Mean plasma cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations were measured in White female users and non-users of oral contraceptives and oestrogens in 10 diverse, demographically defined North American populations. About 50% of the younger women (20-24 years old) were taking oral contraceptives. In these women mean triglyceride concentrations were up to 48% higher and mean cholesterol concentrations were about 5% higher than in non-users. The 95% percentile of the total lipid distribution among non-users was used to define hyperlipidaemia. In young women on oral contraceptives hypercholesterolaemia was up to three times more common and hypertriglyceridaemia was up to five times more common than in non-users. 37% of older women (50-54 years) (presumably intramenopausal and postmenopausal) were hormone users, and in this group there were small, inconsistent alterations in plasma-triglyceride and a modest but consistent reduction in mean cholesterol concentration.
The confounding that results from the uncontrolled conditions under which most epidemiologic observations are made is sufficient to undermine their validity with respect to investigation of the relationship between diet and serum cholesterol. In this paper, the authors show, using both a mathematical model and referring to empirical data, that if certain variances are sufficiently great, even when there is cause and effect, correlation coefficients close to zero would be expected from the actual data of a cross-sectional study. Cross-sectional designs are therefore not suitable for studying this relationship.
Despite the finding in cross-cultural comparisons that habitual sodium intake correlates with levels of blood pressure, similar studies from within population groups have yielded inconsistent results. The data presented in this report indicate that in industrialized societies the high degree of intra-individual variability of sodium intake, compared to much smaller inter-individual differences, may obscure potential biological correlations. A quantitative statistical method is presented to assess and minimize the effect of the large intra-individual variation in daily urinary sodium excretion.
Net free fatty acid release from adipose tissue taken from male rats fed a stock diet unsupplemented with chromium was significantly greater than that from adipose tissue taken from chromium-supplemented rats. This enhanced net lipolysis was unaccompanied by any evidence of a compensatory increase in reesterification. Specifically, the glycerokinase-catalyzed direct phosphorylation of glycerol, which might have provided an alternate supply of alpha-glycerophosphate for reesterification in the absence of glycolytic production of alpha-glycerophosphate, was significantly reduced. These animals also showed an abnormal glucose tolerance response. In contrast, male rats fed a purified diet unsupplemented with chromium appeared to be marginally chromium-deficient as judged by a glucose tolerance test but did not show any alterations in adipose tissue metabolism attributable to the adequacy of chromium nutriture.
In a series of experiments designed to test further our hypothesis that brain tryptophan and 5-hydroxyindole levels vary post-prandially as a function of the serum tryptophan to competitor ratio (i.e., ratio of serum tryptophan concentration to the sum of the concentrations of competing neutral amino acids), rats fasted overnight were allosed to consume for two hours single meals containing carbohydrates, fats, and various amino acids: Diet 1 contained no amino acids; Diet 2 contained five neutral amino acids known to compete with tryptophan for uptake into the brain; Diet 3 lacked tryptophan and the five competitors, but contained twelve non-neutral amino acids found in dietary protein; Diet 4 contained tryptophan and these same twelve non-neutral amino acids. The diet-induced modifications in brain tryptophan and 5-hydroxyindoles followed closely the changes in the serum tryptophan/competitor ratio, but not in serum tryptophan alone: The ingestion of Diet 4 raised serum tryptophan, but not the serum ratio, brain tryptophan or 5-hydroxyindoles; Diet 3 did not raise serum tryptophan, but did elevate the serum ratio, brain tryptophan and 5-hydroxyindoles. Diet 2 caused major reductions in serum tryptophan, the serum ratio, and brain tryptophan and the 5-hydroxyindoles. This diet might provide a simple, attraumatic means for lowering brain serotonin in studies of the physiology or serotonergin neurons. These studies provide further evidence that the effect of insulin on brain tryptophan uptake is not direct, but instead mediated via insulin-induced changes in the serum tryptophan/competitor ratio.
The general trend toward increased consumption of polyunsaturated fatty acids is apparent in the linoleate level of adipose tissue (13.0 plus or minus 1.3%) and erythrocyte lipids (14.0 plus or minus 1.9%) in the present group of female undergraduate student volunteers compared to values reported in the early 1960's. On the basis of the level of linoleate in their diets (19.5 plus or minus 0.8%), it is also apparent that further increases in tissue lipid linoleate levels are to be anticipated, which in turn will result in an increased requirement for vitamin E. It is suggested that adipose tissue linoleate levels in the general population be used as a baseline for the periodic evaluation and revision of the recommended dietary allowance for vitamin E. The recommended dietary allowance could then be phrased in terms of the quantity of vitamin E activity to be consumed per gram linoleate in 100 g adipose tissue fatty acids. A recommendation of 0.6 IU vitamin E activity/g linoleate in 100 g adipose tissue fatty acids is tentatively suggested.
The objectives of this research were to study effects of dietary neutral fat on the concentration and the fatty acid composition of triglyceride (TG) and other lipid classes in plasma, liver, and adipose tissue and, particularly, to study the temporal and precursor-product relationship among those various lipid pools. Accordingly, male rats were administered 1.5 ml. of safflower oil by gastric intubation at 0, 4, and 8 hours after a 16-hour fast. Samples of plasma, liver, and adipose tissue were collected from groups of rats before fat feeding (0 time, controls), during the period of feeding (4 and 8 hours), and at several times thereafter up to 36 hours (28 hours after the last meal). The esterified lipids in all lipid fractions of liver and plasma became enriched with linoleic acid (18:2) during the experiment. The enrichment of plasma and hepatic TG, and of plasma FFA with 18:2 was substantial, reaching a maximum 8 hours after the third meal, whereas only a modest enrichment of adipose tissue TG was observed. The enrichment with 18:2 of various lipid fractions proceeded in the following sequence: total plasma TG became enriched first with 18:2 of chylomicron TG fatty acids during the period of active absorption of fat. Second, plasma FFA were enriched with 18:2 derived presumably from metabolism of chylomicron TG. Subsequently, enrichment of hepatic TG with 18:2 was observed. After maximum enrichment was attained, the percentage of 18:2 in these various lipid pools decreased in the following order. The percentage of 18:2 in plasma FFA fell rapidly, followed by a slower decrease of the 18:2 content of plasma TG and, finally, by an even slower decline of the 18:2 content of hepatic TG. All lipid fractions except plasma FFA contained an increased content of 18:2 even 28 hours following the last fattly meal. It can be deduced from these temporal relationships that plasma TG is derived indirectly from dietary TG long after active absorption of dietary fat has ceased. The composition of hepatic TG is altered by dietary neutral fat, through the intermediary uptake of plasma FFA derived from metabolism of chylomicron TG; this hepatic TG, which reflects dietary fat, is a significant precursor pool of the plasma TG in the postabsorptive state.
Two experiments were conducted with cockerels to determine whether the presence or absence of the ultimobranchial glands would influence the relationship between dietary and plasma calcium and phosphorus. Broiler type cockerels, 16 weeks of age which had been sham operated (SHAM) or ultimobranchialectomized (UBX) 1 to 3 weeks earlier, were fed diets containing 0.8 or 2.4% calcium and 0.13 to 0.33% phosphorus. The SHAM cockerels fed diets containing 0.8% Ca and 0.13% P did not develop hypercalcemia whereas the UBX cockerels fed this diet developed slight significant hypercalcemia after 17 to 21 days. In Experiment I, SHAM cockerels fed the diet containing 2.4% Ca and 0.13% P developed mild, chronic hypercalcemia (12.7 mg./100 ml.) with a plasma phosphorus of 3.03 mg. P/100 ml., whereas the UBX cockerels fed the same diet developed severe hypercalcemia (16.0 mg./100 ml.) and hypophosphatemia, 1.68 mg. P/100 ml. In Experiment 2 the following plasma values were observed after 17 days of consuming the experimental diets: SHAM fed 2.4% Ca and 0.13% P had 10.6 mg. Ca/100 ml. and 3.59 mg. P/100 ml., whereas UBX fed the same diet had 12.8 mg. Ca/100 ml. and 2.24 mg. P/100 ml. The UBX fed 2.4% Ca and 0.33% P for 17 days had plasma values of 10.8 mg. Ca/100 ml. and 4.48 mg. P/100 ml. It is concluded that the presence of the ultimobrancial glands are essential to the regulation of plasma calcium and phosphorus in chickens which consume high calcium-low phosphorus diets.
1. Cholesterol esterification has been studied in the plasma of subjects on diets rich in saturated or polyunsaturated fat. 2. The diet rich in polyunsaturated fat was associated with lower rates of plasma cholesterol esterification in vitro. The data suggest that there was a reduction of plasma lecithin-cholesterol acyltransferase activity as well as decreased ability of the lipoprotein substrates of the enzyme to support esterification. 3. On this diet, there was no change in the proportion of the plasma cholesterol esterified but the plasma cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations were reduced.
The effects of dietary fat on plasma lipid composition were studied in a population of 51 elderly subjects (19 men, 32 women) who lived in a retirement home in the province of Jaén (southern Spain). Dietary intake of fat was elevated (106 and 115 g/day in men and women respectively), and fatty acid intake consisted of 40% oleic acid, 17% linoleic acid and 0.7% linolenic acid. Cholesterol intake was 506 and 518 mg/day in men and women respectively, whereas the plasma level of cholesterol was approximately 250 mg/dl in both sexes. In men and women, HDL-cholesterol levels were 71.5 and 62.2 mg/dl, and LDL-cholesterol levels were 153.5 and 152.3 mg/dl. The most abundant circulating fatty acid was palmitic acid (25%) in both sexes, followed by oleic (23%) and linoleic acid (15-16%), whereas linolenic acid represented only 0.3% of the plasma fatty acids. To determine whether plasma levels of fatty acids served as reliable biological markers of dietary fatty acid intake, we compared the two sets of values, and found that higher intake was reflected in higher plasma levels, although a significant linear correlation (p < 0.05) was found only for linolenic acid.
The authors investigated the association of diet and other factors with the plasma concentrations of carotenoids, retinol and tocopherols in a sample of 121 men and 186 women participating in two prospective investigations of dietary etiologies of chronic diseases. Lycopene (mean concentration, 0.82 mumol/L in men, 0.76 mumol/L in women), beta-carotene (mean 0.46 mumol/L in men, 0.58 mumol/L in women) and lutein (mean 0.28 mumol/L in men, 0.27 mumol/L in women) were the major circulating carotenoids. Among nonsmokers, dietary carotenoid, as typically calculated in epidemiologic studies, was significantly correlated with plasma beta-carotene (r = 0.34 in men, r = 0.30 in women), alpha-carotene (r = 0.52 in men, r = 0.37 in women) and lutein (r = 0.36 in men, r = 0.19 in women), but not with plasma zeaxanthin (r = 0.11 and r = 0.02) or lycopene (r = 0.13 and r = 0.01) after adjusting for plasma cholesterol and triglycerides, body mass index and energy intake. Total vitamin E intake was positively associated with plasma concentrations of alpha-tocopherol (r = 0.51 in men, r = 0.41 in women) and inversely associated with plasma concentrations of gamma-tocopherol (r = -0.51 in men r = -0.42 in women), but this was primarily due to use of vitamin E supplements. Measurements of specific carotenoids can provide independent information beyond the usual calculation of carotene intake in epidemiologic studies.
We evaluated anthropometric measurements, blood pressures, dietary intakes, and self-perceived body image of 352 Navajo Indian adolescents. Thirty-three percent of the girls and 25% of the boys were obese according to a body mass index criterion. Navajo youth tended to have larger skinfolds than their white (National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey II) and Mexican American (Hispanic Health and Nutrition Examination Survey) counterparts, with the greater difference in the subscapular skinfolds indicating a greater amount of truncal rather than peripheral fat. When divided into lower, middle, and upper thirds of body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressures were positively related with increasing body mass index for girls, and systolic blood pressure and body mass index were related among boys. The high prevalence of obese adolescents and the apparent effect of the increased weight on blood pressure in this population indicate the need for interventions aimed at improving dietary habits and fitness levels.
The effects of dietary fish oils with different n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid compositions on plasma lipid profiles in rats have been studied. Forty-eight male rats, previously maintained on a cholesterol-free diet for 15 days, were fed for 60 days with diets supplemented with 10% fat of either marine hilsa fish (Hilsa ilisa, family clupeidae) or fresh-water chital fish (Notopterus chitala, family notopteridae). The diets had similar levels of total saturated (35-41%), monounsaturated (43-47%) and n-3 polyunsaturated (9-10%) fatty acids. Cholesterol contents of the diets were adjusted to 0.85%; gamma-linolenic acid (3.3%) in chital oil and eicosapentaenoic acid (4.9%) in hilsa oil diets were the major n-3 contributors. The percentage of eicosapentaenoic acid in the chital oil diet was 0.57 times that of the hilsa oil diet, but the eicosapentaenoic (EPA) to arachidonic acid (AA) ratio in the latter (4.08) was 3.2 times that of the former (1.27). Sixty days of hilsa oil diet feeding decreased the levels of cholesterol (53.3 +/- 2.9 to 50.0 +/- 1.1 mg/dL), triacylglycerol (75.7 +/- 3.8 to 64.3 +/- 2.6 mg/dL) and phospholipid (55.8 +/- 1.5 to 51.7 +/- 3.1 mg/dL) in rat plasma. Similar treatment with chital oil diet elevated the plasma cholesterol level (53.3 +/- 2.9 to 62.3 +/- 7.6 mg/dL) while triacylglycerol and phospholipid contents remained unaltered. Both the dietary treatments decreased the levels of linoleic and arachidonic acids in liver but only under the hilsa oil diet did the eicosapentaenoic acid percentage increase markedly (0.8 +/- 0.06% to 5.5 +/- 0.06%) at the expense of arachidonic acid.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The effects of dietary level of tryptophan (TRP) and CP content and composition on voluntary feed intake, growth performance, and carcass characteristics in finishing pigs were studied in two experiments, with an equal number of females and castrated males. In Exp. 1, involving 120 Large White pigs from 44 to 99 kg BW with ad libitum access to feed, six treatments were compared according to a 2 x 3 factorial arrangement: 1) two levels of TRP (.09 and .13%), suboptimal and optimal for growth, respectively, 2) three types of CP supply (a 12.5% CP diet based on corn-soybean meal, and adequately balanced for essential amino acids [EAA] other than TRP; 15.7% CP diet with additional protein from corn gluten meal; 16.2% CP diet with additional nonessential amino acids [NEAA, in the form of L-glutamic acid.HCl and glycine], and the same levels of EAA as in the 12.5% CP diet. In Exp. 2, including four of the six previous factorial combinations (.09 and .13% TRP, 12.3 and 15.8% CP with additional protein), 32 pigs of 50-kg initial BW were used during 21 d, and further observations on meat quality characteristics, plasma free amino acid levels, and serotonin concentrations in the posterior hypothalamus were made. The major observed effects were interactions of different magnitude according to sex between TRP level and the amount and the composition of additional CP. At the suboptimal level of .09% TRP, the increase in protein content severely decreased daily feed intake and growth compared with the .13% level, especially in females. Conversely, the addition of NEAA at both TRP levels had little effect on daily feed intake and growth. Deficiency of TRP exerted a significant increase of pH in adductor femoris and semimembranosus muscles measured 45 min and 24 h postmortem, but only in females. Voluntary feed intake, as affected by dietary TRP and CP levels, was linearly related with concomitant changes in TRP to large neutral amino acids (TRP:LNAA) ratio both in feed and in plasma, which in turn was directly associated to hypothalamic serotonin concentration. It was concluded that an overly low concentration of serotonin in the hypothalamus, especially in females, as a result of TRP:LNAA imbalance, could be involved in the reduction of voluntary feed intake.
Estimates of dietary intake of nutrients have many problems, and confirmation of these estimates by chemical measurements of excretory products helps to establish their validity. The correlation between urinary amino acid excretion and dietary history of protein intake are reported herein. Diet diaries were kept by and 24-h urine collected from participants in the Trial of Antihypertensive Therapy and Management, a multicenter cooperative trial comparing the effects of drugs and diet on blood pressure control, side effects, and quality of life. The nutritional information was coded and the data stored by the nutritional analyses facility at Albert Einstein College of Medicine. The chemical determinations were done in the laboratories of the Department of Pathology, Izumo, Japan. The correlation between total protein and 3-methylhistidine was r = 0.42 (n = 96). The correlation was similar for animal protein (r = 0.4). These correlations are of the same order of magnitude as those between dietary sodium and urine sodium, and dietary potassium and urine potassium. We conclude that measurement of urinary protein excretion products may be a useful way to estimate dietary protein intake.
The relationship between alcohol consumption and blood pressure (BP) was studied in 29 centers in 12 countries as part of the International Cooperative Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison (CARDIAC) Study. From each population, 100 men and 100 women aged 50-54 were randomly selected for BP measurement by automated system and for a standardized interview to complete the questionnaire relating to alcohol consumption. In cross-center simple linear regression analysis, mean alcohol consumption calculated from a previous week's drinking did not show a linear association to BP. In within-center multiple linear regression analysis, relationships between high alcohol intake (much greater than 300 g/week) and BP were assessed among 26 centers with high alcohol drinkers after being adjusted for other confounding variables. Positive associations of high alcohol intake with systolic BP (SBP) and diastolic BP (DBP) were noted in 17 and 16 centers, respectively. Thus, high alcohol intake was positively and independently associated with BP in individual subjects.
A gas chromatographic mass spectrometric procedure is described for the measurement of free ethanol and conjugates of ethanol and acetaldehyde. It was demonstrated that conjugates of ethanol and acetaldehyde were present in urine of alcoholics. Urinary levels of free ethanol and the conjugates in abstaining alcoholics were higher than those of social drinkers. On the average, alcoholics excreted equal amounts of free ethanol and ethanol conjugates while controls eliminated three parts of ethanol conjugates to one part of free ethanol. After 14 days of abstinence, 16/23 (70%) of alcoholics had levels of free ethanol and acetaldehyde conjugates higher than the mean +2 SD of social drinkers for these substances. When the molar ratio of ethanol conjugates/free ethanol was considered, five more subjects who were alcoholics could be classified as being alcoholics. There was one false positive among 46 control subjects.
The fatty acid composition of erythrocyte membranes was investigated in 21 healthy men after 6 wk of varying intakes of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3). In one experiment, 12 subjects were fed three diets in a 3 x 3 crossover design: an essentially fish-free control diet, a fish diet (0.15 g EPA/d, 0.41 g DHA/d) and the same fish-based diet supplemented with 5 g/d fish oil (Fish + Oil: 0.99 g EPA/d, 0.99 g DHA/d). A 6 wk wash-out period was allowed between each diet. In another experiment, 11 subjects were supplemented with 5 g/d fish oil alone for 6 wk (0.84 g EPA/d, 0.48 g DHA/d). After fish or fish oil feeding, the percent proportion of EPA and DHA in the erythrocyte membranes rose at the expense of linoleic and arachidonic acids. After 6 wk on the fish-based diets, EPA incorporation approached saturation, with the incremental increases being proportional to the amounts supplied by the diets. In contrast, parallel increases were observed for erythrocyte DHA even though the Fish + Oil diet was supplying twice as much DHA as the fish alone diet. These observations imply different metabolic rates for EPA and DHA and their importance is discussed in terms of the value of erythrocyte EPA versus DHA as markers for fish and fish oil consumption.
Because of the beneficial effect of estrogens on the risk of cardiovascular disease and osteoporosis in postmenopausal women, the factors which influence endogenous postmenopausal estrogen levels are of substantial importance. The major source of postmenopausal estrogen is the aromatization of androgens to estrogens. Because alcohol is reported to increase aromatization rates, the relationship between serum estradiol and moderate alcohol consumption was examined in a group of 128 healthy Pittsburgh postmenopausal women, and a significant direct association was found. In order to address the generalizability of this finding, 3 comparable study populations of healthy postmenopausal women were recruited: 62 in Copenhagen, 34 in Lisbon and 20 in Madrid. Although no association was detected in the Madrid study sample, in both the Copenhagen and Lisbon study populations, not only were estradiol levels significantly increased in alcohol users as compared to abstainers, but also estradiol levels were significantly correlated with total weekly drinks consumed. Based on these findings in study samples of healthy postmenopausal women from Pittsburgh, Copenhagen and Lisbon, we conclude that the increase in estradiol levels seen with moderate alcoholic beverage consumption is not an isolated finding and speculate that moderate alcohol consumption by healthy postmenopausal women may have beneficial effects.
To examine whether dietary fat alters membrane lipid composition and peroxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acids in "non-proliferative" and "proliferative" cells in the large intestine, Sprague-Dawley rats were fed diets providing a polyunsaturated-to-saturated fatty acid ratio of 1.2 or 0.3 at a high or low level of fat intake for a 25-day period. Cell populations were isolated and the effect of dietary fat on membrane polyunsaturated fatty acid content and peroxide levels was determined. Neither fat level nor fatty acid composition of diet influenced total cholesterol, total phospholipids, and percentage of phospholipid classes in membrane phospholipids. Feeding the high fat and/or high polyunsaturated-to-saturated fatty acid ratio diet increased polyunsaturated fatty acid content of mucosal cell phospholipids. Increase in polyunsaturated fatty acid content was paralleled by a decrease in the monounsaturated fatty acid content of mucosal cell phospholipids. Membrane content of total saturated fatty acids was not significantly affected by diet. Variation in phospholipid fatty acid composition between "non-proliferative" and "proliferative" cells was observed. Lipid peroxide levels in mucosal cell lipid fractions were altered by dietary fat treatment. Animals fed high fat diets, compared to groups fed low fat diets, exhibited higher membrane peroxide levels when results are expressed as nmol/mg protein. Higher peroxide levels were observed in mucosal cells for rats fed high polyunsaturated-to-saturated fatty acid ratio diets when results were expressed per nmol of phospholipid. It is concluded that changes in fat level and fatty acid composition of the diet alters the mucosal cell membrane lipid composition in the rat large intestine and influences susceptibility of mucosal cell lipid to peroxidation. Further research is required to delineate which dietary factors--fat level, polyunsaturated-to-saturated fatty acid ratio, or both--have a primary influence on the degree of lipid peroxidation.
The relationship between dietary cations and blood pressure is complex. Epidemiological evidence points to a significant independent positive relationship between dietary sodium and blood pressure. The same evidence favours the existence of a significant negative relationship between dietary potassium and blood pressure. On a molar basis 1 mmol of potassium is about 2.5 times more effective in lowering blood pressure than sodium is in raising it. The evidence concerning the effect of dietary calcium on blood pressure remains controversial. Intervention studies favour a blood-pressure-lowering effect, but serum and urinary calcium correlate positively with blood pressure. Dietary magnesium has probably a slight blood-pressure-lowering effect, but more data are needed in order to evaluate its importance. At the population level blood pressure is significantly related to the dietary intake of cations.
Limited information is available comparing the effect of different species of fish on serum low-density-lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) and apolipoprotein B (apo B) concentrations. We fed 21 normotriglyceridemic males diets containing different species of fish (200 g Dover sole, Chinook salmon, or sablefish) for 18 d in a three-period crossover design. Concentrations of apo B and LDL-C rose on the salmon and sablefish diets compared with the sole diet (P = 0.02 for apo B, 0.08 for LDL-C). These increases were parallel to each other: apo B rose 14% and LDL-C rose 16% on the salmon diet and 17% and 14%, respectively, on the sablefish diet compared with the diet consumed before the study. These results suggest that the consumption of fish with a moderate amounts of n-3 fatty acids may cause a deleterious rise in LDL-C and apo B concentrations in normotriglyceridemic males.
The relationships between plasma, aqueous humor and lens ascorbic acid levels are examined in 131 samples from 127 patients. Mean ascorbate intake for nonsupplemented individuals was 148 mg/day or over two times the recommended daily allowance. A subset of 44 patients participated in a trial to assess the impact of vitamin C supplementation of 2 grams per day on aqueous and lens ascorbic acid levels. Such supplementation significantly increased both total and reduced ascorbic acid levels in plasma and aqueous and total ascorbic acid in the lens. Correlation coefficients relating total and reduced ascorbic acid levels in the three tissues ranged from 0.42 to 0.19 (p less than 0.05 for all correlation coefficients). Over 60% of the ascorbate was present in the reduced form in plasma and aqueous, and about 50% of the lens ascorbate was in the reduced form.
To determine whether the levels of oxygen consumption (VO2) required to relieve an existing oxygen debt are variable, increases in VO2 produced by increases in oxygen delivery (DO2) were evaluated longitudinally in septic patients with lactic acidosis and related to changes in lactate levels. Interventions were performed in 17 patients and consisted of fluid administration (n = 11), packed red blood cell transfusion (n = 19), or dobutamine infusion (n = 14). Interventions associated with a decreased lactate level or an unchanged/increased lactate level demonstrated similar increases from baseline VO2 (49 +/- 9 and 47 +/- 6 ml/min.m2, respectively) and similar postintervention absolute VO2 values (187 +/- 13 and 189 +/- 10 ml/min.m2, respectively) (both p greater than 0.6). When all interventions were considered, correlations were not observed between changes in lactate levels and changes in VO2 (r = 0.21, p greater than 0.60) or between changes in lactate levels and the postintervention VO2 values (r = 0.08, p greater than 0.45). These observations demonstrate that optimal levels of VO2 are variable and suggest that therapeutic interventions should be tailored to a patient's individual tissue needs and guided by an assessment of an oxygen debt (eg, lactate levels) rather than absolute VO2 measurements.
The National Cancer Institute diet questionnaire was evaluated for use in a low-income black population. Data were collected from 91 women aged 30-69 years who were hospital outpatients in Atlanta, Georgia, June through August, 1988. Six ethnic and regional foods added to the questionnaire were found to be important contributors to intakes of several nutrients. Although 17 records were identified as containing probable recording or reporting errors, intakes of carotenes, alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, cryptoxanthin, and vitamin E were significantly and positively associated with serum levels of their referent nutrients. Among nonsmokers, correlation coefficients ranged from 0.32 to 0.45, adjusted for age, body mass index, alcohol and calorie intakes, medications and vitamin supplement use, and serum cholesterol and triglycerides. When questionnaires containing identified errors were omitted, correlations ranged from 0.30 to 0.54. There were no correlations between dietary intakes of lycopene and lutein and blood levels (-0.06 to 0.09). Among smokers, diet-serum correlations were reduced (0.00 to 0.32). These correlations are similar to those reported in research on vitamin E and carotenoids in other populations. These results suggest that the questionnaire is as valid for use in this population as it is in other populations.
The relationship between serum concentrations of beta-cryptoxanthin and zeaxanthin and the consumption of cigarettes and alcohol or the intake frequencies of foods was investigated in 775 Japanese inhabitants. Serum concentrations of beta-cryptoxanthin and beta-carotene in healthy Japanese aged 40-70 years were higher in females than in males. Serum beta-cryptoxanthin levels were inversely associated with the consumption of cigarettes and alcohol, as were the serum beta-carotene levels. Serum zeaxanthin (including lutein) levels were associated with cigarette consumption. The levels of serum beta-cryptoxanthin were positively correlated with the intake frequency of some fruits, and those of zeaxanthin, with the intake frequency of green vegetables, milk and eggs. These xanthophylls may play a role with beta-carotene in smoking-related cancer prevention.
In an investigation of the roles of diet and stool biochemistry in human colorectal carcinogenesis, 24-hour food, urine, and stool samples were collected from randomly selected participants from two populations with a fourfold difference in colorectal cancer risk: Chinese in Sha Giao, People's Republic of China (low risk), and Chinese-Americans of similar ages in San Francisco County, Calif, in the United States (high risk). The findings supported the hypotheses that colorectal cancer risk is increased by the consumption of high-fat, high-protein, and low-carbohydrate diets and is associated with high levels of cholesterol in stool as well as increased daily outputs of 3-methyl-histidine and malonaldehyde in urine. However, risk does not increase with low stool bulk and low total stool fibers.
Murine macrophage oxidation of L-arginine guanidino nitrogen to nitrite/nitrate yields an intermediate effector, possibly nitric oxide, with antimicrobial activity. Total body nitrogen oxidation metabolism (NOM) was measured in vivo by determining the urinary nitrate excretion of mice ingesting a chemically defined nitrite/nitrate-free diet. As reported previously, mycobacterial infection with bacillus Calmétte-Guerin led to a large increase in urinary nitrate excretion. This increase was temporally related to macrophage activation in vivo. The substrate for macrophage nitrogen oxidation metabolism in vitro, L-arginine, was deleted from the diet without ameliorating the urinary nitrate excretion response induced by BCG. This suggested that L-arginine was synthesized endogenously because there are no other known natural substrates for NOM. A competitive inhibitor of NOM, the L-arginine analog, NG-monomethyl-L-arginine was fed to mice in their drinking water. NG-monomethyl-L-arginine ingestion blocked both basal and bacillus Calmétte-Guerin-induced urinary nitrate excretion over a 2-4 week time span. These experimental conditions should prove useful for further investigation on the role of macrophage NOM in host defense against intracellular microorganisms.
We measured in mice under various conditions plasma phospholipids (PlipPl), total phosphate (PtotPl), inorganic phosphate (PiPl), and calculated other phosphate-containing material (PXPl) by subtracting (Plip + Pi)Pl from PtotPl. In mice fed low Pi diet (LPD) for 10 days, PlipPl was higher, PxPl did not change, whereas PiPl and PtotPl were lower than under high Pi diet (HPD). A highly significant inverse correlation was found between PlipPl and PiPl. The effect on PlipPl of maneuvers known to change PiPl acutely (within hours) was then investigated. In LPD mice, 6 h fasting, which increases PiPl, led to a decrease of PlipPl without significant changes of PtotPl and PxPl. The conspicuous rise in PiPl observed with glucagon treatment was associated with a decrement of PlipPl of the same magnitude as the increase in PiPl without a change of PtotPl or PxPl. Finally, injection of Pi lowered PlipPl in a dose-dependent manner within 2 h. In mice fed HPD, PlipPl decreased similarly during all acute maneuvers described under LPD, except Pi injection, where it did not decrease. In conclusion, the effects described above would suggest that the regulation of the two phosphate species may be linked and that PlipPl may possibly be involved in Pi homeostasis.
The aim of our study was to evaluate the effects of diet induced hypercholesterolemia and associated atherosclerosis in rabbits on serum thromboxane B2 levels. We have determined thromboxane B2 in serum of hypercholesterolemic rabbits with atherosclerosis and in normocholesterolemic rabbits without atherosclerosis. Our data show only a mildly higher serum thromboxane levels in hypercholesterolemic rabbits and extensive atherosclerosis than in controls without atherosclerosis. In conclusion, these results show that diet induced hypercholesterolemia was not associated with thromboxane B2 generation, in spite of a diffuse experimental atheromatosis.
The effects of a single injection of porcine insulin on free amino acid levels in plasma, erythrocytes, hepatopancreas and skeletal muscle were simultaneously monitored in common carp; the fish were force-fed a complete diet composed of crystalline amino acids as the sole protein precursors (amino acid diet) to study the dynamics of amino acid metabolism. The force-feeding of the amino acid diet caused surges in the concentrations of almost all amino acids in fish injected with saline, and amino acid levels reached peaks within 1 h in plasma as well as in hepatopancreas. It took more than 2.5 h for most amino acids to reach maximum levels in erythrocytes and skeletal muscle of the same fish. The injection of insulin stimulated drastic reductions of free amino acid levels in the plasma. At the same time, it facilitated reduction of free amino acid levels without elevating glutamine and ammonia levels in erythrocytes, hepatopancreas or skeletal muscle. These results suggest that exogenous insulin accelerated assimilation of dietary free amino acids and their deposition in these tissues.
The relations of systolic and diastolic blood pressures to alcohol intake and exercise tolerance levels in 15,612 men and 3,855 women were investigated. Alcohol intake was assessed by questionnaire and stratified into seven levels for men and six for women according to the ounces of ethanol consumed per week. Exercise tolerance was determined by maximal treadmill exercise testing and was categorized into six age-specific by sex-specific levels. Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure were significantly related to both alcohol intake and exercise tolerance levels in both men and women. These relations, which were positive for alcohol and negative for exercise tolerance, remained after covariance adjustment for age, body mass index, and cigarette smoking. Alcohol intake was not significantly correlated with exercise tolerance. The relation of blood pressure to alcohol was not linear because the blood pressure of moderate consumers of alcohol tended to be slightly lower than that of nondrinkers. Higher blood pressure was found only in drinkers whose ethanol intake exceeded 9.5 ounces (approximately 285 ml or 19 drinks) per week. However, heavy drinkers in high exercise tolerance categories had no higher blood pressure than nondrinkers in low exercise tolerance groups. Exercise tolerance or physiological fitness appears to be important in quantifying the relation between alcohol intake and blood pressure and should be considered in describing this relation.
The association between coffee consumption and serum cholesterol concentration was studied in a cross-sectional epidemiological study among 5704 men and women in Finland. The mean serum cholesterol values of those consuming boiled coffee (24% of the subjects) was significantly higher than that of drinkers of filtered coffee (69% of the subjects) in both sexes after adjusting for age, body mass index, smoking, serum gamma-glutamyltransferase, index of saturated fat intake, and physical activity: in men 6.37 versus 6.02 mmol/l, in women 6.22 versus 5.84 mmol/l, both significant at p less than 0.001. A significant dose-dependent effect was observed between the consumption of boiled coffee both in men and in women. For filter coffee drinkers a weak coffee dose-cholesterol association was found only for women. The magnitude of the effect of boiled coffee, 0.3-0.4 mmol/l in serum cholesterol values, is in accordance with the results from controlled trials carried out among both hyper- and normocholesterolaemic subjects.
Blacks in the United States have higher blood pressures than whites. They ingest and excrete less calcium and potassium. There is some evidence that blacks have a difference in vitamin D metabolism that might increase any problem caused by low calcium intake. Some studies can be interpreted to suggest that calcium or potassium therapy has greater hypotensive effects in blacks than in whites. Decreased intake of calcium and potassium may be major causes of the greater prevalence of hypertension in blacks than in whites.
Using dietary, blood nutrient, and esophageal cancer mortality data from 65 Chinese counties, we examined several correlations to help provide clues to the influence of diet and nutrition on the geographic variation of esophageal cancer in China. Esophageal cancer mortality was significantly inversely related to reported fruit consumption and to plasma ascorbic acid concentration. The age-adjusted mortality rates were more than three times higher for counties in the lowest compared with the highest quartile of fruit intake or plasma vitamin C. Positive correlations with intake of moldy vegetables were observed but not with tobacco and alcohol consumption. There were suggestive inverse associations with blood selenium and riboflavin but little effect of fat-soluble vitamins. Limitations of ecological data preclude causal inferences, but the relationships provide leads to dietary factors that may contribute to the exceptionally high rates of esophageal cancer in several areas of China.
Nutrient intakes from a food frequency questionnaire are usually calculated as the product of frequency of intake and nutrient composition of the food, summed over the food items. This involves assumptions about the accuracy of recording, food composition data, stability during storage and preparation, and bioavailability. This usual method of calculation was compared with one using empirical weights derived by multivariate linear regression. Food intakes reported on a food frequency questionnaire by Boston, Massachusetts, area subjects in 1982-1985 were used to predict plasma levels of beta-carotene among 370 male and female nonsmokers and plasma levels of alpha-tocopherol among 339 male and female nonusers of vitamin supplements. Nutrient intake computed using empirical weights yielded a significant correlation with plasma beta-carotene (r = 0.43, p = 0.0001), similar to the correlation using nutrient intake calculated from food composition tables (r = 0.38, p = 0.0001). However, the use of empirical weights significantly improved the correlation of vitamin E intake with plasma alpha-tocopherol levels (r = 0.32, p = 0.0001), compared with the weak correlation obtained using the food composition table method to calculate intake (r = 0.16). The results support the validity of published food composition data used to compute carotenoid intake and illustrate the potential utility of empirically derived weights for foods to predict plasma levels of some nutrients.
Mutagen formation during deep-frying was evaluated using standard frying conditions. Portions of pre-fried, sliced potatoes were fried in a commercial brand of hydrogenated vegetable frying fat, which was used repeatedly and for a prolonged period of time. Concentrations of polar oxidation and degradation products, and of dimeric and polymeric triglycerides, were found to increase in the frying fat as well as in fried potatoes with prolonged use of the fat. Thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances were detectable neither in the frying fat nor in the fried potatoes. Polar fractions of repeatedly used frying fat significantly increased the number of revertants in Salmonella typhimurium strain TA97 without S-9 mix. In the presence of S-9 mix mutagenic activity was reduced. As a consequence of ongoing formation of polar degradation and oxidation products, the mutagenicity of the fat increased after repeated use. Polar fractions of lipids extracted from commercially obtained pre-fried potatoes, as well as from fried potatoes, marginally increased the number of revertants in strain TA97 without S-9 mix. The mutagenicity of the lipid fractions of fried potatoes was not related to the heating time of the fat. Methanol extracts of fat-free residues of fried potatoes significantly increased numbers of revertants in strain TA97 after metabolic activation, which indicated that a different class of mutagens had been isolated. The mutagenicity of methanol extracts was not increased after either prolonged or repeated use of the fat. Urine samples of six healthy, non-smoking volunteers, collected during the 24 hr following consumption of portions of potatoes fried in repeatedly used fat, showed no increase in mutagenicity compared with control samples. Since the exact identity of mutagens formed during deep-frying, as well as their metabolic fate in man, is unclear at present, evaluation of possible adverse biological effects associated with consumption of fried foods will require strictly controlled metabolic studies.
The association between breast cancer and selenium, measured in the diet, plasma, erythrocytes, and toenails, was investigated in a case-control study in the Netherlands during 1985-1987. Dietary selenium intake was assessed by a structured dietary history technique among 133 breast cancer cases and 238 population controls. Absolute and energy-adjusted selenium intake and selenium concentrations in plasma, erythrocytes, and toenails were similar in cases and controls. The multivariate adjusted odds ratios of breast cancer for subjects in the lowest quartile compared with the highest quartile were 1.6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.8-3.4) for dietary selenium, 2.0 (95% CI 0.9-4.4) for plasma selenium, 0.9 (95% CI 0.4-1.9) for erythrocyte selenium, and 1.1 (95% CI 0.6-2.1) for toenail selenium. No statistically significant trend was observed in the odds ratios for any of the four indicators of selenium. These results do not suggest a substantial association between selenium and breast cancer for both short- and long-term markers of selenium status.
Studies were done in selected groups of nonhuman primates in which the diet (low fat and high fat as either polyunsaturated or saturated fat), gender, and species (African green monkeys and cynomolgus monkeys) were varied. Large differences in plasma lipid and lipoprotein concentrations were found among these groups, providing the opportunity to examine their relationships to postheparin lipolytic activities (PHLA) including lipoprotein lipase (LPL) and hepatic triglyceride lipase (HTGL). PHLA was measured in plasma drawn 20 minutes after injection of heparin (100 units/kg). The assay was done with a radioactive triglyceride emulsion, and LPL and HTGL activities were estimated after 1 M NaCl inhibition of the former. LPL activity was high in both species of monkeys, and HTGL activity was low; the ratio of HTGL/LPL was consistently less than 0.5. The mean values for LPL activity did not vary significantly among experimental groups, but significant negative correlations between LPL activity and plasma triglyceride concentration were found. Statistically significant diet, species, and gender differences in HTGL activities were found. In high-fat-fed compared to low-fat-fed animals, HTGL activities were higher, and high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol concentrations and the percentages of HDL2b were also higher. African green monkeys had consistently higher HTGL activities than cynomolgus monkeys and had higher concentrations of HDL cholesterol and a greater proportion of HDL as the larger HDL2b subfraction. Significantly lower HTGL activities were found in females compared to males fed the low-fat diets, and females had a significantly greater proportion of total HDL in the HDL2b subfraction.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Isocaloric substitution of polyunsaturated fat for saturated fat reduces concentrations of total plasma cholesterol and high density lipoproteins (HDL) in nonhuman primates. The biochemical mechanisms through which polyunsaturated fat lowers plasma HDL concentrations are not well understood but must involve changes in HDL production or HDL clearance from plasma, or both. To determine whether dietary polyunsaturated fat (P/S = 2.2) alters apolipoprotein (apo) A-I production, African green monkeys (Cercopithecus aethiops) were fed diets containing polyunsaturated fat or saturated fat (P/S = 0.3) each in combination with high (0.8 mg/kcal) and low (0.03 mg/kcal) amounts of dietary cholesterol. Animals fed polyunsaturated fat at either cholesterol level had lower plasma concentrations of total cholesterol and HDL cholesterol. Plasma apoA-I concentration was reduced by 16% by polyunsaturated fat in the high cholesterol group. The rate of hepatic apoA-I secretion, as estimated by the accumulation of perfusate apoA-I during recirculating liver perfusion, was reduced by 19% in animals consuming the high cholesterol, polyunsaturated fat diet. Hepatic apoA-I mRNA concentrations, as measured by DNA-excess solution hybridization, also were reduced by 22% in the high cholesterol, polyunsaturated fat-fed animals. In contrast, intestinal apoA-I mRNA concentrations were not altered by the type of dietary fat. Plasma apoA-II and hepatic apoA-II mRNA concentrations also were not altered by the type of dietary fat. These data indicate that dietary polyunsaturated fat can selectively alter the expression of the apoA-I gene in a tissue-specific manner.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Serum trypsinogen concentration was studied in 6 adult mixed-breed dogs randomly fed diets containing 6.8, 31.4, or 39.7% protein (dry weight) for 3 weeks each. Blood was collected on days 20, 21, and 22 of each feeding period, and serum trypsinogen concentrations were determined by radioimmunoassay of trypsin-like immunoreactivity (TLI). Mean serum TLI concentrations for each dog fed each diet were compared. A significant (P less than 0.05) positive linear relationship (P less than 0.02) was determined between serum TLI concentrations and the percentage of dietary protein. Mean serum TLI concentrations for each dog fed all diets ranged from 5.7 to 20.2 micrograms/L.
The effect of vitamin B12(B12)-deficiency on the activities of hepatic methionine synthase, homocysteine methyltransferase, and cystathionine beta-synthase was investigated in rats. The rats bred from B12-deficient dams were fed the B12-deficient diets for 150 days after weaning. Growth retardation of the B12-deficient rats was already observed on day 30 and continued through 150 days. But dietary supplementation of 0.5% DL-methionine slightly improved the growth retardation. Urinary excretion of methylmalonic acid increased to about 15 mg/mg creatinine and hepatic B12 concentration declined to about 2 ng/g liver after a 150-day feeding of the B12-deficient diets. Hepatic methionine synthase activity in rats fed the B12-deficient diets supplemented with or without methionine decreased to about 5% of B12-supplemented controls. Hepatic betaine-homocysteine methyltransferase activity showed no significant change caused by B12-deficiency. Hepatic cystathionine beta-synthase activity in rats fed the B12-deficient diets supplemented with or without methionine decreased to about 61% and 27% of their B12-supplemented controls, respectively, but the decrease was partially improved by methionine supplementation. In conclusion, the rats bred from B12-deficient dams showed a severe B12-deficiency after a 150-day feeding of the B12-deficient diets. The decrease of hepatic cystathionine beta-synthase activity was supposed to be due to the adaptation by the defect of methionine resynthesis.
Serum cholesteryl palmitate, oleate, linoleate and arachidonate were measured using high performance liquid chromatography in 134 men aged 45-64 years, randomly selected from the population of Ghent, Belgium. No relationship was observed between these cholesteryl esters, expressed as a percentage of their total, and age, serum cholesterol, arterial blood pressure, smoking habits and body mass index. Dietary habits were assessed using a 3-day diary method. No relationship was found between dietary habits and serum lipids. Highly significant correlations were observed between diet and the serum cholesteryl esters. In multivariate analyses dietary variables account for significant proportions of the variances of the serum cholesteryl esters. The results indicate that measurements of cholesteryl esters can be used to differentiate on the population level between subgroups with different dietary habits particularly with respect to fat consumption.
This paper examines changes in mortality from urinary bladder cancer in Italy during the years 1950-81 in relation to changes in smoking habits and in coffee, cocoa and tea consumption. The authors found that, in both sexes and for all ages, mortality has been increasing throughout this period, although the rates and relative increase have consistently been much lower and more gradual for women than for men. From the analysis of age-cohort-period variation it seems that bladder cancer mortality can also be influenced by changes in smoking habit patterns and by variation in the quality of diagnoses. The increase in death risk for both sexes in Italy up to cohorts born around 1905-10 can be related to occupational exposures and to high-tar-content tobacco smoking, whereas the tendency for mortality rates to stabilize and decline in cohorts born after 1910 were influenced by changes from high-tar-content and no-filter cigarettes to low-tar-content and filter cigarettes and by prevention measures taken in at-risk working environments. The consumption of coffee, cocoa and tea does not seem to be related to the increase in bladder cancer risk in Italy.
The osmolality and concentrations of Na, K, Cl and the hormones arginine vasotocin (AVT), prolactin, aldosterone and corticosterone were measured in plasma as functions of time in relation to oviposition, changing NaCl content of the diet, and feeding-inanition. AVT was significantly increased immediately after oviposition (but not during the hour before) with a calculated average value of 38.0 +/- 4.1 pg/ml at oviposition. A moderate increase in concentrations of prolactin and corticosterone were observed immediately after oviposition. Oviposition was not associated with detectable changes in plasma osmolality (and electrolyte concentrations) nor with the concentration of aldosterone. After a sudden change from a high NaCl diet to a low NaCl diet the plasma osmolality and concentrations of NaCl, AVT and prolactin reached new stable levels in 24 hr, whereas the plasma aldosterone concentration required more than 4 days to reach a steady level. After resalination plasma aldosterone was suppressed in less than 8 hr. Both osmolality and concentrations of AVT and prolactin showed transient overshoots during the first 24 hr. NaCl depletion resulted in a transient increase of corticosterone.
We studied the relationships of supplemental and total vitamin A and supplemental vitamin E intake with fasting plasma biochemical indicators of vitamin A and vitamin E nutritional status among 562 healthy elderly people (aged 60-98 y) and 194 healthy young adult (aged 19-59 y) volunteers. All subjects were nonsmokers. For the young adults, plasma retinol was significantly greater in males than in females (p less than 0.01); retinol was not related to supplemental vitamin A intake for either group. Fasting plasma retinyl esters demonstrated a significant increase with vitamin A supplement use. For supplemental vitamin A intakes of 5001-10,000 IU/d, a 2.5-fold increase over nonusers in fasting plasma retinyl esters was observed for elderly people (p less than 0.05) and a 1.5-fold increase for young adults (p greater than 0.20). For elderly people, greater fasting plasma retinyl esters were associated with long-term vitamin A supplement use (greater than 5 y) and biochemical evidence of liver damage. Elderly people who take vitamin A supplements may be at increased risk for vitamin A overload.
We compared the suitability of the linoleic-oleic acid ratio (L:O) of serum cholesteryl esters and erythrocyte membranes as indicators of dietary fatty acid composition. Forty-seven volunteers received a mixed natural diet with a polyunsaturated-saturated fatty acids ratio (P:S) of 0.2 for 3 wk and with P:S 2.0 for another 3 wk (HA group, 24 subjects) or vice versa (HY group, 23 subjects). Duplicate portion analysis revealed that dietary fat type was the only variable. The change in L:O in cholesteryl esters relative to the low P:S diet was 91.3 +/- 25.9% (means +/- SD) in the HA group and 85.1 +/- 18.8% in the HY group. The changes in erythrocyte membranes were 33.0 +/- 7.9% in the HA group and 22.8 +/- 4.9% in the HY group. Thus the effect on erythrocyte fatty acids was smaller but also less variable and the precision of the two measures was similar. Therefore the L:O of either blood component can be used as a marker of a subject's adherence to experimental diets differing in type of fat.
A cohort of 1,052 persons (504 men and 548 women) born in 1936 and residing in the Glostrup area, Denmark, underwent a comprehensive physical examination in 1976 at age 40 years, and 966 underwent a complete reexamination five years later. The examinations included blood lead concentration and blood pressure assessment under careful quality control. Complete blood lead and blood pressure data were available for 861 of these subjects (451 men and 410 women). The median blood lead levels were 13 and 9 micrograms/100 ml at age 40 years and 9 and 6 micrograms/100 ml at age 45 years in men and women, respectively. A slightly increased blood lead concentration was seen at age 40 years in women with a systolic blood pressure above 140 mmHg and/or a diastolic blood pressure above 90 mmHg. Systolic blood pressure in men and women and diastolic blood pressure in women correlated significantly with log blood lead at age 40 years but not at age 45 years, a doubling in blood lead being associated with an increase in blood pressure of 3 mmHg or less. Of nine potential confounders assessed, only blood hemoglobin and alleged alcohol intake were significantly associated with both blood lead and blood pressure. If one or both confounders were entered into a multiple regression analysis, all associations between blood lead and blood pressure became nonsignificant, in some cases with a negative regression coefficient. In addition, the blood lead:hemoglobin ratio was poorly associated with blood pressure, particularly in individuals with a low alcohol intake. Because both hemoglobin level and alcohol intake appear to be biologically plausible confounders, any independent effect of low-level lead exposure on blood pressure could not be determined.
To investigate possible differences in tissue exposures to reproductive hormones and to determine hormone-nutrient interrelationships, we studied 10 vegetarian and 10 nonvegetarian premenopausal Seventh-day Adventist women. Over 3 d in each of three consecutive menstrual cycles, we collected diet records, fasting midluteal phase blood, and 24-h urine samples. During each study period, we measured plasma and urinary estrogens, plasma free and protein bound-estradiol-17 beta, the binding capacity of sex-hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), androgens, progesterone, and prolactin levels. The omnivores consumed significantly more protein, total and saturated fatty acids, oleic and linoleic acids, and cholesterol than did the vegetarians. Hormonal status and binding capacity of SHBG were similar in both groups. However, for nonvegetarians, prolactin levels were positively correlated with dietary energy, protein, total and saturated fatty acids, and oleic acid. Further study delineating the effects of specific dietary nutrients on the basal level of prolactin secretion is warranted.
Plasma levels of atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) in 106 patients with essential hypertension with a supine mean blood pressure (mean +/- SEM) of 128.9 +/- 1.6 mmHg and not on treatment were significantly higher than those in 47 normotensive subjects (supine mean blood pressure 93.9 +/- 1.2 mmHg) with mean values of 17.2 +/- 1.1 and 8.6 +/- 0.6 pg/ml, respectively (P less than 0.001). Similar results were found in a subgroup of 35 hypertensive patients identically matched in terms of age, sex, and race with 35 normotensive subjects. Plasma levels of ANP were correlated significantly with age in normotensive subjects and with age and blood pressure in the hypertensive patients. In 12 hypertensive patients studied on a low (10 mmol sodium/day), on their usual sodium intake (around 120 mmol sodium/24 hr) and on a high (350 mmol sodium/day) intake, plasma ANP increased approximately twofold by the fifth day of the high sodium intake, but there was no significant difference between the plasma levels on their usual sodium intake and those on the fifth day of the low sodium intake. Supine mean blood pressure on the patients' usual sodium intake was 119.3 +/- 2.7 mmHg and was reduced to 110.0 +/- 3 mmHg by the fifth day of the low sodium intake (P less than 0.005). However, there was no significant difference between the blood pressure levels on their usual and high sodium intake (118.3 +/- 3.0 mmHg).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Recurrent diarrhoea and weight loss in many adult patients with Down's syndrome (DS), initiated a search for malabsorption based on determination of serum IgG and IgA antibody levels to dietary antigens. The results were compared with measurements of autoantibodies and serum zinc levels. DS patients had increased IgG and IgA activities to gluten proteins, casein and ovalbumin compared with an age- and sex-matched group of other mentally retarded patients in the same institution. Intestinal biopsy was performed in six of the 38 patients; one had total and one partial villous atrophy. Serum zinc was significantly lower in DS patients (median 14.7 mumol/l, range 5.5-20 mumol/l) than in the controls (median 16.4 mumol/l, range 12.7-19.5 mumol/l). DS patients with increased IgA activity to gluten weighed less and had lower concentrations of zinc in serum than DS patients with normal IgA activity. Twenty-eight per cent of the DS patients had autoantibodies to the thyroid gland. Our results suggest intestinal malfunction in DS, perhaps related to a defect of immune regulation caused by reduced levels of zinc in serum.
In order to assess the extent of polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure and potential health effects, a clinical-epidemiologic survey was initiated among 205 workers at a capacitor manufacturing plant. The geometric mean serum PCB level for workers was 18.2 ppb (SD 2.88), with a range of 0 to 424 ppb. Multiple regression analysis found duration of employment, cumulative occupational exposure, cumulative fish consumption, and cholesterol level to be significant predictors of log serum PCB levels. Of these predictors, duration of employment and cumulative occupational exposure were the strongest contributors to the regression model, indicating the dual importance of opportunity for dermal contact and respiratory exposure level in contributing to workers' serum PCB levels.
Corn and peanut oil (total, 253 samples) were collected from 32 households in Fushui county of the Guangxi autonomous region of the People's Republic of China, where high liver cancer incidence has been reported, every day over a period of 1 week and analyzed for aflatoxin B1 (AFB). A total of 252 urine samples were collected simultaneously from the residents in the households which were shown to have consumed AFB and were analyzed for aflatoxin M1 (AFM) by a competitive direct enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. A good correlation between total dietary AFB intake and total AFM excretion in human urine was observed during a 3-day study. A regression equation of 0.143 plus 0.0135 multiplied by the amount of AFB consumed was observed. Between 1.23 and 2.18% of dietary AFB was found to be present as AFM in human urine. A good correlation was also observed between the AFB concentration in corn and the AFM concentration in human urine. The results suggest that analysis of AFM in urine by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay could be used as an index for human exposure of AFB in an extensive epidemiological study.
The biologic relation between dietary fats and serum cholesterol established in controlled dietary studies usually has not been found in cross-sectional studies of the general population. In vegetarian groups, dietary variables and serum cholesterol have been correlated significantly. To examine the role of technique of dietary assessment versus the dietary pattern of vegetarians, the authors studied the relation of diet with total serum cholesterol in 46 predominantly vegetarian adults in the Boston, Massachusetts, area in 1973-1974. The basis of the dietary information was 10-day diet records. Total serum cholesterol was positively associated with dietary cholesterol (r = 0.53) and saturated fatty acids (r = 0.50) in partial correlation analysis adjusted for age, sex, and triceps skinfold. The use of one-day dietary records lowered these correlation coefficients to about 0.3. Analysis of the components of variation of nutrient intake demonstrated that the vegetarians had a lower within-person variance, a higher between-person variance, or both compared with nonvegetarian study groups. Biologic responsiveness to dietary fat in the vegetarians was similar to that predicted by the Keys equation derived from nonvegetarians. Therefore, multiple-day averaging of dietary records and relatively smaller ratio of within-person to between-person variation in intake favor the detection of cross-sectional associations of diet with serum cholesterol.
Using First National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES I) data, we studied the relationships of dietary sodium, potassium, and alcohol to blood pressure in relation to levels of dietary calcium intake. At low Ca intakes (less than 400 mg/d for men and less than 800 mg/d for women) the ratio of Na to K (Na:K) was significantly related to blood pressure (p less than 0.01) after controlling for age, body mass index (BMI), race, and gender. At higher Ca intakes neither Na:K nor any other nutrient (with the exception of alcohol) was related to either systolic or diastolic blood pressures. Na:K was more strongly related to blood pressure than either nutrient alone and low Ca intakes were necessary for the Na:K-blood pressure relationship to be evident. Interaction of these three dietary factors in relation to blood pressure was evident in all race and gender groups. Associations of age, BMI, gender, and alcohol with blood pressure were not affected by Ca levels.
Plasma apolipoprotein B (apo B) concentrations were determined in 178 randomly selected 40-49-year-old men from Eastern and Southwestern Finland and compared with the concentrations of plasma lipids and the fatty acid composition of plasma and adipose tissue determined previously from the same populations. The plasma apo B concentrations ranged from 50 to 209 mg/dl. Although men from the two regions had similar mean concentrations of plasma triglyceride, total cholesterol and high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, men from Eastern Finland had significantly higher mean apo B levels (139 +/- 25 mg/dl) and a lower ratio of total cholesterol to apo B (1.85 +/- 0.25) than the Southwestern men (125 +/- 33 mg/dl and 2.05 +/- 0.40, respectively). In the whole population, apo B and total cholesterol had significant negative correlations with the percentages of linoleate in the fatty acids of plasma and adipose tissue, which are known to reflect the quality of dietary fat. As the percentages of linoleate have previously been shown to be lower in the Eastern population, part of the regional difference in apo B is obviously explained by differences in the quality of dietary fat. On the other hand, men (n = 59) who had high plasma apo B (greater than 130 mg/dl) but low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol within the reference values (less than 5.17 mmol/l) showed no correlation between linoleate and apo B. This suggests that other factors than dietary fat determine the concentration of apo B in this group of men.
To assess the validity of nutrient intake estimates from a food frequency questionnaire, the authors compared estimates of intake of preformed retinol (dietary plus supplements), beta-carotene, other active carotenoids, and total vitamin A computed from questionnaire responses with serum retinoid and carotenoid concentrations. Data were obtained from 302 male and female current or former smokers, participants in a lung cancer chemoprevention trial at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington, during 1985-1986. Both serum beta-carotene and serum alpha-carotene were associated, although weakly, with food frequency estimates of total vitamin A intake, dietary vitamin A, beta-carotene, other carotenoids, and total carotenoids (0.18 less than or equal to r less than or equal to 0.26). Serum retinol was associated with supplementary vitamin A intake (r = 0.16). Nondietary factors were also associated with serum nutrient concentrations--in particular, cigarette smoking, alcohol intake, and body mass index. Cigarette smoking emerged as an important modifying factor of the relation between serum beta-carotene and dietary beta-carotene (r = 0.14 for current smokers, r = 0.30 for former smokers).
Forty-six diabetic outpatients consumed (1,533 +/- 308 kcal (mean +/- SD) per day, 205 +/- 42 g of carbohydrates, 73 +/- 18 g of protein, 49 +/- 18 g of fat, and 0.05 +/- 0.34 mg of thiamine. No significant correlation was found in 46 diabetic between blood thiamine level and the intake of dietary energy, carbohydrate or thiamine. In 13 healthy subjects given prepared diets, a significant correlation was found between blood thiamine level and dietary thiamine content, thiamine content per 1,000 kcal, and 24-h urinary thiamine amount divided by urinary creatinine. When 9 healthy subjects (6 males, 3 females) consumed 1,600 kcal with 0.6 mg of thiamine for two days, their blood thiamine level was 47 +/- 29.1 ng/ml before and 29.7 +/- 7.1 ng/ml after eating the diet, showing low blood thiamine levels due to the low content of dietary thiamine. When 5 or 6 healthy female subjects consumed 1,400 kcal with 1.6 mg of thiamine or 2,000 kcal with 1.9 mg of thiamine for two days, their blood thiamine level was 45.3 +/- 4.8 ng/ml or 57.7 +/- 8.4 ng/ml before and 51.5 +/- 11.7 ng/ml or 56.4 +/- 11.7 ng/ml after eating the diets, respectively. In both diabetic outpatients and healthy subjects, a significant positive correlation was found between blood thiamine levels and dietary thiamine concentrations per 1,000 kcal, and a significant positive correlation was also found between erythrocyte transketolase activity and dietary thiamine content.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Serum vitamin C levels were compared in smokers and nonsmokers in relation to dietary and supplemental intake of vitamin C, using data from the Second National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Smokers reported a lower mean daily intake (53 mg) of vitamin C than nonsmokers (65 mg) and a higher percentage (41% compared to 31%) consuming less than 70% RDA. Smoking status of respondents was judged by carboxyhemoglobin levels or by questionnaire. With both methods, percent of nonsupplemented smokers with serum vitamin C 0.3 mg/dl or less was two or more times as high as nonsupplemented nonsmokers at similar dietary intake levels. When smokers and nonsmokers with similar dietary vitamin C intake were ranked by serum C level, median and mean serum C for smokers was consistently lower than nonsmokers by approximately 0.2 mg/dl. By using the parallel bioassay methods, it was estimated that smokers would need an additional 59 mg/day dietary vitamin C (95% confidence interval of 52-68 mg/day) based on median values or 65 mg/day (53-79 mg/day) based on mean values to attain serum C levels comparable to nonsmokers.
The effects of dietary animal protein (casein) or soy protein (soy isolate) on plasma lipids and hormones were investigated in the gerbil. Diets, fed to male gerbils (initial weight, 60 g) for 4 wk, contained either 18% casein or soy isolate as the protein source. The dietary fat sources were lard (16%) and safflower oil (1%). The cholesterol content of the diet was 0.1%. Plasma total cholesterol concentrations were lower in gerbils fed the soy protein diet (159 mg/dl) than in the gerbils fed the casein diet (190 mg/dl). Absolute HDL-cholesterol concentrations were unaffected by the protein source, but LDL-cholesterol concentrations were lower in the soy-fed gerbils. Thus, the ratio of LDL to HDL cholesterol was lower in the soy-fed gerbils (0.42) compared with the casein-fed gerbils (0.70). Plasma insulin levels were higher in the soy-fed gerbils as were plasma thyroxine and thyroid-stimulating hormone levels. The results indicate that the gerbils can be used to study dietary effects on cholesterol parameters. These data also suggest that changes in plasma thyroxine levels may in part account for the hypocholesterolemic effect of soy protein.
The associations of serum lipids with coffee, tea, and egg consumption were examined in a survey of 658 men in Israel. A significant, positive association was found between coffee consumption and serum total cholesterol (TC), mainly reflecting a difference in the low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). Among the subjects aged 20-39, the difference in TC between the lowest and highest consumption categories was 13.2 mg/dl, and among those aged 40-69 the difference was 7.4 mg/dl. An even stronger, negative association between tea intake and TC was present; the difference between the lowest and highest consumption categories was 28.7 mg/dl for the younger subjects and 18.4 mg/dl for the older group. On the other hand, serum TC levels were not elevated at higher levels of whole egg consumption. Thus, allowing for the bias inherent in dietary recall, coffee and tea consumption appear to be associated more strongly with serum lipid and lipoprotein levels than egg consumption.
The relationships between the cholesterol content of the diet, plasma cholesterol concentration, cholesterol absorption, and cholesterol synthesis (measured indirectly by desmosterol suppression technique) are explored in groups of high- and low-responding rhesus monkeys fed diets containing 0.02, 0.15 and 0.75 mg cholesterol/kcal. The cholesterol content of the diet (expressed as mg/kcal) is positively correlated with plasma cholesterol concentration and is negatively correlated with percent cholesterol absorption in both groups. Also the cholesterol content of the diet is negatively correlated (r = -0.66) with cholesterol synthesis only in low-responders but not in high-responders. Similarly, the correlation between percent cholesterol absorption and cholesterol synthesis is significant in the low-responders (r = 0.82, P less than 0.01) but not in the high-responders (r = 0.12, P greater than 0.1). Further, a negative correlation (r = -0.61) is observed between cholesterol synthesis and plasma cholesterol concentration in the low-responders but in the high-responders, there is no relationship between the parameters. From these correlations we conclude that the higher cholesterol absorption in the high-responders than in the low-responders is one important mechanism responsible for the development of severe hypercholesterolemia in the high-responding monkeys fed cholesterol. The results also suggest that there might be a lower sensitivity in the feedback inhibition mechanism of cholesterol biosynthesis in the high-responding than in the low-responding rhesus monkeys.
A comparison of estimates of protein intake and urine nitrogen excretion may reveal something of the strengths and weaknesses of the dietary survey method used. To this end we have compared the protein intake calculated from a 3-day diary with 24 hr urinary nitrogen excretion in 124 children with diabetes mellitus. A positive correlation was found between these measures although this became non-significant when the boys and girls were considered separately and height, weight and age were taken into account. We conclude that the estimates of mean protein intake of the whole group was satisfactory but that of some individuals may have been poor.
In 1979-1980 a duplicate diet study of 131 infants was carried out in Glasgow where the water was plumbosolvent and water lead levels were known to be often above 100 micrograms/l. The main aim of the study was to establish the form of the relationship between water lead, dietary lead and blood lead in infants. The study was designed so that there was a balanced number of measurements over a wide range of lead intakes. Blood lead concentrations of the mothers were measured as well as those of the infants. Results from the study showed that high values of lead in water, diet and blood were closely associated with each other. Blood lead concentrations appeared to have non-linear (cube root) relationships with water lead concentrations and dietary intakes of lead, with steadily smaller increases in blood lead as amounts or concentrations of ingested lead increased. However, infants who were wholly breast fed showed a much weaker effect of water lead on blood lead. Some diets had much higher lead concentrations than the water lead concentration would have suggested because they had been made up with water from the hot tap (rather than the kitchen cold water tap).
The cross sectional relationship between blood pressure and current calcium intake was examined in 199 white women aged 46-66 yr with no history of hypertension. Calcium intake was assessed from 3-day food logs and from elemental calcium composition of the reported calcium supplement. No significant correlation between calcium intake and blood pressure was detected even after controlling for other known risk factors for hypertension. In logistic regression analysis, the relative risk of having a systolic blood pressure greater than or equal to 130 mmHg, or a diastolic blood pressure greater than or equal to 90 mmHg according to calcium intake, was not significantly different from 1.0. These data suggest that dietary manipulation of calcium intake may not be beneficial in the prevention or treatment of hypertension in older women.
The hypothesis that dietary calcium (dCa) alters functional properties of aortic smooth muscle in the spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHR) was tested. At 6 wk of age, Wistar Kyoto (WKY) and (SHR) rats were placed on a control diet containing 1% Ca. The experimental SHR group received a 2%-calcium diet. After an average of either 8 or 15 wk on the diets (WOD), aortic rings were prepared for measurement of passive elastic properties and isometric force development. Differences in blood pressure (BP) were not apparent until after 8 WOD when the BP of SHRs on 2% dCa were 10-15 mmHg lower than SHRs on 1% dCa (P less than 0.05). After 8 WOD, when the BP effect first emerged, no significant differences in aortic properties were observed between the SHR groups. However, after 15 WOD, aortas of SHRs on 2% dCa were more compliant than those of SHRs on 1% dCa and between 8 and 15 WOD the sensitivity to KCl decreased in aortas from the WKY group and the SHRs on 2% dCa, but not the SHR-1% dCa group (mean effective dose went from 14.4 +/- 0.4 to 18.5 +/- 0.9 mM for WKY and from 13.6 +/- 0.6 to 17.1 +/- 1.2 mM for SHRs on 2% dCa, P less than 0.05). In addition, between 8 and 15 WOD, a significant decrease in response to a calcium (Ca2+) challenge after removal of K+ and Ca2+ occurred in aortas of the SHRs on 2% dCa, but not in the control diet groups, indicating that a decrease in aortic reactivity was present in the Ca2+-supplemented SHR.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The effects of dietary sulfur-containing amino acids and glycine on plasma cholesterol level were studied in rats fed amino acid mixture diets containing cholesterol. The relationship between the amino acid composition of dietary proteins and plasma cholesterol levels was also investigated in rats fed diets containing various kinds of protein such as casein, egg albumin, pork protein, fish protein, corn gluten, wheat gluten and soy protein. Feeding the amino acid mixture corresponding to casein led to an approximately two-fold level of plasma total cholesterol as compared with feeding the amino acid mixture corresponding to wheat gluten. It was possible to reduce the plasma cholesterol of rats fed the amino acid mixture of the casein type by increasing the proportion of cystine in the total sulfur amino acids. Inversely, the deprivation of cystine resulted in an enhancement of the plasma cholesterol of rats fed the gluten type amino acid mixture. Glycine had a tendency to resist increases in the plasma cholesterol level. A significant negative correlation was noted between plasma cholesterol levels and the content of cystine in intact dietary proteins. The results suggest that the differential effect of dietary proteins on plasma cholesterol level is mainly associated with sulfur-containing amino acids included in the protein, regardless of whether it is of animal or plant origin.
Thirty middle-aged, moderately obese men with untreated mild hypertension were allocated to two groups of 15 men each. Both groups were placed on energy-reduced diets (5.1 MJ/day) for 9-11 weeks which resulted in similar losses of body mass (8.5 kg). In group I the low energy diet was supplemented with sodium chloride leading to no change in urinary sodium excretion. During dieting there were significant reductions of plasma renin activity (PRA) and urinary excretion of noradrenaline and aldosterone. Heart rate but not mean arterial pressure (MAP) decreased significantly. Then followed a period of sodium restriction which resulted in a significant decrease in MAP and an increase in aldosterone excretion. In group II there was a reduction of sodium intake by about 80 mmol as judged from determinations of urinary sodium excretion. In this group the energy restriction was not accompanied by any changes in PRA or urinary excretion of aldosterone, whereas urinary noradrenaline excretion, heart rate and MAP decreased significantly. Urinary adrenaline excretion remained unchanged. It is concluded that the hypotensive response to moderate energy and sodium reduction cannot be explained by changes in the renin-aldosterone. system.
The relationship was examined in 459 male London Civil Servants between the casual lying systolic and diastolic (phase V) blood pressures measured in the clinic, and 24-hr urinary sodium and potassium excretion collected an average of 6 weeks later. Systolic and diastolic pressures, after adjusting for age and weight, were both negatively associated with the 24 hr potassium excretion (r = -0.17 [p less than 0.001, 95% confidence limits -0.07, -0.27) and r = -0.11 (p less than 0.05, 95% CL 0.00, -0.21) for systolic and diastolic pressure respectively]. Adjusted systolic but not diastolic pressure was also negatively associated with plasma potassium estimated at the time of blood pressure measurement (r = -0.15, p less than 0.001, 95% CL -0.06, -0.24). In 159 female London Civil Servants both systolic and diastolic pressures were negatively correlated with plasma potassium. However, there was no evidence for a negative relationship between urinary potassium excretion and blood pressure in women. Urinary sodium excretion was not related to blood pressure either in men or women. Blood pressure was also measured by the subjects at home over a one week period during which time the urine collection was made. There was no evidence for an association between blood pressure measured at home 6 weeks after the time of drawing blood, and plasma sodium. On the other hand, in men, the negative relationship between blood pressure and urinary potassium excretion was consistent and independent of the time and place of measuring blood pressure. This is consistent with a true effect of diet, a low potassium intake being associated with an increased blood pressure.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Dietary copper intake as well as plasma copper levels were assessed in a group of pregnant Nigerian women during the third trimester of pregnancy. Intake of zinc, protein and energy was also measured. Dietary intake was assessed by cumulative 24-hour recalls while plasma copper was assessed by atomic absorption spectrophotometry. Dietary copper levels were relatively lower than those documented in the literature for other physiological groups. The intake of other nutrients was below recommended dietary allowances. When corrected for the effect of gestation and maternal age, one-way analysis of variance showed that plasma copper varied with the level of dietary copper intake. Correlation analysis seems to suggest that the influence of dietary copper on plasma levels during pregnancy is partially dependent on the relative amounts of copper and zinc as represented by the copper:zinc ratio in the diets consumed.
The plasma concentrations of prolactin (PRL) were measured throughout the reproductive cycle of turkey hens. Plasma PRL levels increased during egg laying from 20.1 +/- 3.9 ng/ml (means +/- SEM) at the first oviposition to 55.6 +/- 5.1 ng/ml at the last oviposition. Levels of PRL increased during incubation and were maintained between 70 and 90 ng/ml. After the poults were hatched, the concentration of PRL decreased rapidly and by 7 days after hatch, PRL levels were not significantly different from those observed before egg laying. The consumption of feed and water decreased significantly (P less than .05) during incubation to less than 10% of that observed during egg laying. The intake of feed and water increased rapidly after the poults were hatched. Hens lost 17% of their body weight during the incubation period. The concentration of D-(-)-3-hydroxybutyrate (DBHB) increased 16-fold during the incubation period and decreased rapidly after the poults were hatched. Body temperature and the concentration of glucose were significantly (P less than .05) depressed during incubation. Hematocrit increased significantly (P less than .05) during the transition from egg laying to incubation. These data suggest that the changes in the concentration of PRL may be related to the large changes in intermediary and water metabolism that occur during broodiness.
Coronary artery disease remains rare in rural Africans. The survey reported here was conducted in order to investigate nutritional factors that might be responsible for this. The nutritional status, dietary intake and plasma lipoprotein concentrations of a representative sample (42 men, 60 women) of the inhabitants of a rural district in Zululand, South Africa, were measured. Results demonstrated that whilst men were generally underweight (ie, 20 per cent below 80 per cent of ideal body weight), women were commonly obese (20 per cent were over 140 per cent of ideal). The major dietary component was refined commercial maize-meal with infrequent intakes of animal and dairy products. Dietary fibre intake was consequently low (approximately 10 g/d). Low plasma cholesterol concentrations were found in 67 per cent of men and 42 per cent of women. High density lipoprotein (HDL) concentrations were generally lower than quoted 'desirable' levels. The results of our survey suggest that the low incidence of ischaemic heart disease (IHD) in rural Africans is associated with a diet low in cholesterol but often excessive in carbohydrate, resulting in obesity. HDL concentration and dietary fibre intake were low and therefore could not be invoked as 'protective'. The possibility of genetic resistance to IHD remains.
Serum gamma-glutamyl transferase was analyzed in 669 pregnant women. They were interviewed with special emphasis on their consumption of alcohol during the first trimester. Thirteen percent admitted a consumption of greater than 30 gm of pure alcohol per day, and 3%, greater than 125 gm per day. One child with a complete fetal alcohol syndrome and one with a partial one were born to mothers with a high consumption of alcohol and elevated serum gamma-glutamyl transferase. The ninety-fifth percentile for serum gamma-glutamyl transferase in women classified as low consumers (less than 30 gm of alcohol per day) was 0.44 mukat/L. With this 95% specificity level used as a cutoff, the sensitivity of the serum gamma-glutamyl transferase test in identifying those who consumed more than 30 gm of alcohol per day was 25%. The conclusion was that screening based on analyses of serum gamma-glutamyl transferase is not to be recommended for routine use in prenatal care.
In 41 patients with alcoholic liver disease, antibodies to 12 common Escherichia coli O antigens (expressed as number of O antibody reactions with an agglutination titre of greater than or equal to 40) and to immunoglobulins IgG, IgA, and IgM were studied for 8 weeks. In 18 patients (8 with cirrhosis, 10 with fatty liver) who continued drinking during this period no significant changes were found. In 23 patients (11 with cirrhosis, 12 with fatty liver) who stopped or reduced drinking, a significant decrease in the levels of E. coli O antibodies and IgA was found (p less than 0.05 and p less than 0.01, respectively). In these 41 patients and in an additional 43 patients with alcoholic liver disease the amount of E. coli O antibodies was compared with type of histological lesion. The levels of E. coli O antibodies were significantly higher in cirrhosis with alcoholic hepatitis (22 cases) than in cirrhosis without alcoholic hepatitis (17 cases) (p less than 0.05). In these 17 patients antibody levels were significantly higher than in 41 patients with fatty liver without alcoholic hepatitis (p less than 0.02). In all patients a significant correlation between the number of positive reactions to E. coli O antigens and serum IgA concentration was found (p less than 0.01). No microbes were cultured from the liver biopsies, and no E. coli O antigens were demonstrated in the liver tissue by immunohistochemistry. Our results support the hypothesis that the high levels of E. coli O antibodies in alcoholic liver diseases are due to failure of the liver to extract circulating antigens and gut-derived endotoxins.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Urinary excretion levels of N-methylhistidine derivatives and N-methylhistidine/creatinine ratios were studied in a group of 20 small for date newborns, 10 premature infants and 8 normal infants, at birth and at one week of life. All infants were fed with an adapted milk formula supplying 2.8 g protein/kg body weight. 1-methyl and 3-methylhistidine urinary excretion were increased in all groups of infants from birth to the 7th day of life. Creatinine and N-methyl derivatives/creatinine ratios were also significantly increased at one week of life. The two ratios showed a higher level in small for date and premature infants than in normal infants at birth which continued relatively increased at one week of life. 3-methyl-histidine/creatinine ratio appears as a useful indicator of the turnover rate of muscular proteins in low-birth-weight infants.
The fatty acid composition of the diet, measured by means of a two-day record, was compared with the fatty acid composition of subcutaneous body fat in 321 free-living adults. In spite of the known imprecision of dietary survey methods, highly significant correlations (r = 0.5) were found between the polyunsaturated fatty acid content or the polyunsaturated-to-saturated fatty acid ratio of the adipose tissue and the corresponding variable in the diet. It was estimated that complete elimination of the noise inherent in the measurement of an individual's fatty acid intake might have resulted in correlation coefficients of the order of 0.8. Analysis of subcutaneous fat biopsies merits consideration as a simple and reproducible measure of the dietary fatty acid composition of free-living individuals.
Sexually active women with colposcopically directed, biopsy-proved cervical intraepithelial neoplasia were matched with normal control subjects with regard to age, race, and socioeconomic status, in order to determine if dietary and serum vitamin A (retinol) levels can be considered one of the contributing risk factors for the development of this disease process. An evaluation of women in the group with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia statistically showed lower levels of serum vitamin A (p = 0.1), although, dietary profiles of both groups did not yield a statistically significant difference (p = 0.7). These results suggest that low serum levels of vitamin A may be associated with the development of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia.
During 4 weeks 37 normotensive 50-year-old men identified by screening in a random population sample were given 12 g of NaCl daily, in addition to their usual dietary sodium intake. Blood pressure, heart rate, weight, urinary excretion of sodium, potassium and catecholamines, plasma aldosterone and noradrenaline and intra-erythrocyte sodium content were determined on normal and increased salt intake. The subjects were divided into those with a positive family history of hypertension (n = 11) and those without such a history (n = 26). Systolic blood pressure and weight increased significantly irrespective of a positive family history of hypertension. On normal salt intake intra-erythrocyte sodium content was significantly higher in those with a positive family history of hypertension. During high salt intake intra-erythrocyte sodium content decreased significantly in that group and the difference between the hereditary subgroups was no longer significant. In the whole group urinary excretion of noradrenaline, adrenaline and dopamine increased whereas plasma aldosterone decreased during the increased salt intake. Thus, in contrast to some earlier studies performed in young subjects, our results indicate that moderately increased sodium intake acts as a pressor agent in normotensive middle-aged men whether there was a positive family history of hypertension or not. We confirm that men with positive family history of hypertension have an increased intra-erythrocyte sodium content, and that an increase in salt intake seems to increase overall sympathetic activity.
This study was designed to obtain information on normal dietary intake and serum levels of choline in a healthy elderly population and to observe the relationship between blood levels of choline and cognitive function. Two hundred fifty-eight healthy volunteers with a mean age of 72 years were recruited, and blood samples and dietary histories were obtained. All subjects were ambulatory, living at home, free of serious medical illnesses, and taking no prescription medications. Cognitive abilities were assessed by the Halstead Category Test, a nonverbal test measuring abstract thinking, and the Wechsler Memory Scale, using the multiple scoring method, which measures both long- and short-term memory. The mean value for serum choline was 13.16 micron with a standard deviation of 3.31. Serum choline levels were found to increase with age, but no difference was found between serum choline levels for men and women. There was no association between dietary intake and serum choline levels, nor could a relationship be found between serum choline levels and cognitive function.
A study was made of the relation of brain blood flow and oxygen consumption to changes in perfusion flow rate during cardiopulmonary bypass at 20 degrees C in nine cynomolgus monkeys. Four perfusion flow rates varying from 0.25 to 1.75 L X min-1 X m-2 were randomly instituted, each for a 10 minute period. At the end of each period, brain arteriovenous oxygen content difference was measured and 15 mu radioactive microspheres were injected into the arterial perfusion line. The brain was then removed and section into anatomic regions and radioactivity was counted. Regional and total brain blood flows were calculated, as was whole brain oxygen consumption. Brain perfusion continued in all areas at all perfusion flow rates. Whole brain blood flow decreased (p less than 0.0001) as perfusion flow rate was reduced (45 +/- 6.5, 41 +/- 7.9, and 23 +/- 2.8 ml X min-1 X 100 gm-1 at 1.5, 1.0, and 0.5 L X min-1 X m-2, respectively). The proportion of the total perfusion delivered to the brain increased (p = 0.003) with decreasing perfusion flow rates (5.4% +/- 0.78%, 7.1% +/- 1.24%, and 8.2% +/- 1.11% at 1.5, 1.0, and 0.5 L X min-1 X m-2, respectively). Brain blood flow resistance remained unchanged (p = 0.4) while that of the remaining body increased (p less than 0.0001). There was a greater reduction of blood flow in the cortical white matter (p = 0.01) than in other regions of the brain. Brain oxygen consumption was the same (p = 0.5) at all perfusion flow rates, related to an increasing percent oxygen extraction with decreasing perfusion flow rate (p less than 0.0001). The data indicate that all areas of the brain remain perfused, even at low perfusion flow rates, during profoundly hypothermic cardiopulmonary bypass, and that brain oxygen consumption is maintained in part by increased oxygen extraction and in part by redistribution of the perfusate from the remaining body to the brain.
A total of 164 premenopausal female subjects were randomly selected for evaluation from a much larger pool of volunteers. The relationships between blood lipid and lipoprotein levels as dependent variables and cigarette smoking, physical activity, and alcohol consumption were determined from partial regression coefficients. A lower HDL-C level (10.1 mg/dL) was seen in smokers v nonsmokers. For each ounce of alcohol consumed, HDL-C level was higher by 2.8 mg/dL, and greater physical activity was associated with a higher HDL-C level of 8.6 mg/dL. An analysis of covariance with covariance adjustments for age and body fat revealed that smokers who regularly exercise or consume alcohol had significantly lower HDL-C levels than nonsmokers with similar habits. Subjects who both exercise and consume alcohol demonstrated higher HDL-C levels than those who indulge in one or the other separately. Results suggest that cigarette smoking may attenuate the effects of chronic exercise or alcohol consumption, or of both, to raise HDL-C levels. Also, chronic exercise and alcohol consumption may exert an additive effect, raising HDL-C level.
The effects of feeding sow colostrum on oxygen consumption (VO2), heat production (HP), respiratory quotient (RQ) and rectal temperature (RT) were examined in 26 newborn piglets in a thermoneutral (32 degrees C) and in a cold (18 degrees C) environment. Colostrum (32 g/kg body weight) was given by gavage at 3 h of age. A control group received a similar amount of saline. VO2, HP, RQ and RT were measured for approximately 1 h prior to force-feeding and 2 h after feeding. The response of plasma glucose to ingestion of colostrum or saline was recorded in 18 additional piglets kept at 32 or 18 degrees C. The effects of feeding saline on all parameters studied were not significant (p greater than 0.10). Ingestion of colostrum was followed at both temperatures by a marked rise (p less than 0.05) in VO2 and RT. The responses of VO2 were curvilinear (p less than 0.05) with the maximum rise occurring in both treatments within 30 min after colostrum administration and amounting (% of prefeeding values) to 45 +/- 7 and 16 +/- 2% at 32 and 18 degrees C, respectively. The rises in VO2 persisted for more than 1 h postfeeding. The heat increment associated with feeding colostrum was lower (p less than 0.05) at 18 than at 32 degrees C. Nonsignificant transient increases in RQ were observed. Prefeeding plasma glucose was higher (p less than 0.05) at 18 than at 32 degrees C.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The 24-hour dietary intake and blood pressure of 1928 black and 9739 white adults derived from the data sets of the first US National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES I) of 1971-1974 were analyzed. Contrary to expectation, the absolute and relative intakes of sodium and potassium in blacks were less than those of whites. However, because the difference in potassium was greater than the difference in sodium, blacks did have a significantly higher sodium/potassium ratio than whites. Blacks had significantly higher blood pressure than whites even when adjusted for differences in sodium/potassium ratio. It is concluded that the higher blood pressure and prevalence of hypertension in blacks does not appear to be a function of an absolutely greater dietary sodium intake, but related to a relatively low intake of potassium. It is possible that blacks have a greater sensitivity than whites to the hypertensinogenic effects of sodium which, coupled with the relatively low dietary intake of potassium, accounts for their increased blood pressure.
Using a reliable and reproducible microelectrode technique, consistent simultaneous measurements of local spinal cord blood flow (SCBF), tissue oxygen tension, and tissue oxygen consumption were made at cervical, thoracic, and lumbar levels in the rat spinal cord. These observations showed that the metabolic state is maintained constant along the cord, despite significant variations in vasculature. The physiological and anatomical aspects of these findings are discussed.
Amounts of the sulfur-containing amino acids methionine and cysteine in synthetic diets were decreased from 22.8 mmol methionine (= 100 Met) and 26.4 mmol cysteine (= 100 Cys) per kilogram diet in the control group to (Met/Cys) 100:0, 75:0, 50:0, 25:0 and 25:25, respectively, in experimental diet groups, in order to evaluate effects of limiting sulfur supply on the availability of cosubstrates for conjugation. Below a Met level of 22.8 mmol/kg growth rates decreased. Urinary excretion of inorganic sulfate decreased to 10-20% of control values in all groups. Feeding diets 100:0 and 75:0 for 14 days resulted in a decrease of the concentration of inorganic sulfate in serum; on diets 25:25 and 25:0 an increase was found. A decreased content of methionine/cysteine resulted in an increase in cystine, a decrease in taurine and no change in methionine concentration in serum. In all experimental groups the glutathione concentration in the liver diminished to about 20% of control values, and the hepatic concentration of "active sulfate" (PAPS: adenosine 3'-phosphate 5'-phosphosulfate) decreased in most rats. At the lowest methionine supply, sulfate conjugation of acetaminophen decreased to 50% of control. The formation of the acetaminophen glutathione conjugate remained unaffected, in spite of a decreased hepatic glutathione availability.
Neurotoxic effects of habitual alcohol consumption were investigated by correlating the subjects' estimates of abstinence or frequency and amount of alcohol consumed with measurements of gray matter blood flow utilizing the 133Xe inhalation method. Two hundred and twenty-two subjects were studied, including 136 healthy subjects, 82 subjects with well-established risk factors for stroke (hypertension, hyperlipidemia, heart disease, and diabetes mellitus), and four subjects with chronic alcoholic dementia of the Wernicke-Korsakoff type. Subjects were classified according to average quantitative amounts of alcohol consumed per day, week, or month for the past five years. Comparisons of mean values for hemispheric gray matter blood flow indicated significant inverse relationships with the average amounts of alcohol consumed. This linear relationship occurred regardless of whether or not other risk factors were present and indicated that alcohol itself was a risk factor reducing gray matter blood flow and had additive effects of reducing cerebral blood flow further when combined with other risk factors. Patients who had chronic Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome had the most severely reduced blood flow levels, as might be predicted from extrapolation of the regression line comparing cerebral blood flow values with the degree of chronic alcohol consumption.
Twenty-four adult Merino wethers were given mouse epidermal growth factor (mEGF) subcutaneously at doses ranging from 0.02 to 0.12 mg/kg body weight or intravenously in the dose range 0.10 to 0.14 mg/kg body weight for periods ranging from 3 to 48 h. Plasma concentrations of mEGF were measured by radioimmunoassay and effects of treatment on food consumption and wool growth were observed. Plasma concentrations of the protein sustained for 15-24 h at about 20 ng mEGF/ml (or exceeding this) almost invariably caused feed rejection and casting of the fleeces. This last result clearly indicated disruption of proliferative activity among the replicating cells in wool follicles which regulate wool growth. The inhibitory effects on appetite and wool growth of smaller doses of the protein and of plasma concentrations equal to those above which were sustained for shorter periods have also been examined. Approximately 10% of the dose of mEGF appeared in the urine of three sheep 1 to 3 days after the start of s.c. infusions of 5 mg for 7 h.
The effects of Eimeria maxima or restricted pair-feeding on weight gain, plasma concentrations of protein, glucose, free fatty acids (FFA) and uric acid and liver glycogen were compared in immature fowl. Food intake/kg body weight and weight gain decreased during the acute phase of infection (days 5-7) while weight loss was prolonged for an extra day compared with pair-fed birds. During recovery, food intake/kg body weight of infected birds was greater than that of non-infected controls but there was no evidence for an increase in growth rate compared with controls when body weight was considered. Growth rate of pair-fed birds was greater than that of infected birds during recovery, indicating their better use of ingested food. Liver glycogen and plasma protein concentration were decreased during the acute phase of infection but the concentrations of plasma glucose, free fatty acid (FFA) and uric acid were not affected. In pair-fed birds liver glycogen was depleted, concentrations of plasma glucose and uric acid decreased and FFA increased, and these changes persisted for the remainder of the experiment. The findings are similar to those in birds whose food has been withheld and were probably due to the pattern of food intake imposed by the experimental protocol. It is concluded that the metabolic differences between infected and pair-fed birds are of doubtful significance.
At defined coronal sections, the surface area of infarcted tissue was measured 4 days after the occlusion of the middle artery in 11 cats. In groups of cats treated with ifenprodil (5.6 and 16.7 microgram/kg . min over 3 h. 5 min after the occlusion), the infarcted surface was significantly decreased. The topographic localization of the infarction was studied in control and treated cats. This established necrosis was correlated with measures of focal cerebral blood flow and glucose consumption 3.5 h after the middle cerebral artery occlusion. Grey matter blood flow was universally low in untreated cats, but in cats treated with ifenprodil (5.6 microgram/kg . min) cortical and caudate nucleus blood flow was 2-3 times greater, even in those regions that were later infarcted in the treated cats. Glucose consumption was similarly reduced in untreated cats but there was little difference between the control and drug-treated cats except in some areas where drug treatment appeared to further reduce the values for focal glucose consumption. These regions correlated with those in which infarction was later found in the cats treated with ifenprodil. It is hoped that such correlations between pathology. flow and metabolism could help the search for effective pharmacotherapy of cerebrovascular disease.
Different animal models have been used to study the relationship between oxygen consumption (VO2) and oxygen delivery (DO2) and each of them has its own specificity. The present study compared the models of balloon inflation in the inferior vena cava (BALL), tamponade (TAMP), and hemorrhage (HEM) to acutely reduce blood flow in pentobarbital-anesthetized dogs. The order of the procedures was randomized first, but HEM was irreversible so that HEM was applied as the third procedure (n = 10) or as a unique procedure (n = 4). Critical DO2 (DO2 crit) was determined as the intercept of two best fitted lines of regression of VO2 against DO2, but similar results were obtained when it was calculated from blood lactate or from arterio-venous differences in pH (AVpH) or PCO2 (VAPCO2). At DO2 crit, VO2 was 6.6 +/- .7 mL/min.kg in BALL, 6.2 +/- .6 mL/min.kg in TAMP and 6.0 +/- .7 mL/min.kg in HEM (p < .05 vs. BALL). DO2 crit was significantly greater with BALL (14.3 +/- 2.3 mL/min.kg) than with TAMP (10.2 +/- 1.7 mL/min.kg, p < .01 vs. BALL) or HEM (9.1 +/- 1.4 mL/min.kg, p < .01 vs. BALL). Also, critical oxygen extraction (EO2 crit) was significantly lower with BALL (46.5 +/- 4.8%) than with TAMP (62.1 +/- 11.5%, p < .01 vs. BALL) or HEM (66.8 +/- 11.4%, p < .01 vs. BALL, p < .05 vs. TAMP). The earlier onset of tissue hypoxia with BALL was probably related to the blood flow redistribution induced by this model.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Duplicate samples of the diet of vegetarian adults were analyzed to estimate the residues of dichloro-diphenyl-trichloroethane (DDT) and benzene hexachloride (BHC). The total food consumed by an adult per day was collected and categorized as fatty food, non-fatty food, water, and beverages. Fatty food was the main source of these chlorinated insecticides, and it contributed almost 50% of the total dietary intake. The average total DDT and BHC consumed by an adult were 19.24 micrograms/d and 77.15 micrograms/d, respectively. Blood DDT and BHC levels reflected intake (r = 0.685 for DDT; r = 0.515 for BHC).
Female F344/NCr rats were exposed continuously (7-84 days) or discontinuously (7 days exposure/21 days control diet or 28 days exposure/56 days control diet) to various dietary concentrations (1-100 ppm) of Aroclor 1254. There were dose- and time-dependent increases in PCB levels in liver, blood, and adipose tissue. Following removal of the rats from diet containing Aroclor 1254, there was a relatively rapid decrease in PCB levels, particularly in rats exposed to higher concentrations of Aroclor 1254. In parallel with the alterations in PCB levels observed, the rats showed striking dose- and time-dependent increases in hepatic levels of CYP1A1 and CYP1A2, as determined by various methods [RNA analysis, immunochemical detection, or measurement of the O-dealkylation of methoxyresorufin (CYP1A2) or ethoxyresorufin (CYP1A1)]. In rats removed from the Aroclor 1254 diet, catalytic activity for CYP1A1 as well as RNA levels for both CYP1A1 and CYP1A2 rapidly diminished. In contrast to the high levels of induction of CYP1A1 and CYP1A2 observed, limited induction (< 5-fold) of epoxide hydrolase, quinone oxidoreductase, and aldehyde dehydrogenase was detected, even in rats exposed to the highest concentration of Aroclor (100 ppm) for up to 84 days. Furthermore, induction of these non-CYP hepatic drug-metabolizing genes exhibited distinctly different concentration-response curves. The ratios of hepatic CYP1A1 activity to hepatic PCB burden were similar for rats exposed continuously to Aroclor in the diet for 7, 28, or 84 days, and for rats exposed discontinuously (7 days Aroclor/21 days control diet or 28 days Aroclor/56 days control diet). Thus, hepatic PCB levels alone appeared to be reasonably predictive of CYP1A1 levels under a variety of modes of exposure. When the ratio of CYP1A1 activity to adipose or blood PCB concentration was determined, similar ratios were observed for rats exposed continuously for 7, 28, or 84 days. However, lower ratios were observed for rats discontinuously exposed to Aroclor in the diet. These results have important implications with respect to: (a) employing PCB levels in various tissues to predict biological effects, and (b) determining different concentration-response curves for the various biological effects induced by PCBs.
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this trial was to study the use of terazosin in nonbacterial prostatitis/prostatodynia, and to evaluate a new symptom score sheet for this disease. METHODS: Twenty-five patients who presented with lower urinary tract symptoms suggestive of prostatitis were evaluated for evidence of bacterial infection by Meares-Stamey criteria and found to be negative. They were then treated with the alpha-blocking drug terazosin in doses from 1 to 10 mg. A symptom score index for prostatitis was developed, tested in these patients, and validated against patients with benign prostatic hyperplasia. Normal control patients, who presented for vasectomy, were studied as well. RESULTS: Nineteen patients (76%) responded to one month's therapy, with 11 (58%) remaining asymptomatic three months later. The symptom score index, as measured by Cronbach's alpha measure of index reliability, was excellent at 0.78 and logistic regression analysis demonstrated each prostatitis question to have independent validity (P < 0.001) but not to the extent of the combined score. CONCLUSIONS: Terazosin appears effective in treating patients with nonbacterial prostatitis/prostatodynia. This new symptom score is one way to evaluate and track patients with this disease. A randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial has been initiated to study this. 
The influence on blood pressure, glucose metabolism, and lipid levels of an exchange of polyunsaturated fatty acids with monounsaturated fatty acids in the diet was compared in 16 Type 2 diabetic outpatients. In a cross-over study design the patients were randomly assigned to 3 weeks treatments with a diet containing 30% energy as monounsaturated fatty acids, or an isoenergetic diet with 30% energy as polyunsaturated fatty acids. The contents of total fat, saturated fatty acids, cholesterol, and fibre were similar in the two diets. On the last days of the two diet periods, 24-h ambulatory blood pressure was measured and the responses of glucose, hormones, and lipids to a carbohydrate rich test meal were measured. As compared with the polyunsaturated fatty acids diet, the monounsaturated fatty acids diet reduced 24-h systolic (129 +/- 11 vs 124 +/- 8 mmHg (mean +/- SD), p = 0.02) and diastolic blood pressure (76 +/- 11 vs 73 +/- 8 mmHg, p = 0.02). The two diets had similar, beneficial effects on glycaemic control, and cholesterol and lipoprotein concentrations. A diet rich in monounsaturated fatty acids has beneficial effects on the blood pressure, while similar effects on glucose and lipid levels are observed in normotensive Type 2 diabetic subjects.
Levels of sodium benzoate in processed food from the Philippines and Japan were analyzed by high performance liquid chromatography. Results showed that of the 44 samples from the Philippines, 31 (70%) contained the compound. The samples with sodium benzoate included 19 juice, 6 softdrink and 6 soy sauce varieties. As for the Japanese products, only 8 (26%) out of 31 food items tested positive for sodium benzoate. The values of the compound in the Philippine samples ranged from 20 micrograms/ml to more than 2,000 micrograms/ml; the Japanese products showed a range of 50 to 200 micrograms/ml. Background urinary hippuric acid levels in 43 male Filipinos and 34 male Japanese with no occupational exposure to toluene were also measured using a high performance liquid chromatograph. Hippuric acid levels expressed as geometric means (SD) were 0.11 g/g creatinine (0.41) for the Filipino subjects and 0.09 g/g creatinine (0.39) for the Japanese subjects. No statistically significant difference in hippuric acid values in the 2 groups was noted. Possible explanations for the lack of any difference in background urinary hippuric acid levels between Filipino and Japanese subjects were discussed.
Micronutrients, such as beta-carotene and vitamins A and E, are potential chemopreventive agents; however, their concentrations in human target tissues are largely unknown. Because these micronutrients may exert their action at the site of target tissues, the tissue concentrations of the micronutrients need to be determined. In this cross-sectional study, we have measured the concentrations of seven carotenoids, two retinoids, and two tocopherols in paired plasma, buccal mucosal cells (BMC), and skin samples from 96 healthy subjects (ages 26-82 yrs). The plasma-tissue, as well as the diet-plasma and diet-tissue relationships of the micronutrients, and the impact of various potential confounders on the micronutrient concentrations were evaluated. The micronutrient concentrations of plasma and BMC used in the evaluation were the average of three measurements over a one-month period. Our data indicated that 1) the correlations between the plasma and BMC (Spearman r = 0.40-0.91, p < 0.05) and the plasma and skin (r = 0.24-0.75, p < 0.05) concentrations of most micronutrients were significant in all subjects, suggesting that the status of these micronutrients in the BMC and skin may be estimated from their plasma concentrations; 2) the correlations between the diet and plasma/tissue concentrations of the micronutrients were generally not as strong as the plasma-tissue relationships; the diet-plasma and diet-tissue relationships of the carotenoids were particularly poor in the smokers; 3) the plasma and tissue concentrations of most micronutrients were lower in smokers than in nonsmokers and higher in vitamin supplement users than in nonsupplement users; the differences remained significant after adjustment for age, gender, and diet intake estimates; 4) among the seven carotenoids examined, lycopene was unique, because its concentration was not lower in smokers or higher in supplement users but was inversely associated with age.
Rat cecal contents were static-cultured with three kinds of dietary fibers and examined for the production of short-chain fatty acids after 24h of cultivation. The total amount and molar ratio of acetate, propionate and butyrate (n = 8) were 7.20 +/- 0.62 mM and 38:19:43 with indigestible dextrin (ID), a low-viscosity, water-soluble dietary fiber, 10.88 +/- 0.46 mM and 49:5:46 with pectin (PE), a high-viscosity, water-soluble dietary fiber, and 1.83 +/- 0.19 mM and 64:11:25 with corn fiber (CF), a water-insoluble dietary fiber, respectively (the corresponding values obtained with glucose were 10.59 +/- 0.37 mM and 15:27:58). Next, rats were kept on a cholesterol- and bile acid-free high-sucrose diet. At the completion of the 8-week feeding period, the serum total-cholesterol levels were significantly lower, at 57.6 +/- 3.8 (n = 8), 63.2 +/- 4.67 (n = 7), and 77.8 +/- 3.7 mg/dl (n = 9), in the ID-, PE-, and CF-supplemented diet groups, respectively, than in the control group given no dietary fiber (92.7 +/- 3.8 mg/dl, n = 7). The cecal propionate production was significantly increased in both the ID and PE groups, while the fecal excretion of bile acids was increased in all three fiber groups compared to the control group. In addition, there was a significantly negative correlation between the serum total-cholesterol level and cecal propionate production in the ID group, between the serum cholesterol level and bile acid excretion in the CF group, and between the serum cholesterol level and cecal propionate production or bile acid excretion in the PE group. These results suggest that the degree of intestinal fermentation and bile acid excretion, which are considered to be associated with the hypocholesterolemic action of dietary fiber, varies with each kind of dietary fiber.
OBJECTIVE: To identify prognostic metabolic and hormonal markers for long-term weight loss outcome in obese women. DESIGN: Dietary intervention consisting of 36 weeks treatment by a 4.2 MJ/d low-fat high carbohydrate diet, and follow-up 2 1/2 years after termination of treatment. SETTING: Outpatient clinic in Copenhagen. SUBJECTS: Forty consecutive female obese patients aged 15 to 62 years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Weight loss. RESULTS: The maximum weight loss (mean 16.2 kg, 95% CI 14.2-18.2) was positively associated to pre-treatment 24-h energy expenditure (P < 0.01), fat oxidation (%) (P < 0.02), plasma dihydrotestosterone (DHT) (P < 0.01), and to postprandial noradrenaline concentration (P < 0.04). Together these factors could explain 41% of the variation in maximum weight loss. Only 24-h EE and DHT had predictive power on weight loss after 36 weeks. Weight losses in upper and lower tertiles of DHT concentrations were 17.7 kg (14.1-21.4) and 9.8 kg (6.2-13.3) (P < 0.02). The adjusted relative risk of losing < 10 kg in the upper compared to the lower DHT tertile was 12% (4-32%). At 2 1/2 y follow-up 21 patients had maintained some of the weight loss (54%), while 14 patients had maintained > 5 kg weight loss (36%). High levels of pre-treatment DHT were also associated with better weight loss at 2 1/2 y follow-up. CONCLUSION: The study suggests that in particular DHT, but also 24-h EE, fat oxidation, and plasma noradrenaline, may be prognostic markers for weight loss outcome in obese women. 
We compared the plasma fatty acid (FA) composition of the habitual diet, measured by a 66-item semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ), with the corresponding plasma phospholipid and cholesterol ester (CE) FA composition measured by gas chromatography in 3570 free-living, middle-aged adults. Pearson correlations between dietary and plasma FA (expressed as % of total FAs) for phospholipid and CE, respectively, were as follows: saturated FA (r = 0.15 and 0.23), monounsaturated FA (r = 0.05 and 0.01), polyunsaturated FA (r = 0.25, 0.31), linoleic acid (r = 0.22 and 0.28), linolenic acid (r = 0.15 and 0.21), eicosapentaenoic acid (r = 0.20 and 0.23), and docosahexaenoic acid (r = 0.42 and 0.42). The correlations between diet and plasma FAs held relatively constant regardless of whether participants were overweight, had chronic diseases, were alcohol drinkers, or were cigarette smokers. However, at similar reported dietary intakes, the plasma lipid concentration of saturated FAs was higher and/or that of linoleic acid was lower in people with these characteristics compared with those without these characteristics.
The associations of serum lipoproteins and habitual diet to factor VII coagulant activity (FVIIc) were analysed in 119 middle-aged men. FVIIc was measured by one-stage clotting assay, cholesterol and triglycerides enzymatically, serum apolipoproteins (apo) immunoturbidimetrically and habitual diet using four-day food records. ApoB, cholesterol, triglycerides, apoA-II, LDL cholesterol and dietary fat correlated directly to FVIIc (p < 0.001). In multivariate analysis apoB, dietary fat and apoA-II explained 35.3% of the variance in FVIIc. In the lowest apoB tertile FVIIc was increased only when fat intake was high (> 38 E%), in the middle tertile FVIIc increased gradually from low to high fat intake, whereas in the highest apoB tertile FVIIc was not related to dietary fat (p = 0.038 for age-adjusted interaction). The present data demonstrate a direct relation between apoB and FVIIc in middle-aged men. Low fat diet seem to associate to decreased FVIIc especially in subjects in the lower end of the apoB distribution.
We analyzed CK and CK-MB levels over 24 h in 15 male subjects admitted for alcohol detoxification following recent heavy ingestion. None had clinical or electrocardiographic evidence of myocardial ischemia or infarction. The mean 0-hour serum alcohol level +/- SD was 342 +/- 101 mg/dl. CK levels were measured by Kodak Ektachem and Abbott IMx assays, and CK-MB levels were determined by these assays and the Hybritech isoenzyme test. In 36% of the patients elevated 0-hour CK levels by the IMx and Ektachem assays were observed. The CK levels measured every 8 h decreased so that by 24 h CK was elevated in 1 patient by the Ektachem assay and in 2 by the IMx assay. Only 1 patient (7%) had an elevated 0-hour CK-MB value by two of the three assays, and it is unclear whether the source was cardiac or extracardiac. We conclude that: (1) elevated CK levels are common in heavy alcohol use patients without evidence of myocardial ischemia; (2) CK values over the first 24 h are decremental, not rising and falling as is typical of myocardial infarction and (3) current isoenzyme immunoassays eliminate a cardiac cause for elevated CK in most of these patients. These findings may assist in the evaluation of alcoholic patients with chest pain.
The objective of this study was to examine the relationship of usual current alcohol intake with systolic and diastolic pressures among young adults. Participants were 316 men and women, aged 18 to 26 years, from East Boston, Mass. At each of three weekly visits we obtained three blood pressure measurements on each subject using a random-zero sphygmomanometer. Using an interviewer-administered questionnaire, we obtained information about quantity and frequency of alcohol intake during the previous month. The lowest systolic pressure levels were in subjects consuming 1 to < 2 drinks per day. Adjusted for age, sex, and body mass index, systolic pressure was higher by 4.0 mm Hg (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.5 to 7.6 mm Hg) in abstainers, 3.6 mm Hg (95% CI, 0.5 to 6.6 mm Hg) in those who drank < 1 drink per day, 0.4 mm Hg (95% CI, -4.7 to 5.5 mm Hg) in those who drank 2 to < 3 drinks per day, and 8.1 mm Hg (95% CI, 2.9 to 13.4 mm Hg) in those who drank > or = 3 drinks per day. Levels of diastolic pressure were lowest in those consuming 2 to < 3 drinks per day. Adjustment for pulse rate, smoking, medication use, and family history of hypertension did not alter the results. These results suggest a J-shaped association of alcohol intake with blood pressure level in young adults, with the lowest levels in consumers of 1 to 3 drinks per day.
It is well established that marine n-3 fatty acids measured in erythrocyte phospholipids of non-pregnant subjects reflect the subjects' intake of these fatty acids. In 135 pregnant women in the 30th week of gestation we compared intake of marine n-3 fatty acids and energy, estimated by a combined dietary self-administered questionnaire and interview, with fatty acids measured in erythrocyte phospholipids. Daily intake (g/d) and nutrient density of marine n-3 fatty acids (mg/MJ) correlated with the n-3 fatty acid: arachidonic acid ratio (FA-ratio) with correlation coefficients of 0.48 and 0.54 respectively. In a linear regression model with three frequency questions about marine sandwiches, marine cooked meals and fish oil as explanatory variables, and the FA-ratio as dependent variable, the multiple correlation coefficient was 0.46. Conclusions from the study were (1) levels of erythrocyte fatty acids in pregnant women may be employed as a qualitative method to rank subjects according to intake of marine n-3 fatty acids; (2) with respect to the power to explain FA-ratio variability, three simple marine food frequency questions were comparable with intake of marine n-3 fatty acids assessed by an elaborate semiquantitative dietary method involving an interview.
Since the type of fat consumed in the diet may play a role in the development of several disorders, it is important to ascertain the effects of different dietary fats upon parameters such as serum lipid levels and adipose deposition. The aim of this study was to determine the effects of feeding rats a range of fats with differing fatty acid compositions. Weanling male rats were fed for 10 weeks on a low fat (LF) diet or on one of five high fat diets, which contained 20% by weight of either hydrogenated coconut oil (HCO), olive oil (OO), safflower oil (SO), evening primrose oil (EPO) or menhaden (fish) oil (MO). Food intake, animal growth, tissue weights at sacrifice, serum and liver lipid concentrations and serum, heart, brain and adipose tissue fatty acid compositions were studied. The food intake of the LF-fed animals was greater than that of animals fed on the high fat diets; there were no differences in food intake between animals fed the high fat diets. The total energy intake was lower for animals fed on the HCO diet than for those fed on the LF, OO, EPO or MO diets; there were no other differences in energy intake between the groups. Animals fed the different diets had almost identical rates of weight gain up to 5 weeks; after this period of rapid growth, the increase in weight was slower in all groups but especially in the LF-fed animals. The LF-fed rats had a lower total weight gain and smaller final weights than rats fed on the high fat diets. Animals fed on the MO diet had a greater weight gain than those fed on the OO or EPO diets and their final weights were greater. The MO diet resulted in greatly increased liver weight compared with each of the other diets. The HCO, OO and EPO diets also increased liver weight compared with the LF diet. The total lipid content of the livers from rats fed the high fat diets was greater than that of those from rats fed the LF diet; the livers from animals fed the MO diet contained more lipid than those from animals fed each of the other diets. MO feeding increased the free cholesterol, cholesterol ester and triacylglycerol contents of the liver.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
The vitamin status of a representative population sample in a French district in the Paris area was assessed using a biochemical and dietary approach. Complete data were obtained for 1039 subjects 6 to 97 years old. Dietary intakes of most vitamins increased up to adolescence and then remained stable or decreased slightly in adult life. Total vitamin intakes were higher in men than in women (except for ascorbic acid), but the vitamin density of the diet was higher in females. Most subjects presented dietary intakes below the French recommended allowances for vitamin B1, B6, C, A and E. A variation in biochemical parameters according to age and sex was observed only for serum concentration of retinol, beta-carotene, vitamin E and C. Multiple regression analysis showed that dietary vitamin intakes were related to the biological status for vitamin B2, B6, C, folates, beta-carotene and vitamin E. Tobacco smoking, alcohol consumption and oral contraceptive were significantly correlated with biological status for several vitamins. While biochemical evidence of severe vitamin deficiency was not observed, a sizeable minority of the French population is not lavishly supplied with some vitamins, and this situation deserves investigation to see if any deleterious effects are associated with it.
The positive association between alcohol consumption and blood pressure is well known. Little is known, however, about effect modification by age, gender, and smoking on the alcohol-blood pressure association. We used data of a cross-sectional study conducted in the Netherlands to investigate the association between alcohol consumption and blood pressure. Between 1987 and 1990, we examined about 30,000 men and women age 20-59 years. After adjustment for age, body mass index, and smoking, we found that in men systolic and diastolic blood pressure increased by 0.9 and 0.6 mmHg per daily drink, respectively. In women, systolic and diastolic blood pressure were 2 and 1 mmHg higher in those who consumed 2 or more glasses per day compared with nondrinkers, respectively. We observed a stronger association between alcohol and blood pressure in older men compared with younger men and in male and female smokers compared with nonsmokers. These data show that gender, age, and smoking all are important effect modifiers of the alcohol-blood pressure relation.
The patterns of fatty acids maintained in human tissues reflect the dietary abundances of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids and the selectivities of the various lipid-metabolizing enzymes and transport systems in tissues. Similar selectivities for enzymes of mice, rats, and humans permit data from all three to be used in predicting average long-term tissue responses to different diets. The participation of the highly unsaturated fatty acids arachidonate (an n-6 acid) and eicosapentaenoate (an n-3 acid) in chronic pathophysiological events gives importance to predicting their tissue abundance. The average proportions in tissue phospholipids are hyperbolically related to dietary supplies of their precursors linoleate (18:2n-6) and linolenate (18:3n-3). In contrast, the precursors are maintained in tissue triacylglycerols in a linear relation to their average dietary supply.
For an evaluation of fat-soluble vitamin concentrations in adipose tissue as biomarkers of intake, estimates of usual intake of beta-carotene, total vitamin A, and vitamin E (assessed by food frequency questionnaire) were compared with plasma and adipose tissue concentrations of beta-carotene, retinol, and alpha-tocopherol, respectively. Data were collected in 1992 in the Netherlands for 85 healthy, nonsmoking volunteers aged 50-70 years (38 males and 47 females). For alpha-tocopherol, a significant age- and sex-adjusted partial correlation (r = 0.24, p < 0.05) was observed between adipose tissue levels and intake. For beta-carotene, the partial r was 0.20. Adipose tissue retinol did not reflect intake (partial r = 0.08). Correlations of adipose tissue vitamin levels with plasma vitamin levels were higher overall (r = 0.34 for alpha-tocopherol, r = 0.56 for beta-carotene, and r = 0.17 for retinol) than correlations with intake. Plasma concentrations of alpha-tocopherol, beta-carotene, and retinol were not associated with dietary intake (partial r's were 0.05, 0.17, and -0.12, respectively). Pearson correlations of repeated measurements in adipose tissue (after 4 months) were 0.24 for retinol, 0.50 for beta-carotene, and 0.78 for alpha-tocopherol. Adipose tissue beta-carotene was shown to increase sixfold after 6 months' supplementation with 30 mg of beta-carotene daily. It is concluded that adipose tissue vitamin concentrations are an acceptable alternative to plasma levels as relatively stable indicators of dietary intake. However, both plasma and adipose tissue levels are more useful as markers of internal dose, taking into account variations in absorption and metabolism, than of dietary intake.
The role of plasma cortisol in the relationship of alcohol consumption and smoking with BP was investigated in a study of 297 Japanese men, aged 50-54 years, who were not receiving antihypertensive agents. They were admitted to the Self-Defense Forces Fukuoka Hospital between January and June 1992 for a detailed pre-retirement health examination. A history of alcohol consumption and cigarette smoking were determined from a self-administered questionnaire. The plasma level of cortisol and BP were determined in the morning of the first admission day. While the plasma level of cortisol was positively related to systolic and diastolic BP, cortisol levels did not vary substantially with alcohol consumption. Both BP and plasma cortisol levels were lower among current smokers than nonsmokers. The lower BP observed among current smokers was ascribed in part (about 20-30%) to the plasma cortisol levels. While the cortisol levels may contribute the lower BP among current smokers, the data did not support its role in mediating the alcohol-BP relationship.
With the aim of studying the effect of oral exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) on human DNA-adduct formation in mononuclear cells and excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine, we examined the effect of consumption of charcoal-broiled hamburgers. Hamburgers were grilled and samples were homogenized, saponified, extracted with hexane and analysed for PAH content by HPLC. The mean levels of benzo[a]pyrene and pyrene in the grilled hamburgers were 8.6 and 26.5 micrograms/kg respectively. Twenty one healthy non-smoking individuals consumed two hamburgers (170 g) per day for 5 days. 32P-Postlabelling analysis was performed on DNA samples of mononuclear cells of the subjects. The excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine was studied as a marker of endogenous exposure to PAH. In the DNA samples of eight of the 21 subjects, on day 3 of the consumption period a predominant adduct spot could be detected with similar chromatographic properties to a benzo[a]pyrenediolepoxide--deoxyguanosine standard, the levels varying between 3 and 103 adducts/10(10) nucleotides. Analysis of the urine samples revealed maximal 1-hydroxypyrene excretion on day 3 in all nine subjects who collected urine daily during the consumption week, with an average level of 5.2 nmol/24 h. In a subsequent study in which six volunteers consumed charcoal-broiled hamburgers with lower levels of benzo[a]pyrene and pyrene, no aromatic DNA adducts in mononuclear cells or increased 1-hydroxypyrene levels in urine were detected. In conclusion, oral intake of PAH may dose-dependent induce elevated levels of aromatic DNA adducts in mononuclear cells and of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine, indicating substantial bioactivation of PAH, in particular via this route.
The European Atherosclerosis Research Study (EARS) is a study of the biological expression of a paternal history of premature coronary heart disease. The study was carried out in 14 centres in 11 European countries, where the offspring of fathers who suffered a documented myocardial infarction before the age of 55 years (cases) were compared with age- and sex-matched controls. In this paper we describe the measurement of plasma cholesteryl esters as biomarkers for the fatty acid composition of the diet in the cases and controls. No significant differences were found. Cholesteryl palmitate, oleate, linoleate and arachidonate were measured in plasma and correlated with plasma lipids and lipoproteins and with life-style variables including body-mass index, alcohol consumption, tobacco and physical activity. The strongest correlations were observed between cholesteryl esters and triglycerides, which are positively correlated with cholesteryl oleate and negatively with cholesteryl linoleate. Apo B was negatively correlated with cholesteryl linoleate and positively with palmitate. Among the other variables, alcohol was positively correlated with cholesteryl oleate and negatively with linoleate, both in males and in females. Furthermore, there are differences between regions, with the highest percentages of saturated cholesteryl palmitate measured in Finnish students, the highest percentage of cholesteryl linoleate in Belgium and of cholesteryl arachidonate in Southern Europe.
In a controlled clinical trial we have recently shown that patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) improved after fasting for 7-10 d and that the improvement could be sustained through 3.5 months with a vegan diet and 9 months with a lactovegetarian diet. Other studies have indicated that the inflammatory process in RA can be reduced through manipulation of dietary fatty acids. A switch to a vegetarian diet significantly alters the intake of fatty acids. Therefore, we have analysed the changes in fatty acid profiles of the plasma phospholipid fraction and related these changes to disease activity. The concentrations of the fatty acids 20:3n-6 and 20:4n-6 were significantly reduced after 3.5 months with a vegan diet (P < 0.0001 and P < 0.01 respectively), but the concentration increased to baseline values with a lactovegetarian diet. The concentration of 20:5n-3 was significantly reduced after the vegan diet (P < 0.0001) and the lactovegetarian diet periods (P < 0.01). There was no significant difference in fatty acid concentrations between diet responders and diet non-responders after the vegan or lactovegetarian diet periods. Our results indicate that the changes in the fatty acid profiles cannot explain the clinical improvement.
Higher intakes of vegetables and fruits are associated with a lower risk of certain human cancers. A biomarker of vegetable and fruit intake would be a valuable research tool. A cross-sectional study assessed the association between plasma carotenoid concentrations and intakes of vegetables and fruits. Plasma carotenoids (alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, lutein, beta-cryptoxanthin, and lycopene) were measured in 50 male and 49 female participants, aged 18-37 years, with a wide range of habitual vegetable and fruit intakes. Dietary intakes were assessed via a food frequency questionnaire. Intake of vegetables and fruits and high carotenoid foods were measured. The sum of the plasma carotenoids (excluding lycopene) was highly correlated with intake of total vegetables and fruits (r = 0.59). Of the individual plasma carotenoids, plasma alpha-carotene had the highest correlation with intakes of both total vegetables (r = 0.50) and total fruits (r = 0.58). Intakes of foods with high carotenoid contents were correlated with their corresponding plasma concentrations as follows: high beta-carotene foods (r = 0.41); high lutein foods (r = 0.46); and high lycopene foods (r = 0.11). Multiple regression analyses showed that intake of total vegetables and fruits was the most significant determinant of each plasma carotenoid except lycopene. The utility of combining the plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of vegetable and fruit intake was assessed by a stepwise regression of total vegetable and fruit intake on plasma carotenoids. Significant determinants of intake of total vegetables and fruits were alpha-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, lutein, and energy intake (R2 = 0.53).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Palmitoleic acid is a minor monounsaturated fatty acid in the human diet and in blood plasma. Because macadamia oil is at least one potentially large source of palmitoleic acid, we tested its effect on plasma lipid levels against two other dietary fatty acids, oleic acid and palmitic acid. The dietary adjustments, through the use of supplements, provided comparisons of the three test fatty acids in which palmitoleic could be judged as behaving either like a saturated or a monounsaturated acid. Thirty-four hypercholesterolemic men ate the three test diets in random order in 3-week periods. Plasma total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentrations were similar with palmitic and palmitoleic acids and significantly higher than with oleic acid. High density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol was significantly lower with palmitoleic than with palmitic acid. The study confirms that, at least in hypercholesterolemic men, a modest increase in palmitic acid (+4% en) raises LDL cholesterol relative to oleic acid (+3% en), even when dietary cholesterol is low (< 165 mg/day). Palmitoleic acid (+4% en) behaves like a saturated and not a monounsaturated fatty acid in its effect on LDL cholesterol.
To investigate the role of dietary folic acid in dideazatetrahydrofolate (DDATHF) sensitivity, reduced folates were estimated in plasma and tissue of mice following dietary depletion and repletion. Previous studies showed that DDATHF, a new folate antagonist targeted against glycinamide ribonucleotide transformylase, produced unexpectedly severe toxicity in humans compared with mice. However, toxicity in the animal model also became pronounced upon the removal of folic acid from the diet. Further, modest dietary restoration of folic acid in the drinking water showed that toxicity could be alleviated while antitumor activity was maintained. To investigate the role of dietary folic acid levels on tissue folates in this system, all the natural reduced folates were evaluated by a ternary complex based assay in mice placed on folic acid deplete and replete diets. After 2 weeks on a folic acid deplete diet, total plasma folate had decreased by 85%, whereas red blood cell, liver, and intestinal folate fell by only 50%. Repletion of folic acid in the drinking water at a low level (0.0003%) caused partial restoration of reduced folates, while a higher repletion level (0.003%) resulted in restoration to control levels or above. Administration of folic acid and leucovorin by oral gavage to DDATHF-treated mice resulted in elevation of tissue folates in mice maintained on folic acid deplete and replete diets. Relatively high levels of folic acid were present in plasma following oral gavage of folic acid, while essentially no [S]5-formyltetrahydrofolate was observed after leucovorin. Reduced folate pools in a subcutaneously implanted mouse mammary adenocarcinoma responded more extensively to dietary folic acid depletion than folate pools in liver. Likewise, these pools were more sensitive to restoration by folic acid or leucovorin. This greater reduced folate response of tumor versus normal tissue, if confirmed in other systems, suggests a possible basis for selective antitumor activity.
OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to determine whether diet adversely affected survival among 2572 older persons with indicators of kidney disease in a population-based cohort. Average follow-up time for survivors, of whom 1453 (57%) had died at analysis, was 14.5 years. METHODS: Kidney disease indicators were a "yes" response to "Has a doctor ever told you that you have kidney disease or renal stones?" and/or trace or greater amounts of protein in urine. Dietary protein intakes were calculated from 24-hour recalls. RESULTS: Cox proportional hazards models were used, stratified by sex, with age, body mass index, blood pressure, education, smoking status, total caloric intake, and diabetes mellitus as covariates. Relative risk of total mortality with an additional 15 g of protein per day was 1.25 (95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.09, 1.42) among White men with kidney disease indicators, vs 1.00 (95% CI = 0.95, 1.06) among those without them; relative risks of renal-related mortality were 1.32 (95% CI = 0.97, 1.79) and 0.95 (95% CI = 0.81, 1.11), respectively. No significant differences were found for White women. CONCLUSIONS: Once chronic renal disease is present, diet may be associated with earlier mortality in White males. 
To study the ionic basis of salt sensitivity in hypertension, 19F-, 13P-, and 23Na-nuclear magnetic resonance techniques were used to measure cytosolic free calcium (Cai), pH (pHi), free magnesium (Mgi), and sodium (Nai) in erythrocytes of essential hypertensive subjects (n = 19). Individuals were studied for 2 mo each on low- (UNaV < 50 meq/d) and high- (UNaV > 200 meq/d) salt diets, with the concomitant administration of nifedipine (10 mg t.i.d.) or placebo tablets for 1 mo of each diet. Salt loading elevated Cai and Nai while suppressing Mgi and pHi; these changes occurred predominantly in salt-sensitive subjects (n = 9). Nifedipine blunted the pressor response to salt loading > 50% (delta diastolic BP [high-low salt vs placebo] = 5 +/- 2 vs 14 +/- 2 mmHg, P < 0.05) and reversed salt-induced ionic changes, lowering Cai and elevating Mgi and pHi. Regardless of the definition of salt sensitivity, continuous relationships were observed between the pressure response to salt loading, the levels of Cai (r = 0.726, P < 0.001), Nai (r = 0.747, P < 0.001), and pHi (r = -0.754, P < 0.001), and the salt-induced change in Mgi (r = -0.757, P < 0.001). Altogether, these results emphasize the reciprocal and coordinate nature of intracellular ionic changes in response to dietary salt loading and calcium channel blockade in essential hypertension. They suggest that salt sensitivity is mediated by cellular calcium accumulation from the extracellular space, in association with magnesium depletion and acidification. Lastly, interpretation of intracellular ion measurements in the future will require concurrent assessment of dietary salt intake.
In 12 patients with Wilson's disease treated with D-penicillamine (DPA), the regional cerebral metabolic rate of glucose consumption of the lentiform and caudate nucleus was analysed using the 18Fluorodeoxyglucose method and correlated with the clinical symptoms of the patients, the ceruloplasmin level, the serum level of free copper and the 24-h copper excretion. The more copper was eliminated, the higher was the basal ganglia glucose consumption. On the other hand, in seven patients who had been treated for more than 7 years a significant decline of the basal ganglia glucose consumption was observed, suggesting too low a maintenance dose of DPA.
We served a low-fat (28% of energy), high-fiber (3.3 g/MJ) diet according to Nordic nutrition recommendations (Rec diet), and a high-fat diet (39% of energy) corresponding to the average Danish diet (Dane diet) for periods of 2 wk in a randomized crossover study of 21 healthy middle-aged individuals. The Rec diet resulted in lower serum concentrations of low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (medians: 2.77 vs 3.04 mmol/L, P < 0.001) and high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (1.08 vs 1.24 mmol/L, P < 0.001), and higher fasting triglycerides (1.11 vs 0.86 mmol/L, P = 0.04) than did the Dane diet. Furthermore, the Rec diet lowered plasma factor VII coagulant activity (FVIIc) (88% vs 96%, P = 0.002) and raised plasma fibrinolytic activity. Our observations indicate that a low-fat, high-fiber diet may not only reduce the atherogenic but also the thrombogenic tendency of an individual compared with a diet corresponding to the average Danish diet.
1. Feeding a diet supplemented with maize oil was found to elevate plasma oestradiol concentration in laying hens. 2. In a larger-scale experiment, isoenergetic and isonitrogenous diets containing 10, 20, 40 or 60 g/kg supplemental maize oil, tallow, coconut oil or fish oil were fed for 5 weeks. 3. Egg weights showed very different responses to the different fats. The responses could be described by quadratic functions that all gave optimum responses with supplemental dietary fat concentrations of about 40 g/kg. Egg weight increased the most with maize oil and was decreased with fish oil at the highest inclusion rate. 4. Measurements of egg components showed a relatively larger increase in albumen weights with maize oil than with other fats. 5. Across treatments, mean plasma oestradiol concentrations were very highly correlated (r = 0.96) with the changes in egg weights over the experimental period. 6. It is concluded that oestrogen is important in controlling egg weight and that the effect of dietary fats in influencing egg weight is mediated by an effect of the fats on oestrogen metabolism.
Asian patients with diabetes have a higher prevalence of renal disease than their European counterparts. The aim of the study was to investigate the pattern of the renal excretion of proteins in 70 Asian and 70 European patients with diabetes and to relate it to dietary intake of protein and prevalence of diabetic complications. Compared with matched Europeans, Asian patients had an increased urinary excretion of albumin and transferrin (p < 0.02) with 14 Asians and 6 Europeans having significant microalbuminuria (> 30 micrograms min-1). In 12 Asians and all 6 Europeans this was associated with complications from diabetes, particularly vascular. Asian patients had significantly more ischaemic heart disease (p < 0.001) but less neuropathy (p < 0.001) and retinopathy (p < 0.05) than their matched European counterparts. Asian diets were lower in protein (median (range) Asian vs European: 12.5% (6-29%) vs 19% (11-27%); p < 0.01) and carbohydrate but higher in fat than European diets. There was no correlation between dietary protein intake and excretion of any of the urinary proteins measured. However, a significant correlation was found in Asians between protein intake and length of residence in the UK (p < 0.005). Unless ways to reduce complications can be found then future allocation of resources will need to take this into consideration in areas with large Asian communities.
Serum selenium concentrations of Finnish children and adolescents (ages: 3, 6, 9, 12, 15 and 18 years) were analysed in 1980. The sample included 1706 subjects from five different areas, each containing rural and urban sectors. The serum selenium concentration levels were compared to the intakes of energy, selenium, protein, fat and carbohydrate estimated by a dietary survey (in a total of 1090 subjects from the 1706). In 1986 corresponding data were obtained from 280 of the subjects from the 1980 sample. The mean intake of selenium from food in 1980 ranged from 12 to 23 micrograms per day for the different age groups. In 1986, after the addition of selenium to fertilizers, the mean daily intake of selenium ranged from 69 to 82 micrograms per day for the groups of subjects, who were 9, 12, 15, 18, 21 and 24 years old by that time. In 1980, the children aged 3 and 6 years had lower selenium concentrations in their sera compared to the other age groups. However, serum selenium levels were higher in the Tampere and Oulu areas. In 1986 the selenium concentrations in sera increased with age (9-21-year-olds) and no regional differences were found. The selenium levels in sera were higher in 1986 than in 1980 due to the increased intake after the addition of selenium to fertilizers used in Finland. The increase in selenium levels between the 1980 and 1986 studies were, on the average, 45%.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Since lipid peroxidation is a well-know mechanism of alcohol-related liver damage, the aim of the present study was to assess the role of serum malondialdehyde (MDA), a secondary product of lipoperoxidation, in the detection of alcoholism and different stages of alcoholic liver disease and to correlate serum levels of malondialdehyde with other markers. Sixty-five patients with a mean alcohol intake of 151 gr/day, were divided into three groups: alcoholics with normal liver function (ANLF, 7 pts), non-cirrhotic alcoholic liver disease (NCALD, 26 pts) and alcoholic cirrhosis (ALC, 32 pts). The control group consisted of 15 healthy subjects. Serum MDA was measured by the thiobarbituric acid reaction test, and mitochondrial aspartate aminotransferase (mAST) with immunochemical assay. MDA had a higher sensitivity (70% vs 37.5%) and specificity (100% vs 93%) than mAST in detecting alcohol abuse, irrespective of the presence of liver disease. Serum MDA levels were significantly higher in all three groups than in controls (2.3 +/- 0.1 nmol/ml), the highest value being found in NCALD (4.6 +/- 0.4). Serum MDA levels were correlated with prothrombin time (p < 0.005) and blood alcohol levels (p < 0.05). mAST serum activity was also significantly higher in all three groups than in controls. A significant correlation was found between serum MDA and mAST only when the whole group was considered.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Eighteen Chianina crossbred steers were used to examine the interrelationship between hormonal status and empty body protein (EBPRT) and fat (EBFAT) accretion during an 88-d controlled realimentation (REAL; DMI was adjusted weekly on an individual BW basis) period. Body composition was determined by monitoring endogenous whole-body 40[K]. At the end of restriction (REST) and on d 31 and 59 of REAL blood samples were taken and analyzed for concentrations of growth hormone (GH), IGF-I, IGF-II, insulin (INS), thyroxine (T4), triiodothyronine (T3), reverse triiodothyronine (rT3), nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), glucose, and urea nitrogen. Depositions of EBPRT and EBFAT were decreased (P < .001) in REST (92 d) animals compared with nonrestricted (NR) controls. During REST, plasma levels of glucose, IGF-I, INS, T4, T3, and rT3 were decreased (P < .05); plasma urea nitrogen (PUN), NEFA, and GH levels were increased (P < .05), and IGF-II concentrations were similar between REST and NR steers. A transient compensatory response in BW gain and protein deposition occurred in repleted steers between d 35 and 62 of REAL. During this period, PUN levels markedly declined (P < .01) in REAL steers and glucose concentration increased (P < .01) to levels similar to those in NR controls. This response prevailed even though apparent digestible nutrients were decreased in repleted animals. During energy repletion, plasma levels of T4, T3, rT3, IGF-I, and INS were positively, and of GH was negatively, correlated with EBPRT and EBFAT gain in repleted animals. Unlike IGF-I, IGF-II was not correlated with compensatory body growth. These results suggest that compensating steers are more metabolically efficient; rapid body tissue gain occurs during a period of reduced nutrient digestibility. Additionally, plasma levels of IGF-I, GH, INS, and thyroid hormones, but not of IGF-II, are markedly affected by alteration of energy intake and are highly correlated with empty body gain and protein deposition in compensating late-maturing steers.
A relatively simple technique was used to estimate the size of the combined pools of zinc with which plasma zinc exchanges within 2 d (EZP). EZP size was determined from the amount of isotope introduced into the plasma and the coefficient of the simple exponential decay function fitting enrichment data between d 3 and 9 after isotope administration. Using data from 11 healthy adults, comparisons were made of EZP size estimations using oral and intravenous isotopes (r = 0.93 using urine) and urine and plasma enrichment (r = 0.85 for intravenous). EZP size estimations from urine and plasma enrichment following intravenous isotope administration were 2.35 +/- 0.84 and 2.83 +/- 0.86 mmol, respectively (mean +/- SD, P < 0.01). EZP size correlated with habitual dietary zinc intake (partial r = 0.74, P < 0.02). Cumulative declines in EZP size in two healthy adults after 3 wk of consuming a moderately zinc-restricted diet followed by 1 wk of severe zinc restriction were 26 and 32%. These results indicated that EZP size is dependent on dietary intake. We conclude that this technique is adequate to demonstrate EZP differences that are of nutritional and physiological interest. EZP size estimates can be obtained using orally or intravenously administered isotope and using plasma or urine enrichment data.
Oxygen consumption (VO2) can be obtained by the Fick method as the product of cardiac index (CI) by the arteriovenous oxygen content difference (D[a-v]O2) or by indirect calorimetry (IC) based on gas exchange measurements. IC is considered the "gold standard" but is not widely available in clinical practice. Our objective was to test the reliability of the reversed Fick method compared with IC under conditions of hemodynamic changes. For this purpose we chose aortic clamping and unclamping as a model. Twelve patients undergoing abdominal aortic surgery were monitored with a fiberoptic pulmonary artery catheter (Opticath). Calculated oxygen consumption (cVO2) was obtained from hemodynamic and analytic data according to the Fick method at six stages: postinduction, before cross-clamping (Pre-C), postclamping (Post-C), before unclamping (Pre-U), after unclamping (Post-U), and the end of surgery. cVO2 was compared with measured oxygen consumption (mVO2) obtained by IC. CI and mixed venous oxygen saturation (SVO2) varied significantly (P < 0.0001) during the interventions. Although mVO2 did not vary, cVO2 varied significantly (P = 0.0001), reaching a maximum at Post-U coinciding with a sudden decrease in SVO2. There was good concordance between mVO2 and cVO2 except at Post-U (P = 0.005). We conclude that cVO2 is a reliable indicator of VO2 in this hemodynamic model except at Post-U. This lack of correlation seems to be due to a mathematical artifact, because the low value of SVO2 registered at this stage and introduced into the Fick formula reflects a sudden venous return of desaturated blood and not an increase in VO2.
The purpose of this study was to examine the relationship of body mass index, abdomen-hip ratio, and dietary intake to fasting and postprandial insulin concentrations among 652 men aged 43-85 y, followed in the Normative Aging Study. Log-transformed fasting insulin was significantly associated with body mass index, abdomen-hip ratio, total fat energy, and saturated fatty acid energy, with correlation coefficients ranging from 0.14 for total fat to 0.45 for body mass index. When multivariate models were used, body mass index, abdomen-hip ratio, and saturated fatty acid intake were statistically significant independent predictors of both fasting and postprandial insulin concentrations, after age, cigarette smoking, and physical activity were adjusted for. If saturated fatty acids as a percentage of total energy were to decrease from 14% to 8%, there would be an 18% decrease in fasting insulin and a 25% decrease in postprandial insulin. These data suggest that overall adiposity, abdominal obesity, and a diet high in saturated fatty acids are independent predictors for both fasting and postprandial insulin concentrations.
The relation of the consumption of caffeine from coffee, tea, and all caffeine-containing soft drinks (hereafter referred to as "cola") to blood lipid levels was studied in 1,035 white women ranging in age from 65 to 90 years (mean, 71.2 years) from October 1986 through October 1988. All study subjects were participants in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, clinic of the Study of Osteoporotic Fractures. Fasting blood samples were tested for total cholesterol, triglycerides, apolipoproteins A-I and B-100, total high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and the HDL2 and HDL3 subfractions. Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was calculated using the Friedewald equation. Current consumption of coffee, tea, and cola was assessed by means of a self-administered personal habits questionnaire. Potential confounders, such as body mass index (weight (kg)/height (m)2), waist/hip ratio, smoking status, and alcohol intake were also measured for each woman. Analyses of variance and tests for mean differences revealed an inverse relation between the consumption of tea and apolipoprotein B-100 and a positive association between the consumption of cola and apolipoprotein B-100. Apolipoprotein A-I levels were found to be positively related to coffee consumption and negatively related to tea consumption. There was no consistent relation between caffeine consumption and total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, total HDL cholesterol and its subfractions, or apolipoprotein B-100. Adjustment for potential confounders yielded no remaining significant associations between caffeine from any of the major beverage sources and any of the lipid fractions. In conclusion, the inconsistent relations between caffeine from various sources and blood lipids do not support a significant association of blood lipid levels with caffeine consumption in elderly women.
The relationship of protein intake to urinary oxalate and glycolate excretion was examined in a large cohort (N = 101) of normal individuals on self-selected diets and in 11 individuals on controlled protein diets. On self-selected diets no correlation was detected between protein intake and urinary oxalate or glycolate excretion. A moderate but significant correlation (r = 0.45; P < 0.001) of oxalate with urea excretion was observed in males but not females, suggesting that there may be a link between urea and oxalate synthesis in males. On controlled protein diets mean oxalate excretion in females on days 7 to 10 of a high protein diet (1.8 g/kg body wt) was 20% higher than on a low protein diet (0.6 g/kg body wt; P = 0.02), but there was no difference in males. Glycolate excretion was significantly higher (P < 0.001) on the high protein diet than on the low protein diet in both sexes. Only a weak precursor-product relationship was observed between glycolate and oxalate. A gender effect was apparent on both self-selected and control diets with females excreting more oxalate and glycolate relative to creatinine than males. A pronounced inter- and intra-individual variability in the excretion of oxalate was observed, even on controlled diets. This suggests that genetic factors and physiological changes such as hormonal fluctuations may contribute more to the variability in oxalate excretion than the dietary intake of protein.
Based on a large number of studies in various species, cholecystokinin (CCK) is considered to function as an important regulator of satiety. The present study was undertaken to determine the relationship between hunger score and basal and postprandial plasma CCK secretion, in six obese subjects before and after weight loss with modified fasting. Modified fasting (modifast, 240 kcal/day) for ten weeks induced a mean weight loss of 23 kg. The hunger score was reduced by about 75%. However, basal and plasma CCK release induced by 80 kcal of modifast were not different before and after ten weeks of modifast treatment. Thus, the reduction of hunger during modified fasting is not mediated by circulating CCK.
To determine correlates of the geographic variation in colon cancer mortality within China, dietary variables, biochemical markers, and other factors from an ecological survey in 49 Chinese rural counties were examined. High consumption of animal foods, salt-preserved vegetables, and beer was associated with increased mortality of colon cancer, whereas the rates were significantly inversely related with intake of green vegetables. Serum levels of total cholesterol, urea nitrogen, and lipid peroxide were positively correlated with colon cancer mortality, after adjustment for each other and for other blood nutrients. No appreciable associations, however, were found between colon cancer and serum levels of beta-carotene, alpha-tocopherol, vitamin C, and selenium. In addition, prevalence of schistosomiasis was significantly correlated with increased colon cancer mortality. This ecological study indicates that observations from earlier analytic investigations in Western societies may apply to a Chinese rural population and suggests that schistosomiasis and dietary factors may contribute to the remarkable geographic variation of colon cancer in China.
Relationships between dietary protein intake of a large free-living group and serum creatinine (Cr), urea and uric acid levels have been studied, based on data obtained from the BIRNH (Belgian Interuniversity Research on Nutrition and Health) study. Highly significant correlations were found in both sexes for total protein, as well as for animal and vegetable protein intake. In a subgroup, the relationship between dietary protein intake and 24-hour urinary Cr excretion has also been studied. The range of +/- 2 SD of the mean for total protein and animal and vegetable protein daily intakes resulted in a calculated range of 24-hour Cr excretion of 430, 317 and 209 mg/24 hours in men and of 192, 169 and 125 mg/24 hours in women, respectively. The 24-hour urinary Cr excretion was significantly influenced by both dietary protein and polyunsaturated fat intake.
Adipose tissue fatty acids, it has been proposed, reflect dietary intake. Using data from a validation study preceding a prospective study on diet, cancer, and health in Denmark, we were able to compare fatty acid profiles in adipose tissue biopsies from 86 individuals (23 men and 63 women) aged 40-64 y and dietary intake of fatty acids (as percentage of total fat) assessed by two 7-d weighed-diet records or by a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Correlation coefficients (Pearson r) between fatty acid concentrations in adipose tissue biopsies (as percentage of total peak area) and dietary intake of fatty acid (percentage of total fat), determined from the diet records for men and women, respectively, were as follows: polyunsaturated fatty acids r = 0.74 and r = 0.46; n - 3 fatty acids of marine origin: eicosapentaenoic acid r = 0.15 and r = 0.61, and docosahexaenoic acid r = 0.47 and r = 0.57. Correlation coefficients obtained by using the food frequency questionnaire were slightly lower for most fatty acids.
Several study findings indicate that with ethanol ingestion a number of changes occur in the immune system. We studied the effects of ethanol consumption on mice at various ages. We used a murine model in which young (age 6-8 weeks), middle-aged (age 12 months), and old (age 24 months) male C57Bl/6 mice were pair-fed either a Leiber-DeCarli liquid diet containing 7% (v/v) ethanol or an isocaloric control diet. Consumption of ethanol diet for 8 days resulted in high blood alcohol levels in young and old mice; low levels were observed in middle-aged mice. Middle-aged mice consumed more ethanol than did either young or old mice and had the lowest percent body weight loss of all three age groups. Proliferation of spleen lymphocytes to T-cell stimuli (concanavalin A and alloantigens) in both young and old mice fed ethanol was diminished. T-cell function was unchanged in middle-aged mice consuming an ethanol diet when compared with that observed in age-matched mice pair-fed control diet. No effect of ethanol on proliferation to lipopolysaccharide was noted in any group. Proliferative response of T cells to soluble anti-CD3 monoclonal antibody was also decreased in middle-aged and old pair-fed control mice when compared with young control mice. The proliferative response to soluble anti-CD3 in all three age groups of mice fed ethanol, however, was not significantly affected by ethanol consumption.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
A large German population sample of 6820 men and 7258 women was used to investigate the relationship between coffee consumption, total serum cholesterol and HDL cholesterol. Analyses were conducted on men and women separately. Differences in age, body mass index, diastolic blood pressure, smoking habits, alcohol, fish, milk and tea consumption, physical activity and medication use were controlled for in the analyses. Interactions between coffee consumption and smoking habits in their relationship with serum cholesterol were part of the analyses. For men, a positive relationship between coffee consumption and total serum cholesterol was found among smokers and life-long abstainers but not in the group of ex-smokers. In women a relationship between coffee consumption and total serum cholesterol was also present, but very weak (only statistical significant in covariance analyses). Levels of HDL cholesterol did not correlate with coffee consumption in either men and women. Hypotheses concerning the peculiarities of the group of ex-smokers are developed, and supporting empirical evidence is given. It is suggested that the group of ex-smokers should always be analysed separately.
UNLABELLED: The fatty acid compositions of serum lipid fractions are believed to reflect the quality of dietary fat, but only a few cross-sectional studies have examined these relationships in a representative free-living population. We related the composition of dietary fat obtained by 7-day food records from 84 free-living middle-aged married couples, on their habitual diets, to gas chromatographic analyses of the percentage compositions of fatty acids in three lipid fractions of fasting sera. Dietary polyunsaturated fat had Pearson's correlation coefficients of 0.63, 0.73 and 0.44 with n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in serum cholesteryl esters, triglycerides and phospholipids, respectively. Intake of fish showed correlations of 0.60, 0.36 and 0.52 with the percentage of eicosapentaenoate in the respective fractions. Dietary saturated fat had correlations of 0.57 and 0.54 with saturated fatty acids in serum cholesteryl esters and triglycerides, respectively. Dietary monounsaturated fat did not correlate positively with monounsaturated fatty acids in any serum lipid fraction. There were some small but significant gender differences in the serum fatty acid compositions. CONCLUSIONS: of the three serum lipid fractions, triglycerides appear to be the best reflectors of dietary polyunsaturated and saturated fat, but the intake of monounsaturated fat is poorly reflected in all serum lipid fractions. Intake of fish is mirrored in all serum lipid fractions, best in cholesteryl esters and phospholipids. 
Earlier studies have suggested that catalase activity (CA) may represent a biological marker of alcohol intake in animals and in humans. An initial study was designed to rule out the possibility that CA is induced as a function of acute alcohol intake. Subjects (n = 80) were presented with either an alcohol (0.5 g/kg of body weight) or control solution, and asked to provide four 100-microliters blood samples at 0.0, 0.5, 2.0, and 24.0 hr. Results showed no differences in CA between individuals who had received alcohol, and controls, even when the effects of previous drinking history were covaried out. This lack of effect of acute alcohol intake on the possible induction of CA further supported the notion that CA may be a viable marker of alcohol intake, rather than the converse. In the second study, the relation between CA and alcohol intake was investigated in individuals with a family history (FH) of alcoholism (FH+), and in those without a family history of alcoholism (FH-). Subjects (n = 607) completed the Michigan Alcoholism Screening Questionnaire, the MacAndrew Scale, and the Concordia University Alcohol Screening Questionnaire; answered questions concerning their FH for alcoholism; and provided a 100-microliters blood sample. Results showed that FH+ individuals had higher mean CA compared with FH- individuals. When individuals with FH+ were compared with those with FH-, differences in the pattern of relation between CA and alcohol intake were observed. Although a significant relation between CA and alcohol intake was obtained for both FH- and FH+ individuals, this relation was significantly higher (p < 0.001) for individuals with FH+.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
To study the effects of low copper intake in older individuals, 12 postmenopausal women, aged 63.1 +/- 8.8 y, were fed a diet containing 9 micromol (0.57 mg) Cu/d for 105 d, followed by a copper-repletion period of 35 d during which the diet was supplemented with 31.5 micromol (2.0 mg) Cu/d. Plasma copper and ceruloplasmin did not change significantly during copper depletion but ceruloplasmin decreased during copper repletion. Erythrocyte superoxide dismutase activity dropped significantly during low copper intake from 3450 to 2600 U/g hemoglobin, but did not increase during copper repletion. Platelet cytochrome c oxidase activity changed significantly (P<0.0001) from 1740 to 810 U/g protein during copper depletion, then increased to 1000 U/g protein during copper repletion. Erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase activity responded similarly. Clotting factor VIII activity increased significantly during copper depletion, then dropped during copper repletion. Low copper intakes did not induce the changes in serum cholesterol and hematology generally found in copper-deficient animal models. These results indicate that a paradigm shift may be needed in evaluating copper status in adult humans. Sensitive indicators of copper include functional activities of platelet cytochrome c oxidase, platelet copper, glutathione peroxidase, and clotting factor VIII. Plasma copper, ceruloplasmin, and cholesterol are relatively insensitive indicators. Also, the recovery from mild copper depletion may require more aggressive intervention tha 2 mg Cu/d for 35 d.
A geographically based observational study of 852 nondiabetic Hispanic and non-Hispanic white persons in southern Colorado aged 20-74 y was conducted to determine whether diet-lipid associations were modified by the apolipoprotein E (apoE, protein; APOE, gene) polymorphism. Subjects were seen for up to three visits from 1984 to 1992. A 24-h diet recall was collected and fasting serum lipid concentrations were measured at all visits. In longitudinal-regression analyses, dietary factors were significantly associated with serum lipid concentrations in the directions expected based on the large amount of literature on this topic. The positive relation between dietary cholesterol and serum total and low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol was strongest in Hispanic subjects with the APOE*2 allele (E2/ 2,3/2 genotypes) and non-Hispanic white subjects with the APOE*3 allele (E3/3 genotype), and there was no association in subjects with the APOE*4 allele (E4/3, 4/4 genotypes) in either ethnic group. No other statistically significant differences in the relations between dietary factors and serum lipid concentrations by APOE polymorphism were identified. These findings suggest that the APOE polymorphism plays only a minor role in modifying the association between dietary factors and serum lipids.
The utility of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) and gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) as biochemical markers of excessive alcohol consumption was studied in alcohol-dependent subjects. Serum samples were collected once weekly from 10 male out-patients undergoing a 6-month alcohol treatment programme. Frequency of relapse into drinking (defined as any intake of alcoholic beverage) was assessed by self-reports during patient interviews three times per week and by daily determination of the 5-hydroxytryptophol level in urine. A marked decrease in mean CDT and GGT values was observed during the initial month. Only one patient remained totally abstinent throughout the observation period, while four had sporadic relapses (2-5 days with alcohol consumption). Both CDT and GGT remained below the respective reference limits in those patients. The other five patients drank more frequently (range 22-57 days) and increased their mean levels of CDT and GGT after the initial decrease. As determined from the values at admission and during the course of the study, CDT appeared to be the most sensitive marker in six out of the 10 patients. In one patient, both markers were affected in a parallel way, whereas two of those with frequent relapses responded to alcohol consumption with a marked increase in GGT, but with no or only a slight increase in CDT. One patient did not show any abnormal CDT or GGT values. In 54 female and 60 male serum samples collected at random from patients during admission at an alcohol detoxification unit, 35% and 58% of the CDT values exceeded the reference limits for females and males, respectively. For GGT, 59% of the female and 67% of the male values were above cut-off. Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin and GGT were not significantly correlated. Taken together, the present results indicate that measurement of both CDT and GGT will increase the possibility of identifying excessive alcohol consumption. By following changes in CDT and GGT values during a period of alcohol withdrawal, the most sensitive individual marker can be determined. This in turn allows for improved detection of relapse into heavy drinking during long-term monitoring of out-patients.
Human scalp hair mercury concentrations were determined in 219 hair samples from male individuals from different regions of Bangladesh. Total hair mercury concentrations were very low with a mean value of 0.44 +/- 0.19 micrograms Hg/g (range 0.02-0.95) for a moderately elevated fish consumption averaging 2.1 kg/month (range 1.4-2.6). A highly significant positive correlation (r = 0.88, P < 0.001) was found between fish consumption and hair mercury concentration. Neither age, region nor occupation had any influence on the hair mercury content. Our results in agreement with literature values, are described by equation (X = 183Y + 0.16) linking calculated daily methylmercury intake (X, mg) and hair total mercury level (Y, micrograms/g). Low concentrations in hair were linked to extremely low levels of daily mercury intake, the determining factor being remarkably low mercury levels in Bangladesh fish.
Different extraction techniques can be used to concentrate the promutagens of cigarette smokers' urine before evaluation of their mutagenic potency by Ames test. In this study, three solid adsorbents, C18, XAD2 and CN were compared for their ability to concentrate the promutagens of smokers' urine prior to acetone elution. C18 extracts were observed to have a higher promutagenicity than XAD2 and CN extracts. The mutagenicity of smokers' urine depended on the smoking habits, and a strong correlation was observed between urinary promutagenicity, daily cigarette consumption, and the tobacco type (black or blond). Smokers of black tobacco had a higher urinary genotoxicity than smokers of blond tobacco, after taking into account the level of tobacco consumption. Urinary promutagenicity did not appear to depend on the tar level of cigarettes.
To examine the relation of cigarette smoking and alcohol consumption to serum fatty acid levels, the authors conducted a cross-sectional study of 190 men who were enrolled in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial between 1973 and 1976. After controlling for dietary fat, cholesterol, energy intake, and other potential confounders, the authors found that smoking and alcohol intake were associated with the serum cholesterol ester and phospholipid levels of several fatty acids. As the number of cigarettes smoked per day increased, the levels of cholesterol ester and phospholipid palmitoleic acid (16:1) and oleic acid (18:1) and the levels of phospholipid dihomogammalinolenic acid (20:3) and omega-9 eicosatrienoic acid (20:3) increased (all p's < or = 0.01). Serum levels of phospholipid omega-3 docosahexaenoic acid (22:6) and cholesterol ester and phospholipid arachidonic acid (20:4) were inversely associated with smoking (all p's < or = 0.01). As the number of alcoholic drinks per week increased, levels of cholesterol ester and phospholipid palmitic acid (16:0) and oleic acid (18:1), cholesterol ester myristic acid (14:0), and phospholipid palmitoleic acid (16:1), adrenic acid (22:4), and omega-9 eicosatrienoic acid (20:3) increased (all p's < 0.05), whereas levels of cholesterol ester and phospholipid linoleic acid (18:2) and phospholipid stearic acid (18:0) and the serum polyunsaturated fat: saturated fat ratio decreased (all p's < or = 0.01). These results suggest that smoking and alcohol consumption may influence the absorption, synthesis, or metabolism of serum fatty acids. Studies that use serum fatty acid levels as indicators of dietary fat intake should control for the effects of cigarette smoking and alcohol consumption.
Consumption of fish and shellfish from contaminated areas may be an important source of human exposure to persistent organohalogen compounds such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs). We determined concentrations of 2,3,7,8-substituted PCDDs and PCDFs and 19 PCB congeners in whole blood samples from three groups of men, 40-54 years of age, with different consumption levels of crabs from a fjord area in southern Norway polluted with organochlorine compounds from a magnesium production plant. A significant increase of many PCDD/PCDF congeners was found in the blood when comparing the referents, moderate-, and high-intake groups. The greatest difference was observed for several of the PCDFs that are characteristic for the contamination of the marine biota of the fjord. PCBs, in general, play a minor role in the contamination of the fjord by the magnesium production process, except for the highly chlorinated congeners such as PCB-209. Nevertheless, almost all PCBs increased from the referents to the high-intake group. However, the relative concentrations of several highly chlorinated PCBs (particularly PCB-209) in blood are unexpectedly low compared to their abundance in crabs, indicating low uptake of these congeners. The exposure to PCDDs/PCDFs from crab consumption calculated from individual body burdens of these compounds were in good agreement with the intake estimated from previously measured concentrations in crabs, reported fishing sites, and consumption. Almost all subjects in the high-intake group exceeded the tolerable weekly intake of 35 pg TEQ/kg body weight/week proposed by a Nordic Expert Group.
The effects of two levels of transgalactosylated oligosaccharide (TOS) intake on bacterial glycolytic activity, end products of fermentation and bacterial steroid transformation were studied in rats associated with a human faecal flora. Rats were fed a human-type diet containing 0, 5 or 10% TOS. Caecal pH decrease correlated with the amount of TOS in the diet. Intake of the TOS diet induced a decrease in blood cholesterol and a strong increase in beta-galactosidase activity in the hindgut. TOS fermentation led to production of hydrogen and short chain fatty acids, whereas ammonia and branched-chain fatty acids were decreased. A diet containing 10% TOS increased caecal lactic acid concentrations and reduced beta-glucuronidase activities and steroid transformation.
The purpose of this study was to examine socio-economic conditions, demographic factors, use of vitamin A capsules and dietary practices in relation to the risk of low serum vitamin A. One hundred and twenty four night blind cases were identified by parents in a cross-sectional survey in Bangladesh in 1992. Age-, sex- and neighbourhood-matched controls were selected. Venous blood was collected from 87 cases and 97 controls for the determination of serum vitamin A. Information about socio-economic conditions, demographic factors, use of vitamin A capsules and dietary practices was obtained by interview. The level of serum vitamin A was strongly related to age and consumption of beta-carotene rich foods. The preschool years (2-6 years) are important risk periods for vitamin A deficiency among children. We conclude that long-term prevention of vitamin A deficiency should rely on efforts to improve local diet.
Echo-Doppler measurements of portal venous blood flow in intrahepatic branches and indocyanine green (ICG) clearance after continuous i.v. infusion as measure for liver blood flow were compared to evaluate the increase in splanchnic blood flow after food intake. It was shown that both methods assessed the changes in flow in a similar manner. Changes in blood flow in intrahepatic portal vein branches measured with echo-Doppler adequately predicted the change in ICG concentrations. Hence, echo-Doppler measurements of hepatic portal blood flow in intrahepatic branches can be used to estimate changes in total liver blood flow.
Animal studies have suggested that omega-6 fatty acids found in vegetable oils may promote prostate cancer. Our goal was to use erythrocyte membrane and adipose tissue fatty acid composition as biomarkers to investigate whether essential fatty acids modulated prostate cancer risk. An outpatient clinic-based study of 89 cases and 38 controls was conducted in North Carolina between July 1989 and December 1991. Cases were recruited from a university-based urology outpatient clinic. Eligible cases were more than 45 years of age and had histological confirmation of a prostate cancer diagnosis within 1 year of entry into the study. Controls were histologically confirmed free of prostate cancer. Erythrocyte membranes from venous blood and adipose tissue fatty acids from s.c. fat samples were analyzed in batches using capillary gas chromatography. Unconditional logistic regression analysis was used to calculate odds ratios for the association of each fatty acid with prostate cancer while controlling for potential confounders. Linoleic acid consumption was positively associated with prostate cancer risk. The odds ratios comparing the first and fourth quartiles of linoleic acid consumption were 3.54 (95% confidence interval, 1.0-12.53) with P trend < 0.04 for erythrocyte membranes, and 2.47 (95% confidence interval, 0.66-9.26) with P trend < 0.08 for adipose tissue. These data suggest that linoleic acid consumption may increase prostate cancer risk, which is consistent with results from animal experiments. Linoleic acid is found in vegetable oils used in cooking and in cereals, snack foods, and baked goods. Our data failed to demonstrate consistently a protective effect of marine omega-3 fatty acids on prostate cancer.
Carotenoid consumption is of great interest in disease prevention studies. Until recently, carotenoid food composition data have not been available from a single laboratory source with high validity/reliability characteristics. With the availability of a new carotenoid food composition data base, we examined the impact of the new data base on the intake estimates as measured by a food frequency questionnaire and on the relationship of those estimates to plasma values to ascertain what, if any, improvement is achieved through use of the new values. Plasma samples were available for 162 healthy adults participating in cancer prevention studies at the Arizona Cancer Center, including men and women, smokers and nonsmokers. A single laboratory analyzed plasma samples for beta-carotene, alpha-carotene, lutein, and lycopene. All subjects had completed a modified version of the Block food frequency questionnaire, which calculates carotenoids using a literature-based algorithm. A new carotenoid composition data base using recently published data (A.R. Mangels et al., J. Am. Diet. Assoc., 93: 284-296, 1993) was then directly substituted for the Block data base. There were high correlations between intake estimates derived from the two data bases for all four carotenoids (range, r = 0.76-0.96). Average intake estimates based on the Mangels et al. data base were significantly higher for beta-carotene and lycopene; however, correlations between intakes and plasma values were significantly different only for beta-carotene (r = 0.44 for Mangels versus 0.32 for Block, P = 0.015).
We measured plasma leptin concentrations by RIA in 204 normal weight and obese subjects, aged 18-80 yr, using full-length recombinant human leptin as a standard. Fasting levels between 1.2-97.9 ng/mL were observed. The plasma leptin concentration was highly correlated with percent body fat (r = 0.710; P < 0.0001) and was 3 times as high in women as in men (17.1 vs. 5.8 ng/mL; P < 0.0001). Circulating leptin was inversely related to age and was reduced 53% in subjects over age 60 yr. A statistical model containing percent body fat, gender, and age accounted for 65% of the variance in plasma leptin levels. Leptin was not independently related to abdominal fat distribution, plasma lipids and lipoproteins, chronic energy intake, diet composition, plasma insulin, or maximum oxygen consumption. However, plasma leptin was reduced by 26% in 5 obese subjects who consumed a 1000-Cal diet for 10 days (P = 0.004). We conclude that circulating leptin rises continuously with increasing adiposity. Gender, age, and short term caloric restriction may be important secondary regulators of plasma leptin.
The effects were compared of the addition of graded levels of L-cystine and of L-cysteine (0.3, 3, or 5%) to a 10% casein diet on several metabolic parameters in rats. The growth-promoting effect of cystine was equivalent to that of cysteine. Supplementation of these two amino acids elevated serum cholesterol, liver ascorbic acid, liver nonprotein sulfhydryl (SH) and kidney metallothionein, and reduced the activity of serum ceruloplasmin. The responses of serum cholesterol, liver nonprotein SH, and serum ceruloplasmin to cystine were greater than of those to cysteine. When the basal diet was supplemented with 0.3% of these amino acids, the elevation of liver ascorbic acid by cystine supplementation was less than that by cysteine supplementation. However, when supplemented with 5% of these amino acids, the elevation of liver ascorbic acid by cystine was greater than that by cysteine. There was no difference in the influence of cystine and cysteine on kidney metallothionein. This study demonstrates that dietary cystine and cysteine had the same influence on growth, but had a differential influence on such metabolic parameters as liver nonprotein SH, serum ceruloplasmin, serum cholesterol, and tissue ascorbic acid.
Four hundred and ninety-two (232 males and 260 females) randomly selected inhabitants older than 15 years of La Esperanza, a rural village of Tenerife, have been inquired about their daily alcohol intake, analyzing the relationship between this parameter and sex, age, marital status, educational level, job and smoking habit, physical signs, and biological markers of excessive ethanol consumption. One hundred and seventy-four out of them (35.4%) were teetotalers, while 318 (64.6%) consumed alcoholic beverages; 18.2% (34.1% of the males and 4.2% of the females) referred excessive ethanol consumption (more than 80 g/day and 40 g/day, respectively). Men consumed 62.3 +/- 4 g/day ethanol and women, 8 +/- 1 g/day. The distribution of the population according to the amount of ethanol consumed fits into Lederman's curve, most of the individuals being consumers of small amounts of ethanol. Male sex, middle age, married or separated status, unskilled job, sometimes unemployed, low educational level, daily drinking (mainly wine), and smoking, were all related to a higher ethanol consumption. When assessed by logistic regression, only liver enlargement, parotid swelling, retches and tremor in the morning, and hoarseness, out of the physical signs, showed independent predictive value as indicators of excessive consumption as well as serum GGT, ASAT, MCV, and urate levels out the biological markers. When all those physical and analytical signs that had previously shown predictive independent value are analyzed together, all the five physical signs (liver enlargement, parotid swelling, retches and tremor in the morning, and hoarseness) but only urate, out of the biochemical markers, showed independent predictive value.
In order to make quantitative comparison between food composition table-based estimates and instrumental measures by inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectrometry (ICP-AES), total food duplicates were collected from 232 adult women in 10 study regions in 9 Prefectures in Japan. Daily dietary intake of 5 elements, sodium (Na), potassium (K), phosphorus (P), calcium (Ca) and iron (Fe), were estimated from the weights of food items in each duplicate by use of food composition tables. Parallel to this the intakes were measured by wet-ashing of food duplicate homogenates followed by ICP-AES analysis. Because the emission intensity of K was significantly modified by Na co-present at various concentrations, K was measured after Na concentration was reduced to the value 150 mg/L by dilution. The comparison of the two sets of the results, the estimated values and the measured values, showed that the estimated values were significantly larger than the measured values in the cases of Na, K, Ca and P (the ratio of the estimated to the measured values: 118% for Na, 115% for K, 109% for Ca; and 130% for Fe), whereas the two values essentially agreed with each other in the case of P (ratio: 93%). The differences were too large for any nutritional evaluation to be made when the method of Bland and Altman is applied. The significance of the differences in relation to nutritional evaluation of element intake is discussed.
BACKGROUND: Facial telangiectasia is a common disfiguring condition in modern society. Recently the krypton laser has been advocated as an effective modality for treatment of facial telangiectasia. OBJECTIVE: To compare the effectiveness and incidence of adverse effects of the krypton laser with that of the copper vapor laser in the treatment of facial telangiectasia. METHODS: Two hundred consecutive patients treated with the krypton laser were asked to complete a questionnaire evaluating the treatment; 149 (74.5%) patients responded. RESULTS: The krypton laser was as effective as the copper vapor laser in treating facial telangiectasia. In addition, there was a significant reduction in pain experienced and the incidence of adverse effects was reduced in patients treated with the krypton laser. CONCLUSION: Selection of pulse duration to approximate the thermal relaxation time of the target blood vessel is critical in minimizing adverse effects of laser photocoagulation to facial telangiectases. 
Nutritional assessments are frequently based on amounts of nutrients consumed. In the present paper the usefulness of nutrient intake data for assessing nutrient adequacy is examined in an elderly British population. Subjects were "free-living' elderly aged 68-90 years (sixty men, eighty-five women) in Norwich. Forty-two of forty-nine surviving males and sixty-seven of seventy-nine surviving females were reassessed after 2 years. With few exceptions, estimated micronutrient intake was not statistically predictive of biochemical measures of nutrient adequacy. Initial biochemical measures of nutritional adequacy were compared with those found 2 years later in an attempt to assess whether initial biochemical assessment was predictive of the "longer term' situation. Biochemical measurements at the start of the study were correlated to the same measurements made 2 years later for: serum ferritin, haemoglobin and erythrocyte count, whole-blood Se-glutathione peroxidase (EC 1.11.1.9; males only), plasma Cu, alkaline phosphatase (EC 3.1.3.1), ascorbic acid, vitamin B6 (pyridoxal-5-phosphate), folate and vitamin B12, total erythrocyte thiamin (males only), riboflavin (erythrocyte glutathione reductase (EC 1.6.4.1) activation coefficient): but not for: erythrocyte Cu-superoxide dismutase (EC 1.15.1.1) or plasma Zn. Either only small changes, or no changes, in mean values were seen over the 2 years for most of the biochemical measures. One exception was a large increase in plasma folate. The only important "negative' features seen at 2-year follow up were a large fall in serum ferritin concentration and a large increase in the activity of two antioxidant defence enzymes, superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase. As judged by currently accepted biochemical deficiency threshold values, a small proportion of subjects were possibly at risk of Fe (3% men; 1% women), folate (7%, 3%), thiamin (12%; 3%) and vitamin C (15%; 17%) deficiency. Many more appeared to be at risk of vitamin B6 (42%; 47%) and riboflavin (77%; 79%) deficiency. It was concluded that the requirements of the elderly for vitamins B1, B2 and C, and the biochemical deficiency threshold values used to indicate vitamin B6 deficiency, need review.
PURPOSE: A comprehensive pharmacokinetic study of leucovorin (5-formyltetrahydrofolate, 5-HCO-FH4) and its metabolites was conducted in plasma, liver and implanted tumor tissue from mice maintained on a low folic acid diet. While it has been previously demonstrated that the antitumor activity of fluorouracil (FU) can be potentiated by 5-HCO-FH4, the optimum time for administration of FU after 5-HCO-FH4, to maximally elevate the active folate metabolite methylenetetrahydrofolate in tumor has not been established. Human plasma studies have defined the pharmacokinetics of circulating 5-HCO-FH4 and its metabolites, but comparison with human tumor accumulation has not been practicable because of sampling difficulties. As an alternative, a mouse model system, based on low dietary folic acid, was used to evaluate plasma, liver and implanted tumor reduced folates after administration of 5-HCO-FH4. METHODS: Plasma and tissue samples were collected from folate-deplete mice over a 12-h period after intraperitoneal administration of 90 mg/kg [R, S] 5-HCO-FH4. Reduced folates were evaluated using a ternary complex assay. RESULTS: The time at which maximal accumulation of parent compound and all metabolites, except 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-CH3FH4), occurred in tumor was the same as in plasma. Alternatively, peak liver accumulation was delayed relative to plasma for all folates except 5-CH3FH4. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that mouse plasma accumulation of reduced folates, with the exception of 5-CH3FH4, can predict tumor accumulation. Hence, evaluation of human plasma folate accumulation may potentially provide a means to improve the timing of the administration of FU relative to 5-HCO-FH4 to achieve a superior therapeutic outcome. 
OBJECTIVES: To compare validation of reported dietary intakes from weighed records against urinary nitrogen excretion and energy expenditure measured by DLW, and to examine the utility of the Goldberg cut-off for EI:BMR in the identification of under-reporters. DESIGN: Energy (EI) and nitrogen (protein) intake (NI) were measured by 16 d of weighed diet records collected over 1 y. They were validated against urinary nitrogen excretion in 5-8 (mean 6.0) 24 h urine collections and total energy expenditure (EE) measured by doubly labelled water (DLW). Basal metabolic rate (BMR) as measured by whole body calorimetry in women or bedside ventilated hood (Deltatrac) in men. Individual subjects were identified as under-reporters if Urine N:NI was > 1.00 or if EI:EE was < 0.79. The agreement between the two ratios in detecting under-reporting was examined. The results from the direct validation by DLW were also compared with validation using the Goldberg cut-off for EI:BMR (Goldberg et al, 1991). SUBJECTS: Eighteen women aged 50-65 y and 27 men aged 55-87 y were selected from participants in two larger dietary surveys as representing the full range of dietary reporting as measured by Urine N:NI. Data from a previous study of 11 post-obese subjects were also included. RESULTS: The two ratios, Urine N:NI and EI:EE, were significantly related (r = -0.48, P < 0.01). Using the above cut-offs, seven (4F, 3M) subjects were identified as under-reporters by both methods, one (1M) by Urine N:NI only and 8 (3F, 5M) by EI:EE only. There was close agreement in post-obese subjects where 6 subjects showed a substantial degree of under-reporting by both methods (r = -0.87, P < 0.001). The correlation between direct validation by DLW and EI:BMRest was 0.65 (P < 0.001). Some limitations of the Goldberg cut-off for identifying individual under-reporters were demonstrated. CONCLUSIONS: EI:EE provides an estimate of the degree of under-reporting of energy at the group and individual level. Urine N:NI identifies under-reporting of protein intake and the most obvious under-reporters of energy, but is probably of lesser value in estimating the overall degree of under-reporting of energy at group level. Good validation by EI:BMR depends on knowledge of physical activity at both group and individual level. However, the correlation of 0.65 between EI:EE and EI:BMRest suggests that EI:BMR could be usefully incorporated into analysis of data from epidemiological studies. Validation measures consisting of at least predicted EI:BMR ratios and urinary measures should be incorporated into dietary surveys. SPONSORSHIP: This work was funded by the Ministry of Agriculture Fisheries and Food, the Medical Research Council, the Cancer Research Council and the Swedish Medical Research Council and the Henning and Johan Throne-Holst Foundation. 
OBJECTIVE: To compare the effectiveness of combined selenium and alpha-tocopherol acetate treatments in preventing lupinosis-associated myopathy in sheep. DESIGN: Measurement of plasma muscle and liver enzymes, and histopathological examination of muscle and liver in the treatment groups. PROCEDURE: The treatments were: subcutaneous injections of selenomethionine and vitamin E (sc(SeM+E)), an intraruminal selenium pellet and oral doses of vitamin E and intramuscular injections of selenomethionine combined with either oral doses of vitamin E (imSeM+orE) or intramuscular injections of vitamin E in an oily carrier. Another group received no supplements, while a control group was given selenium pellets on day 0 and fortnightly oral doses of vitamin E from day 0 to 72. To produce lupinosis-associated myopathy, the sheep were fed a diet low in vitamin E and given repeated injections of a crude extract of Diaphorthe toxica. Groups sc(SeM+E) and imSeM+orE were stressed by dosing with protected polyunsaturated fatty acids from day 56 onwards. RESULTS: Lupinosis-associated myopathy was induced in all unsupplemented sheep. In these sheep the storage of Se increased and that of vitamin E decreased. The subcutaneous treatment was highly effective in preventing lupinosis-associated myopathy and also produced the highest vitamin E concentrations in plasma and liver. Supplemental vitamin E was more efficacious than supplemental Se. Concentrations of vitamin E in the livers of sheep given intramuscular vitamin E were higher than expected based on plasma concentrations. Oral doses of vitamin E proved the least effective method of increasing concentrations in liver. Lupinosis did not affect Se concentrations in liver or muscle. CONCLUSION: The sc(SeM+E) treatment is highly effective in preventing lupinosis-associated myopathy but needs to be further assessed when selenium and vitamin E are both limiting in the diet. 
This study is an attempt to enhance the resistance of chicken semen to peroxidative damage by supplementing the diet of cockerels with the major lipid-soluble antioxidant alpha-tocopherol. Cockerels at 6 months of age were fed for 8 weeks with feed containing 0, 20, 200 or 1000 mg alpha-tocopherol kg-1. Semen was collected during the final 2 weeks of the supplementation period and the concentrations of alpha-tocopherol in the spermatozoa and the seminal plasma were determined. The concentrations of alpha-tocopherol in whole semen, spermatozoa and seminal plasma were approximately twice as high when the supplementation was 200 mg kg-1 compared with when supplementation was 20 mg kg-1; however, supplementation at 1000 mg kg-1 did not achieve any further increase in these concentrations of alpha-tocopherol. Thus, the concentration of alpha-tocopherol in semen displays only a limited responsiveness to manipulation by dietary means. In contrast, the concentrations of the vitamin in the testes and liver were found to be much more amenable to dietary manipulation, exhibiting increases of six-seven-fold over the whole range of supplementation. However, the dietary-induced increase in the alpha-tocopherol content of semen did result in a significant reduction in the susceptibility of the semen to lipid peroxidation. A further effect of enhancing the concentration of this vitamin in the semen was a significant increase in the proportions of C20-22 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the sperm phospholipids. In addition, the proportion of phosphatidylethanolamine in the phospholipid was increased whereas that of sphingomyelin was reduced at the higher concentrations of alpha-tocopherol supplementation. Thus, an increased dietary intake of alpha-tocopherol does produce beneficial changes in the antioxidant capacity and lipid profile of semen, albeit to a relatively limited extent.
The recommendations for the dietary allowance of iodine are 150 micrograms per day for adolescents and adults. Thyrotropin (TSH) and thyroglobulin (Tg) can be used as surveillance indicators for assessing iodine deficiency disorders. We compared the relation between TSH and Tg, free triiodothyronine, and thyroxine serum levels with urinary iodine excretion in 2311 untreated euthyroid patients using our modified cericarsenite method. An adequate iodine intake may be assumed when TSH and Tg values are at the lower end of the normal range. Patients were grouped according to urinary iodine excretion and goiter size. In the group with an iodine excretion between 201 and 300 micrograms of iodine per gram of creatinine, the lowest TSH values and even low Tg levels could be shown. We conclude that an iodine intake of approximately 250 micrograms/day is associated with the lowest TSH stimulation to thyrocytes. In the groups separated according to thyroid size, significantly higher Tg levels were found in the patients with uninodular and multinodular goiter as a result of longstanding iodine deficiency, whereas actual urinary iodine excretion did not differ significantly. Additionally, iodine excretion of 39,913 euthyroid patients between 1984 was 1996 was examined. In Austria iodized salt (10 mg KI/kg) was introduced by law in 1963 and increased to 20 mg KI/kg salt in 1990. An initial increase of iodine excretion until 1993 was followed by a decrease in 1994 and 1995 without further changes in 1996. These results show that iodine intake has improved since 1984; however, in 1996 iodine excretion in one-third of the investigated patients was under 100 micrograms per gram of creatinine and more than 80% had less than 200 micrograms per gram of creatinine.
1. We evaluated the effects of the dietary restriction of sodium chloride on blood pressure and systemic calcium metabolism in 19 in-patients with essential hypertension (11 men and 8 women, mean age 49.9 +/- 12.1 years). 2. All patients received a high-sodium diet (250 mmol/day) for 1 week, followed by a low-sodium diet (10 mmol/day) for another week. Intake of potassium (100 mmol/day) and of calcium (15 mmol/day) were kept constant throughout the study. 3. Sodium restriction significantly reduced the mean blood pressure (from 114.0 +/- 1.9 to 105.0 +/- 13.7 mmHg, P < 0.01). Urinary calcium excretion was significantly reduced (from 5.1 +/- 2.4 to 2.2 +/- 1.0 mmol/day, P < 0.01). 4. The change in mean blood pressure after sodium restriction was not correlated with a change in any parameter of calcium metabolism [whole blood ionized calcium, plasma intact parathyroid hormone, or 1,25-(OH)2 vitamin D3]. 5. Plasma renin activity during a regular sodium diet, an index of renin status, was significantly and inversely correlated with the change in blood pressure during sodium restriction, but not with any change in the parameters of calcium metabolism. 6. We conclude that sodium restriction reduces blood pressure and decreases urinary calcium excretion. However, we observed no significant role of extracellular calcium concentration or of calciotropic hormone concentration in the mechanism of sodium sensitivity.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of usual dietary intake of zinc and of zinc supplementation during pregnancy on plasma and erythrocyte zinc concentrations. DESIGN: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. SUBJECTS: Low-income African-American women (n = 580) assigned randomly to groups at 19 weeks of gestation. INTERVENTION: A daily dose of zinc (25 mg) or a placebo until delivery. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma, erythrocyte, and dietary zinc levels. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Multiple regression and repeated measures analysis of variance. RESULTS: In both the placebo and the supplemented groups, when all subjects were grouped by usual dietary zinc intake above or below the median (12 mg/day), results were the same: Women with high dietary zinc intake had higher erythrocyte zinc levels at the time of randomization and at all subsequent measurements during pregnancy than those who had low dietary zinc intake (P < or = .06; difference not significant for zinc-supplemented group); no difference was observed for plasma zinc levels. On the other hand, when the subjects were stratified at the median by total daily zinc intake (usual dietary zinc + 25 mg zinc supplement) during pregnancy, a significant difference in plasma zinc levels (P < .005) was found between women with high total zinc intake (mean = 38 mg/day) and low total intake (mean = 13 mg/day) at 26, 32, and 38 weeks of gestation; however, no such differences were found in erythrocyte zinc levels. APPLICATIONS: These results should help dietitians and other health professionals better understand the expected changes in plasma and erythrocyte zinc levels during pregnancy, and the relationship between dietary and supplemental zinc and zinc nutriture. 
Some epidemiological observations indicate that 1 to 2 weekly servings of fish prevent ischemic heart disease (IHD). This might be explained by an effect of the very-long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 VLCPUFA) of fish oil on lipid metabolism and/or the hemostatic system, both involved in IHD development. We studied the effect of incorporating natural fish oil (4 g daily equivalent to 0.91 g n-3 VLCPUFA and corresponding to one to two weekly servings of fatty fish) into the diet in a 4-week parallel, randomized, and double-blind trial of 47 healthy males aged 29 to 60 years. Sunflower oil was used as placebo. The fish oil had no significant effect on plasma lipids, apolipoproteins, lipoprotein(a), blood coagulation FVII, fibrinogen, endogenous fibrinolysis, beta-thromboglobulin, von Willebrand factor, glucose, or insulin in fasting blood samples. In nonfasting samples (n = 19), fish oil was associated with an approximately 30% decline in plasma triglycerides (P < .02) and a 9% decline in FVII protein (P < .05), whereas FVII coagulant activity and fibrinolysis were unaffected. In conclusion, our findings indicate that lowering of postprandial triglycerides is the only n-3 VLCPUFA effect that could contribute to primary prevention of IHD in healthy middle-aged men as assessed by currently measurable lipid and hemostatic risk markers.
We compared the iodine excretion and thyroid volumes in young students with or without continuous use of iodized salt in household. Students from five different Universities in Bavaria were evaluated on a voluntary basis. Exclusion criteria were age above 35 years, known thyroid illness except simple goiter, application of x-ray contrast medium within the last 6 months or other known exposure to high doses of iodine. The participants answered a questionnaire indicating permanent utilization of iodized salt for more than one year during all their meals, the intake of iodide tablets and eating in student cafeterias, offering meals that are prepared with iodized salt. Morning spot urine was drawn from each participant to measure creatinine correlated iodide excretion and thyroid volume was measured by ultrasound. In this study, 932 students could be included, mean age was 24 years, 501 females, 431 males. Chronic users of iodized salt were 75.9% (80.4% females, 70.5% males), 1.7% were on iodide tablets (200 micrograms/day) and 2.6% were on TSH suppressive therapy with thyroid hormones. The mean iodide excretion in chronic iodized salt users was 72.0 (+/- 68.7) micrograms/g creatinine compared to non-users 66.0 (+/- 65.4) micrograms/g creatinine (p < 0.003). Those students who were on iodide tablets had a mean iodide excretion of 130.0 +/- 72.0 micrograms/g creatinine. Mean thyroid volume was 14.1 (4.4-44.1) ml in females and 17.1 (6.6-64.4) ml in males, solid thyroid nodules were detected in 5.9% and thyroid cysts in 2.7% of the participants without any difference between iodized salt users or non-users.
Blood serum concentration of IGF-I was analyzed to determine its relationship with individual postweaning feed efficiency (gain/feed) of 36 crossbred steer calves fed at three levels of feed intake (n = 12 at each level). Diets consisted of a corn silage-based growing diet for 84 d followed by a 91% concentrate finishing diet for 56 d. Dietary intake levels were at 80, 90, or 100% of ad libitum. Diets were formulated to ensure equal daily intake of protein, vitamins, and minerals across intake treatment levels. Intake was measured daily; ADG, DMI, and feed efficiency were calculated at 28-d intervals, through d 140. Individual weights and serum samples were collected at the beginning of the study and at 28-d intervals thereafter. The IGF-I concentrations were determined with a RIA. Data were analyzed as a multivariate split-plot in time. Imposed dietary intake restrictions did not affect serum IGF-I concentration (P = .90) or individual feed efficiency (P = .36), even though the least squares means for IGF-I concentration tended to decrease and the feed efficiency means tended to increase under the restricted intake levels. Serum IGF-I concentration, ADG, and feed efficiency were affected (P < .001) by collection date. Residual correlations between IGF-I concentrations at adjacent 28-d sampling times averaged .72. Diet intake level x sampling time interactions existed for ADG (P = .02) and feed efficiency (P < .001). Positive residual correlations of .28 (P < .001) and .16 (P = .07) existed between IGF-I and ADG and between IGF-I and feed efficiency, respectively. Regression analysis indicated that a 1 ng/mL increase in serum IGF-I concentration was associated with a .00135 kg/d increase in ADG (P < .001) and a .0001 kg gain/kg feed increase in feed efficiency (P = .04). These results support the hypothesis that serum IGF-I plays a role in growth and in efficiency of feed utilization in beef cattle.
Average levels of thyroxine (T4), triiodothyronine (T3) and reverse-triiodothyronine (rT3) in blood plasma of 159 Estonian Red and Estonian Black and White cows were 55.2 nmol/L, 1.78 nmol/L and 0.25 nmol/L respectively. Animals were grouped according to stage of lactation. The T4 level was significantly lower during the early stage of lactation (45.1 nmol/L), compared with later stages, but increased as the stage of lactation progressed (late stage of lactation - 56.7, dry cows 64.3 nmol/L). The T3 level was significantly higher at the late stage of lactation (1.93 nmol/L) compared with the early stage of lactation (1.71 nmol/L) and level in dry cows (1.71 nmol/L). rT3 showed a trend similar to that found for T4 (lowest plasma concentration in early lactation, 0.19; highest in the dry period, 0.33; late lactation, 0.24 nmol/L). Levels of all thyroid hormones were negatively related to the daily milk yield (T4-r = -.51, rT3-r = -.47, calculated thyroid index as rT3 x T3 x T4-r = -.52, for all p < .0001; T3-r = -.32, p < .01). Plasma thyroid hormone concentrations were affected by energy and dietary protein intake. Differences were found in thyroid hormone levels between the 2 breeds and between summer and winter holding periods for Estonian Red cows, which could all be explained by differences in the feeding level and daily milk yield. It is suggested that maintaining low levels of thyroid hormones in early lactation may be one of the dairy cow's mechanisms of reducing metabolic demand.
OBJECTIVE: We studied whether the validity of fat estimates from food frequency questionnaires (FFQ) can be increased by using in nutrient calculation an additional qualitative information about the type of fat and reduced consumption of visible fat and skin. DESIGN: A random sample of women answered an 88-item self-administered FFQ and performed 4 x 1-week weighed dietary records (DR). SETTING: Uppsala County in central Sweden. SUBJECTS: One hundred and eighty-four women aged 30-77 y, with FFQ and complete DR; 73 women with subcutaneous adipose tissue (AT) samples. METHODS: Fat intake from the FFQ was calculated with/without use of qualitative information and compared to DR and fat composition of AT. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Estimates of long-time intake of total fat, saturated, monounsaturated, polyunsaturated fat and ten specific fatty acids based on FFQ, DR and composition of AT. RESULTS: Mean absolute fat intake estimates based on FFQ (without vs with use of additional fat information) were 21.2 vs 20.2 g/d for saturated, 17.1 vs 16.0 g/d for monounsaturated and 7.3 vs 7.3 g/d for polyunsaturated fat. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the FFQ and AT for polyunsaturated fat was 0.65 vs 0.67. Corresponding correlation between the FFQ and DR was 0.40 vs 0.41; adjustment for energy intake increased this correlation from 0.40 to 0.52. CONCLUSIONS: The increase in the validity of fat estimates due to use of qualitative information about fat was negligible; energy adjustment had greater impact than asking additional questions. 
BACKGROUND: The high social-economic cost of nephrolithiasis wholly justifies the attempts to understand its mechanism and avoid recurrences. The influence of dietary habits and urinary risk factors has been evaluated, but the results were discrepant, probably because of differences in the methodologies used to compare patients and controls. METHODS: The aim was to assess dietary and urinary risk factors for urinary stones by comparison between 108 calcium stone formers (SF) and 210 healthy subjects (HS). All subjects were recruited during the same 1 year period. Personal characteristics, dietary habits (evaluated through a food frequency questionnaire) and urinary biochemical parameters were collected. The high predominance of men in the SF group led us to focus on the 79 SF and the 96 HS men. RESULTS: A familial history of stones was reported more frequently in SF than in HS, 42.9% vs 17.6%, P<0.005. Body weight was higher in SF, 76.8+/-12.2 kg vs 72.8+/-9.6 kg, P=0.02; and calcium intake was lower in SF, 794.8+/-294.1 mg vs 943.6+/-345.4 mg, P<0.01. For urinary parameters, calcium and oxalate output were significantly higher in SF. Urinary urea, as a reflection of daily protein intake, and uric acid were also higher in SF. Urinary citrate excretion related to body weight was lower in SF. Calciuria was significantly correlated with urinary urea in both SF and HS, but the correlation was stronger for SF. Calciuria correlated significantly with natriuria only in HS. CONCLUSIONS: The main differences between SF and HS were that SF had a family history of stones, a higher body weight, a lower daily intake of calcium, and a higher urinary output of calcium and oxalate. These results underline the combined role of genetic and nutritional factors in the pathogenesis of urinary stone formation. 
Ruminally degradable intake protein (DIP) and metabolizable indispensable amino acid (MIAA) requirements of feedlot steers were evaluated. Dietary treatments consisted of isocaloric 80% concentrate steam-flaked corn-based diets containing either .8% urea, 1.5% fish meal (FM), 3.0% FM, 4.5% FM, or 4.5% soybean meal (SBM). Treatment effects on characteristics of ruminal and total tract digestion were evaluated using four Holstein steers (249 kg) with cannulas in the rumen and proximal duodenum. Ruminal digestibility of OM (RDOM; P < .05) and feed N (P < .01) and microbial N flow (MNF; P < .01) to the small intestine were greater with urea as the supplemental N source. The level of DIP was closely associated (R2 = .89) with MNF. Postruminal digestibility of OM was greater (P < .05) for FM than for urea-supplemented diets, compensating for lower RDOM. There were no treatment effects (P > .10) on DOM. As the level of FM was increased, MIAA increased linearly (P < .01). Intestinal MIAA were similar (P > .10) for urea- and SBM-supplemented diets. Treatment effects on 56-d growth performance were evaluated using 100 medium-framed crossbred steers (231 kg). Daily weight gain (linear effect; P < .01), DM intake (linear effect; P < .10), feed efficiency (linear effect; P < .05), and diet NE (linear effect; P < .05) increased with level of FM supplementation. Daily weight gain (P < .10) and DM intake (P < .05) were greater for urea- than for SBM-supplemented diets. Using bovine tissue as the reference protein, the biological value (based on chemical score) of the intestinal chyme protein averaged 73%; methionine was first-limiting. There was a close association (R2 = .99) between methionine supply to the small intestine and observed/expected dietary NE. The metabolizable methionine requirement (MMETR, g/d) of medium-framed feedlot steers can be reliably predicted from measures of BW and ADG (MMETR = 1.565 + .0234ADG[268 - (29.4 x .0557BW(.75)ADG(1.097))/ADG] + .0896BW(.75)). There was a very close association (R2 = .89) between DIP and MNF (MNF = 13.7DIP - .66DIP(2) + 25.9). At maximal observed synthesis, DIP accounted for 76% of the MNF. A minimum of 100 g DIP/kg of total tract digestible OM was required to maximize RDOM and MNF.
To investigate the effect of a low (80 mmol/d) or high (180 mmol/d) Na intake for 14d on biochemical markers of bone turnover in Na-sensitive and Na-non-sensitive healthy young women, twenty-nine subjects were screened for responsiveness of urinary Ca excretion to increasing dietary Na intake (40, 80, 120 and 200 mmol/d for 7 d). In a crossover study, the eight Na-sensitive and eight of the twenty-one Na-non-sensitive subjects were randomly assigned to diets containing either 80 or 180 mmol Na/d for 14d followed by crossover to the alternative diet for a further 14 d. Dietary Ca was restricted to 12.5 mmol/d throughout. During each dietary period, fasting morning first void urine samples (last 3 d) and fasting blood serum samples (morning of twelfth day) were collected. Increasing Na intake from 80 to 180 mmol/d increased urinary Na about twofold in both the Na-sensitive and Na-non-sensitive groups and increased urinary Ca excretion (by 73%) in the Na-sensitive group only. Biochemical markers of bone resorption (urinary pyridinoline and deoxypyridinoline) and bone formation (serum osteocalcin and bone-specific alkaline phosphatase; EC 3.1.3.1) were unaffected by increasing dietary Na in either group. It is concluded that the Na-induced calciuria observed in the Na-sensitive healthy young women did not result in increased bone resorption or turnover and, despite restricted Ca intake, adaptation of dietary Ca absorption may have compensated for the increased urinary Ca loss.
Hypercholesterolemic children are increasingly being treated with lipid-lowering diets, but little research has focused on the effects of specific dietary substitutions on HDL cholesterol. We examined the relation between carbohydrate intake and HDL cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic children consuming fat-restricted diets. We obtained 3-d food records for 67 children (mean age: 5.8 +/- 2.5 y) referred for the treatment of hypercholesterolemia. Mean plasma HDL cholesterol was 1.12 +/- 0.21 mmol/L and total cholesterol was 5.99 +/- 1.39 mmol/L. Dietary intake comprised (percentage of total energy) 24.9 +/- 5.1% fat, 59.9 +/- 6.5% carbohydrate, and 16.5 +/- 3.4% protein. Carbohydrate intake included 30.7 +/- 7.4% from simple and 22.6 +/- 6.2% from complex carbohydrates. HDL cholesterol was positively correlated with intake of total fat (r = 0.44, P < 0.001) and saturated fatty acids (r = 0.43, P < 0.001) and inversely correlated with intake of total carbohydrate (r = -0.55, P < 0.001) and simple carbohydrate (r = -0.40, P < 0.001), but not with complex carbohydrate (r = -0.02). The significant inverse relation between simple carbohydrate intake and HDL cholesterol remained after intakes of saturated, monounsaturated, and polyunsaturated fatty acids; intake of complex carbohydrates; dietary cholesterol; plasma triacylglycerol; and age were adjusted for with multivariate techniques. In summary, higher dietary intake of simple carbohydrates was associated with lower HDL-cholesterol concentrations in hypercholesterolemic children consuming reduced-fat diets.
We have investigated the changes in biochemical markers and in pyridinium cross-links in bone in hypophosphatemic rats. Six-week-old female Wistar rats were divided into two groups (normal diet and a phosphate-deficient diet) and fed for 8 weeks. A low phosphate intake caused a significant difference in the concentrations of osteocalcin and alkaline phosphatase with advancing rachitis as well as an increase in bone resorption marker concentrations in urine. Femur biochemical analysis revealed a significant (p < 0.005) increase in deoxypyridinoline per mole collagen in the phosphate-deficient group which suggested that urinary excretions of pyridinium cross-links might reflect not only bone resorption but also increased pyridinium cross-links in bone matrix collagen. Our results demonstrate that a low phosphate intake causes an increase of pyridinium cross-link formation as well as a discrepancy between the circulation levels of alkaline phosphatase and osteocalcin with advancing rachitis. These alterations induced by low phosphate intake should be considered when interpreting the values of biochemical markers.
BACKGROUND: We have started a large birth cohort study in which pregnant women with and without atopy are differentially included. In view of the large number of subjects to be screened (12000), a simple questionnaire was developed for the assessment of atopy in pregnant women. OBJECTIVE: The objective of our study was to evaluate the efficacy of a questionnaire using serum IgE tests. METHODS: During a antenatal visit to the midwife clinic, 175 expecting mothers completed a questionnaire and from each subject blood was obtained in which total and specific IgE against house dust mite, cat, dog, birch and grass was determined. RESULTS: When atopy was defined as the presence of a positive test for IgE against at least one allergen, seven questions from the questionnaire had a sensitivity and specificity of 55.0% and 88.7%, respectively. With the use of the questionnaire it was possible to select about 50% of the subjects with specific IgE to one or more common inhalant allergens. The positive predictive value of the screening questions was 71.7%. Taking total IgE into account did not change these results. CONCLUSION: The screening questionnaire is an efficient tool for differential inclusion of subjects with and without atopy in epidemiological studies. 
Flavonols are antioxidants that may reduce the risk of heart disease. Two major flavonols in the diet are quercetin and kaempferol, and their main sources in The Netherlands are tea and onions. We investigated whether plasma concentrations and urinary excretion of quercetin and kaempferol in humans could be used as biomarkers of intake. We provided 15 subjects with strong black tea (1600 mL/d) or fried onions (129 g/d) for 3 d each in random order separated by a 4-d washout period. The tea provided 49 mg quercetin and 27 mg kaempferol daily and the onions provided 13 mg quercetin and no kaempferol. Flavonols from both foods were clearly absorbed. However, the excretion of unmodified quercetin was 0.5% of intake after tea and 1.1% after onions. Thus, the absorption of quercetin from tea was half of that from onions. The onion treatment was repeated 7-14 d later to estimate within-subject CVs as a measure of reproducibility when the same treatment is given twice. CVs for quercetin were 30% in plasma and 42% in urine. The magnitude of these variations relative to actual variations of approximately 60% between free-living subjects indicates that concentrations of quercetin in plasma and urine are applicable as biomarkers of its intake. We conclude that flavonols in plasma and urine reflect short-term flavonol intake and that they could be used as biomarkers to distinguish between high and low flavonol consumption in epidemiologic studies.
The role of dietary calcium in the etiology of hypertension is controversial. In 1995, Cappuccio et al. (American Journal of Epidemiology,1995;142:935-45) examined this issue in a meta-analysis of observational studies published between 1983 and 1993. The author of the present paper reviewed the original studies underlying this meta-analysis and discovered that data from one study had been inappropriately extracted and converted, leading to an understatement of the calcium-blood pressure relation by a factor of about 30. This review also raised questions about the extraction and conversion of data from several other studies and about the statistical methods used. The author repeated the meta-analyses and discovered an unadjusted regression slope between dietary calcium and systolic blood pressure of -0.34 mmHg/100 mg per day (95% confidence interval (CI) -0.46 to -0.22) for men, -0.15 mmHg/100 mg per day (95% CI -0.19 to -0.11) for women, and -0.39 mmHg/100 mg per day (95% CI -0.47 to -0.31) for men and women. For diastolic blood pressure, the pooled regression slope for men was -0.22 mmHg/100 mg per day (95% CI -0.32 to -0.13), while for women it was -0.051 mmHg/100 mg per day (95% CI -0.090 to -0.012); for men and women it was -0.35 mmHg/100 mg per day (95% CI -0.67 to -0.02). These slopes are still modest but are larger than those reported in the original analysis. However, since all of these analyses were based on zero-order correlations or regressions, extreme caution must be exercised in interpreting the results.
OBJECTIVE: To develop a short, patient-based questionnaire for auditing the outcomes of treatment for benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and to evaluate the acceptability, reliability and validity of the measure. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Data from a long research questionnaire used in the Oxford/North West Thames Prostatectomy Study were analysed to identify the subset of items which contained the most scientifically sound indicators of outcome. Items were selected on the basis of standard psychometric analyses to develop a short questionnaire, the Prostate Outcomes Questionnaire (POQ), a 27-item instrument covering urinary symptoms, complications after surgery, quality of life and patient satisfaction with outcome. The POQ was field tested for acceptability, reliability and validity in a postal survey of 125 men undergoing transurethral resection of the prostate for BPH from seven hospitals in south-east England. RESULTS: The POQ was highly acceptable to patients, as indicated by a 95% response rate, the absence of 'floor' and 'ceiling' effects and a low proportion of missing data. It showed excellent internal consistency reliability (Cronbach's alpha of 0.82-0.93 for the five summary scales and a mean item-total correlation of 0.56) and test-retest reliability (test-retest correlations for items were 0.40-1.00, with a mean test-retest correlation of 0.85, and for summary scales of 0.91-0.95). Construct validity was confirmed by: high intercorrelations between the five summary scales and the total score (0.88-0.95), with a pattern of intercorrelations among specific subscales that showed item-convergent and discriminant validity; higher scores for patients who reported an improvement after surgery than in those who were not improved (P < 0.001); the expected gradient of scores for patients reporting different levels of symptom distress (P < 0.001); high correlations with the longer parent questionnaire (0.75-0.88); and low to moderate correlations with the Nottingham Health Profile and Activities of Daily Living scores (0.15-0.67), with the pattern of correlations providing evidence of scale convergent and discriminant validity. Correlations with age and social class were low, suggesting that responses were not biased by sociodemographic factors. CONCLUSION: The POQ is a practical and scientifically sound patient-based measure of outcome after treatment for BPH which can be used for routine audit. It takes < 5 min to complete, is feasible for routine monitoring of large numbers of patients by postal survey, and is accompanied by a Users' Manual which provides practical help in conducting a local patient survey, and a computer program for scoring data. Most importantly, the POQ has been shown scientifically to perform well, having met standard psychometric criteria for reliability and validity. 
In a randomized, crossover dietary intervention study, 12 Australians (of white descent) consumed a diet typical of low-income communities in China and an average Australian diet so that effects on fecal markers thought to be relevant to colon cancer risk could be compared. The Chinese diet contained 35.3 g starch/MJ daily [including 2 g resistant starch (RS)/MJ and 1.5 g nonstarch polysaccharides (NSPs)/MJ]; the Australian diet contained 12 g starch/MJ daily (including 0.8 g RS and 2.7 g NSPs/MJ). Subjects followed each diet for 3 wk. Serum cholesterol concentrations were significantly lower after the low-fat, high-starch Chinese diet than after the Australian diet (mean +/- SEM: 4.17 +/- 0.30 compared with 5.04 +/- 0.28 mmol/L, respectively, P < 0.05), a difference indicative of dietary compliance. Fecal pH was lower after the Chinese diet (6.51 +/- 0.04) than after the Australian diet (6.63 +/- 0.05; P < 0.05). For all other fecal markers examined, however, the Chinese diet produced less favorable changes, including lower fecal bulk (86 +/- 11 compared with 141 +/- 20 g wet wt/d, P < 0.01), slower transit through the gut (69 +/- 6 compared with 56 +/- 7 h, P = 0.06), lower fecal concentrations of short-chain fatty acids [72.8 +/- 7.3 compared with 98 +/- 7.6 mmol/L (including butyrate: 12.2 +/- 1.3 compared with 18.4 +/- 2.3 mmol/L), P < 0.05], and higher fecal concentrations of potentially damaging ammonia (540 +/- 50 compared with 450 +/- 40 mg/L, P < 0.01) and phenols (109.2 +/- 13.2 compared with 68.5 +/- 12.9 mg/L, P < 0.01). These results suggest that consumption of a high-starch diet alone is insufficient to reduce the risk of developing colon cancer.
UNLABELLED: Alpha-gluthathione-S-transferases (alpha-GSTs) are enzymes involved in the cellular detoxifying processes; elevated circulating alpha-GSTs activity is considered to be an early index of liver damage. Glutathione (GSH) is the substrate for alpha-GST action. THE AIMS OF OUR STUDY WERE: (1) to evaluate plasma GSH levels and alpha-GST activity in chronic alcohol abusers with or without liver cirrhosis; (2) to define the relationship between these two biochemical parameters; (3) to establish their clinical relevance in patients with alcohol abuse and/or liver damage. We studied 69 subjects (18 healthy subjects and 51 chronic alcohol abusers: 29 without liver cirrhosis and 22 with). Plasma alpha-GST activity was determined on baseline samples and every following day for a total of 10 days in five alcoholics by HEPKIT (Alpha-Biotech, Biotrin International, Dublin, Ireland). GSH was determined on all subjects' baseline samples by fluorescent high-performance liquid chromatography. Alcohol intake was evaluated in all patients by determining blood-alcohol concentrations. Significant increases in plasma alpha-GSTs were observed in 9/29 (31%) alcoholics and 3/22 (13.6%) cirrhotics irrespective of their alcohol intake. GSH was significantly lower than normal values (P < 0.001) in all alcoholics with or without cirrhosis (controls 10.4 +/- 4.8; alcoholics without cirrhosis 3.9 +/- 1.4; alcoholics with cirrhosis 3.3 +/- 1.6). No correlation was observed between plasma alpha-GST and GSH levels. Our data indicate that: (1) alpha-GST activity does not correlate with GSH levels in the plasma; (2) alpha-GSTs do not have clinical relevance as markers of recent alcohol intake; (3) in cirrhotics, alpha-GST does not provide more information than other liver function tests. However, plasma alpha-GST determination may be useful in selecting a subgroup of alcoholics in whom routine biochemical markers of liver damage are within reference ranges. 
BACKGROUND/AIM: Previous studies in vitro and in animals in vivo found that alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3omega3) may enhance oxidative damage of essential amino acids. We investigated whether the addition of the long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) arachidonate (C20:4omega-6; AA) and docosahexaenoate (C22:6-omega3; DHA) in the form of egg phospholipids to infant formula affects plasma amino acid concentrations and indices of protein metabolism in term infants. METHODS: In a double-blind, randomized clinical trial, healthy infants were fed from day 5 of life formula with or without preformed LCPUFA (n = 10 and 12, respectively). At the age of 5 days and 1, 2, 3 and 4 months, blood samples were obtained and analyzed for plasma amino acids by high-performance liquid chromatography and for plasma phospholipid fatty acid composition by gas chromatography. RESULTS: At the age of 3 months, plasma threonine concentrations were significantly lower in infants receiving dietary LCPUFA than in controls (124 +/- 16 vs. 216 +/- 28 micromol/l, p < 0.05). Values of other plasma essential amino acids, total protein, albumin, creatinine and urea nitrogen did not differ between the two feeding groups throughout the study. At the age of 5 days, plasma phospholipid AA and DHA concentrations were inversely correlated with histidine concentrations (AA: r = -0.60, p = 0.01; DHA: r = -0.53, p < 0.05). At the age of 3 months, DHA concentrations were inversely related to plasma histidine, methionine and threonine concentrations (r = -0.66, -0.62, and -0.64, respectively, p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The dietary LCPUFA supplementation of infant formula used in this study has no adverse effects on infant plasma amino acid concentrations and indicators of protein metabolism. Nonetheless, the apparent interaction of LCPUFA with some amino acids in formula-fed infants warrants further investigation. 
Isothiocyanates (ITCs), degradation products of glucosinolates (which occur naturally in a variety of cruciferous vegetables), have been shown to exhibit chemopreventive activity. These compounds are metabolized in vivo to form the corresponding dithiocarbamates, which are the major urinary metabolites of ITCs, by a pathway involving the glutathione S-transferase (GST) class of enzymes. Using a newly developed assay that measures total ITC (primarily ITC conjugates) in urine, we examined the relationships between cruciferous vegetable intake (obtained from a food frequency/portion size questionnaire administered in person); dietary total ITC level; GSTM1, GSTT1, and GSTP1 genotypes; and levels of total ITC in spot urine samples collected from 246 Singapore Chinese (111 men and 135 women), ages 45-74 years, who are participants of the Singapore Cohort Study on diet and cancer. Consumption level of cruciferous vegetables was high in study subjects (mean consumption = 345 times per year, mean daily intake = 40.6 g), which was >3 times the comparable level of intake in the United States. Mean daily intake of total ITC among study subjects was 9.1 micromol, and there was a 2.5-fold difference between the 25th and 75th percentile values. Seventy-three % of study subjects tested positive for ITC in urine, and there was a 4-fold difference between the 25th and 75th percentile values among the positive subjects. There was a highly significant positive association between dietary intake and urinary excretion levels of total ITC (two-sided P = 0.0003) that was stronger than the association between overall cruciferous vegetable intake and urinary ITC level, which also was statistically significant (P = 0.0004). There was no difference in urinary ITC levels between GSTM1-null and GSTM1-positive study subjects (P = 0.61) or between subjects with differing GSTP1 genotypes (P = 0.77), but urinary excretion of ITC was significantly higher among GSTT1-positive subjects, relative to GSTT1-null subjects (P = 0.006). The strength of the association between GSTT1 genotype and urinary total ITC level was highly dependent on the level of cruciferous vegetable consumption (or dietary ITC level) in study subjects. Among subjects in the lowest tertile of cruciferous vegetable intake, there was little evidence of an association between GSTT1 genotype and urinary total ITC level (P = 0.67). In contrast, there was a strong and statistically significant association between GSTT1 genotype and urinary total ITC among subjects in the highest tertile of cruciferous vegetable intake (P = 0.02), whereas those in the middle tertile of cruciferous vegetable consumption exhibited an association of intermediate strength (P = 0.04). These results suggest the presence of GSTT1 inducers in cruciferous vegetables.
We have obtained stable lead isotope and lead concentration data from a longitudinal study of mobilization of lead from the maternal skeleton during pregnancy and lactation and in which the newly born infants were monitored for 6 months postpartum to evaluate the effects of the local environment on lead body burden of the infant. Samples of maternal and infant blood, urine, and diet and especially breast milk were measured for 21 mothers and 24 infants. Blood lead concentrations were less than 5 microg/dl in all except one subject. The mean lead concentration in breast milk +/- standard deviation was 0.73 +/- 0.70 microg/kg. In seven subjects for whom serial breast milk sampling was possible, the lead concentration varied by factors of from 2 to 4, and for three subjects there was an increase at or after 90 days postpartum. For the first 60-90 days postpartum, the contribution from breast milk to blood lead in the infants varied from 36 to 80%. Multiple linear regression analyses indicated statistically significant relationships for some of the variables of isotope ratios and lead concentrations between breast milk, blood, urine, and diet for infants and mothers. For example, the analyses revealed that both a mother's breast milk 207Pb/206Pb and 206Pb/204Pb ratios and lead concentration provide information to predict her infant's blood 207Pb/206Pb and 206Pb/204Pb ratios. The major sources of lead in breast milk are from the maternal bone and diet. An evaluation of breast milk lead concentrations published over the last 15 years indicates that studies in which the ratio of lead concentrations in breast milk to lead concentrations in whole maternal blood (Multiple>100) were greater than 15 should be viewed with caution because of potential contamination during sampling and/or laboratory analyses. Selected studies also appear to show a linear relationship between breast milk and maternal whole blood, with the percentage of lead in breast milk compared with whole blood of <3% in subjects with blood lead levels ranging from 2 to 34 microgram/dl. The levels of lead in breast milk are thus similar to those in plasma. Breast-fed infants are only at risk if the mother is exposed to high concentrations of contaminants either from endogenous sources such as the skeleton or exogenous sources.
The aim of the present study was to investigate the relationship of Ca intake and serum Ca levels during the third trimester of pregnancy with levels of the same mineral in transition milk (days 13-14 of lactation) and mature milk (day 40 of lactation). The study subjects were a group of fifty-seven healthy, lactating mothers aged between 18 and 35 years (mean 27 (SD 3.7) years) whose pregnancies and labour were attended by the Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology of Cuenca INSALUD Hospital, Spain. Ca intake during the third trimester was determined by recording the consumption of foods over a 5 d period and by registering Ca provided by dietary supplements. The same method was used to investigate the intake of protein, vitamin D, fibre and Fe, nutrients that could affect the use of dietary Ca. Ca levels in maternal serum during this stage of pregnancy, during lactation and in transition and mature milk samples, were determined using 2-cresolphthalein complexone. During pregnancy 70.2% of subjects showed Ca intakes below 1100 mg/d (75th percentile). The consumption of Ca supplements was very small and hardly modified the mean quantity supplied by the diet. Subjects with an intake < 1100 mg/d showed no fall in Ca levels in serum, either during pregnancy or lactation, nor were decreased levels found in transition milk. However, these subjects showed lower Ca levels in mature milk (5.95 (SD 1.56) mmol/l) than did subjects with greater Ca intakes (6.82 (SD 1.31) mmol/l). This may suggest that breast-fed babies of mothers with lower Ca intakes during pregnancy also receive less Ca.
OBJECTIVES: To assess effects of vaccination against fescue toxicosis on weight gain, serum prolactin and cholesterol concentrations, and alkaline phosphatase (ALP) activity in mice fed an endophyte-infected (EI) or endophyte-free (EF) fescue diet. ANIMALS: 50 six-week-old male BALB/c mice. PROCEDURE: Mice were randomly allocated to the following 5 groups: 1, vaccinated intraperitoneally with a bovine serum albumin-ergotamine (EG) conjugate and fed an EI fescue diet; 2, orally vaccinated with cholera toxin (CT) subunit B-EG conjugate mixed with free CT and fed an EI fescue diet; 3, not vaccinated and fed an EI fescue diet; 4, passively vaccinated with monoclonal antibodies specific for ergovaline (EV) and fed an EI fescue diet; and 5, not vaccinated and fed an EF fescue diet. RESULTS: Antibodies against EG and EV were in serum of mice of groups 1 and 4, respectively. Secretory IgA and IgG coproantibodies against EG were induced in mice of group 2. Weight increased in groups 1 and 2 and tended to be increased in group 4 versus group 3. Prolactin concentration was similar in all groups; cholesterol concentration was decreased in groups 1, 3, and 4, compared with group 5. Compared with that in group 5, serum ALP activity decreased in groups 1 and 4 and was further decreased in group 1, compared with that in groups 2 and 3; it was negatively correlated with anti-EG titer. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Induction of anti-EG antibodies and administration of EV monoclonal antibodies tended to increase short-term weight gain in this murine model of fescue toxicosis. However, systemic IgG antibodies against EG or EV antibodies were not protective against decreases in serum ALP activity and cholesterol concentrations. Clinical significance of decreased ALP activity associated with vaccination is unknown, but represents a worsening of a response often associated with fescue toxicosis in cattle. 
An association has been found between high blood pressure (BP) and the regular consumption of alcohol in epidemiological studies, and a repeated withdrawal reaction to alcohol is considered one of the mechanisms of high BP in drinkers. In this study, we investigated the association between BP and alcohol consumption on the previous day in regular male drinkers. The study participants were 551 men aged 20 to 59 yr who drank alcohol regularly. BP was measured and information on daily alcohol intake was obtained from each participant by a questionnaire, which also asked whether alcohol had been consumed on the day before BP measurement. Age-adjusted BP was compared between participants who had (n=504, 91.6%) and those who had not (n=47, 8.4%) consumed alcohol on the previous day. There were no significant differences between the two groups with regard to BP or body mass index. Even after excluding subjects who were receiving anti-hypertensive drugs, there was still no significant difference in age-adjusted BP between the two groups. Our study found no association between BP and alcohol consumption on the previous day in regular male drinkers, which implies that alcohol withdrawal after 1 d of abstinence cannot explain the high blood pressure found in regular drinkers in this Japanese middle-aged population.
The contributing role of vascular endothelium in the development of hypertension-related vascular damage is well accepted. Salt-sensitive hypertension is characterized by a cluster of renal, hormonal, and metabolic derangements that might favor the development of cardiovascular and renal damage. To evaluate endothelial involvement in salt-sensitive essential hypertension, plasma levels of several markers of endothelial damage such as endothelin-1 (ET-1), von Willebrand factor (vWf), and soluble (S-) adhesion molecules E-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), and 24-hour urinary albumin excretion (UAE) were measured in 39 nondiabetic, nonobese, never-treated essential hypertensive patients after intermediate (120 mmol/d), high (220 mmol/d), and low (20 mmol/d) NaCl diets. Patients were classified as salt sensitive (n=18) or salt resistant (n=21) according to their blood pressure responses to changes in dietary NaCl intake. Salt-sensitive hypertensives showed higher plasma ET-1 (P<0.05), vWf (P<0.005), and S-E-selectin levels (P<0.04) and increased UAE (P<0.05) than salt-resistant hypertensives. By contrast, circulating S-ICAM-1 and S-VCAM-1 concentrations were not significantly higher in salt-sensitive (596. 56+/-177.05 ng/mL and 541.06+/-157.84 ng/mL, respectively) than salt-resistant patients (516.86+/-147.99 ng/mL and 449.48+/-158.91 ng/mL, respectively). During the intermediate NaCl diet, plasma ET-1 responses to oral glucose load were greater in salt-sensitive (P<0. 05) than in salt-resistant patients. A marked (P<0.05) hyperinsulinemic response to oral glucose load was evident in salt-sensitive but not salt-resistant patients after each diet. This study shows increased plasma levels of the endothelium-derived substances E-selectin, vWf, and ET-1 in salt-sensitive hypertensives. Our findings support the hypothesis that salt sensitivity is correlated with an increased risk for developing hypertension-related cardiovascular damage.
OBJECTIVE: To study the relationships between fish intake and different markers of selenium status and thyroid hormone function. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING AND SUBJECTS: Sixty-eight men (age 24-79 years) were recruited among coastal fishermen and inland subjects from Latvia. None of the subjects was on selenium medication or had any known endocrine disease. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Correlations between fish intake, plasma levels of selenium, selenoprotein P, glutathione peroxidase, organic mercury in erythrocytes and TSH in serum. RESULTS: Selenium in plasma ranged from 0.30 to 1.56 micromol/l, selenoprotein P from 0.54 to 2.21 arbitrary units relative to pooled plasma, and glutathione peroxidase from 1.20 to 5.73 mg/l. The number of fish meals per month was correlated with plasma selenium, selenoprotein P and glutathione peroxidase (r = 0.63, r = 0.62 and r = 0.50, respectively; P<0.001). Plasma selenium was correlated with selenoprotein P and glutathione peroxidase (r = 0.88 and r = 0.67, respectively; P < 0.001), and also selenoprotein P and glutathione peroxidase were correlated (r = 0.63, P < 0.001). The mean plasma selenium level in those with a high fish intake (21-50 fish meals/month), was 81% higher than in those with lowest fish intake. TSH in serum was inversely correlated with plasma selenium and selenoprotein P. Thyroid hormone levels were not correlated with plasma selenium, selenoproteins or fish intake. CONCLUSIONS: In this study group, selenium from fish intake had a marked impact on all variables studied on selenium status. No impact of selenium status on T3 and T4 levels was observed. The slightly negative correlation of selenium status with TSH levels might indicate a higher TSH secretion at low selenium status. 
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) is a useful indicator of excessive alcohol consumption with higher sensitivity and specificity than other markers that are used. In the present study, CDT was analysed in 161 patients hospitalized in a surgical ward to evaluate whether history of drinking and chronic alcohol misuse are important determinants of CDT elevations. Fifty-one of the patients were diagnosed as alcohol-dependent and they all reported a long history of alcohol abuse. Several of these, as well as many of the non-dependent patients, reported a high, recent alcohol consumption (> or = 60 g/day for the previous 2 weeks). CDT performed better in detecting patients with alcohol dependency than in detecting patients with high alcohol consumption irrespective of dependency, showing higher sensitivity (47 vs 37%), likelihood ratio (4.7 vs 3.4), and a statistically significant difference in the receiver-operating characteristic curve areas (P = 0.04 in a two-tailed comparison test). In two subgroups, one with alcohol-dependent and one with non-dependent patients, consuming similar amounts of alcohol (range: 60-170 g/day), the sensitivity of CDT was 52 and 5%, respectively. We conclude that CDT is a better marker for patients with chronic alcohol misuse than as a marker for high actual alcohol consumption alone.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) has emerged as the best new marker for alcohol abuse. Recently plasma immunoglobulin A (IgA) reactivity with acetaldehyde (AcH)-modified proteins, or the modified proteins per se, have been proposed as a markers for high levels of alcohol consumption. In this study, we have compared CDT, IgA reactivity with AcH adducts (IgA ASR), and AcH-modified albumin with conventional markers of high alcohol intake in groups with well-defined drinking histories. The plasma activity of ALT, AST, and gamma-glutamyltransferase increased steadily with increasing alcohol consumption. CDT and AcH-modified albumin showed a similar pattern, whereas IgA ASR appeared only to be elevated after a threshold level of consumption had been reached. Neither CDT IgA ASR or AcH-modified albumin correlated strongly with any of the conventional markers or each other. This study shows that CDT, IgA ASR, AcH-modified albumin, and the conventional markers are not related, but suggests that the concurrent use of CDT and IgA ASR may lead to better identification of high alcohol intake.
We evaluated carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) and gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase (gamma-GT) as markers of alcohol intake and change in alcohol intake in white Australian men aged 20 to 63 years who regularly drank 20 to 60 g of alcohol/day (2 to 6 standard drinks), either as weekend (n = 14) or daily drinkers (n = 41). After 4 weeks of familiarization on usual alcohol intake, men were provided with low alcohol beer (24 x 375 ml cans, 0.9%, v/v, two-weekly), and, for 4 weeks, consumed as much or as little as they wished with no additional alcohol permitted. In an alternate 4-week period, the same amount of full-strength beer (4.9%, v/v) was provided, whereas subjects continued their usual amount and pattern of alcohol consumption. The order of experimental conditions was randomized. Retrospective 7-day diaries documented weekly alcohol intake during 4 weeks of familiarization and 8 weeks of intervention. Mean alcohol intake was 345 g/week of alcohol (SD 97) during familiarization. During the last 4 weeks of intervention (study weeks 8 to 12), mean alcohol intake either increased by 360 g/week (SD 138) with the switch from low to high alcohol or decreased by 328 g/week (SD 120) with the reverse. During familiarization (study weeks 1 to 4), alcohol intake was significantly related independently (R2 = 0.21) to mean corpuscular volume (p = 0.008) and uric acid (p = 0.003), but not to gamma-GT (p = 0.22) nor CDT (p = 0.94). Change in alcohol intake was predicted independently (R2 = 0.60) by change in CDT (p < 0.0001) and gamma-GT (p = 0.0003), but not by change in uric acid or mean corpuscular volume. A 10% change in CDT gave 70% sensitivity and 80% specificity to detect a change of at least 2 standard drinks/day; respective values were 68% and 0 for 10% change in gamma-GT. Results were not related to drinking pattern, smoking, age, or weight. CDT, particularly when used as a continuous variable, may have a place in monitoring alcohol consumption, even in men whose alcohol intake is in the 20 to 60 g/day range.
OBJECTIVES: Fatty acid metabolism is involved in the immune response and inflammation processes in patients with Crohn's disease (CD). Fatty acid changes may be relevant to the clinical course of the disease. The aim of this study was to compare the qualitative and quantitative fat intake and fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids and adipose tissue in a defined population of CD patients with those in matched controls. METHODS: Dietary fat intake and fatty acid profile of plasma phospholipids and adipose tissue were assessed in two patient populations: 20 patients with recently diagnosed CD and 32 patients with longstanding (> 10 yr) CD clinically in remission, matched for age and gender with healthy controls. RESULTS: We observed no significant differences in quantitative or qualitative fat intake between CD patients and controls. Percentages of linoleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid in plasma phospholipids or adipose tissue were not significantly different between patients and controls. However, we observed a significantly (p < 0.05) lower percentage of the sum of the n-3 fatty acids, with significantly (p < 0.01) higher levels of clupanodonic acid (22:5n-3) and significantly (p < 0.05) lower levels of docosahexaenoic (22:6n-3) and arachidonic acid (20:4n-6). The aberrant fatty acid profile was more evident in patients with longstanding CD than in patients with recently diagnosed CD. CONCLUSION: The aberrant fatty acid profile found in these CD patients is a result of altered metabolism rather than of essential fatty acid malabsorption. The reported findings may be important in the pathophysiology of CD and hence in the choice of fatty acids to be used when therapeutic supplementation is considered in CD patients. 
PURPOSE: To examine the relationship of instant coffee and brewed coffee with serum lipids and lipoproteins in Japanese men. METHODS: Study subjects were 4587 male self-defense officials aged 48-56 years who had a preretirement health examination at one of the three hospitals of the Self-Defense Forces from October 1986 to December 1992. A self-administered questionnaire ascertained lifestyle characteristics including consumption of a limited number of foods and beverages by all of the men. Serum concentrations of total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), and high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol were measured, and low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels were calculated from the values of TC, TG, and HDL cholesterol. RESULTS: While the consumption of brewed coffee was unrelated to any parameter of serum lipids and lipoproteins, instant coffee consumption showed a highly significant positive association with serum LDL cholesterol levels and an inverse association with serum TG levels. After adjustment for body mass index, smoking, alcohol use, green tea consumption, rank, and hospital, for each cup of instant coffee per day, LDL cholesterol levels were 0.82 mg/dl (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.29-1.35) higher, and TG levels in a natural log-scale were 0.014 mg/dl (95% CI 0.006-0.022) lower. There was also a tendency for a positive association between instant coffee intake and serum TC levels (trend p = 0.09). HDL cholesterol levels were unrelated to instant coffee consumption. These associations did not change after additional adjustment for selected foods and beverages associated with serum lipids and lipoproteins. CONCLUSIONS: The findings suggest that instant coffee, not brewed coffee, may be associated with raised levels of serum LDL cholesterol and decreased levels of serum TG. 
BACKGROUND: Elevated blood concentrations of total homocysteine (tHcy) have been implicated in the pathogenesis of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Previous studies identified suboptimal nutritional status and dietary intake of folate, vitamin B-6, and vitamin B-12 as determinants of elevated tHcy. OBJECTIVE: We identified other nutritional factors associated with tHcy in 260 retired schoolteachers in the Baltimore metropolitan area. DESIGN: We performed observational analyses of baseline and 2-4-mo follow-up data collected in a study designed to test the feasibility of conducting a large-scale clinical trial of vitamin supplements by mail. The study population consisted of 151 women and 109 men with a median age of 64 y. At baseline, each participant completed a food-frequency questionnaire. At follow-up, fasting serum tHcy was measured. RESULTS: In multivariable linear regression and generalized linear models, there was an independent, inverse dose-response relation between dietary protein and In tHcy (P = 0.002) and a positive, significant dose-response relation between coffee consumption and In tHcy (P for trend = 0.01). Other significant predictors of In tHcy were creatinine (positive; P = 0.0001) and prestudy use of supplemental B vitamins (inverse; P = 0.03). In stratified analyses restricted to persons receiving standard multivitamin therapy, the association of 1n tHcy with dietary protein and coffee persisted. CONCLUSIONS: These results support the hypothesis that increased protein intake and decreased coffee consumption may reduce tHcy and potentially prevent atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and other disease outcomes. 
Lactation is a physiologically demanding period in mink production, during which kit and dam losses may occur. Ambient temperature and quantitative water supply are thought to affect animal performance and well-being, but conclusive data in the literature are sparse. Therefore, effects of ambient temperature (Ta; low, about 5 degrees; medium, about 15 degrees; high, average 20-25 degrees) and water supply (ad libitum (N), or 10% extra supplementation in the food (E)) were investigated regarding effects on quantitative water intake and excretion, urine osmolality and solute excretion, and urinary cortisol and catecholamines as stress indicators in an experiment with twelve lactating mink with litters of three to seven kits in three consecutive periods, lasting 3, 3 and 2 d respectively. Kit ages ranged from 15 to 20 d at the end of the experiment. Water requirement for milk production (factorial calculations) and water available for evaporation (balance component) were estimated. Period, and hence mainly Ta, had a significant influence on intake of metabolizable energy, quantitative water intake and excretion, but there was less effect of water supply. The total water intake and excretion were very high in relation to the weight of the animals as an effect of lactation. Water intake and excretion, and urinary Na excretion, seemed to be less accurately regulated compared with corresponding functions in non-lactating animals. Rectal temperature increased with increasing Ta, possibly as a means of decreasing evaporative water loss. Water output in milk was estimated to increase from 118 g/d at low Ta to 134 g/d at high Ta. The amounts of water available for evaporation were estimated to be 42, 58 and 69 g/kg0.75 at low, medium and high Ta. Cortisol data did not indicate that the animals experienced negative stress. It was concluded that prolonged periods of high Ta may be hazardous for lactating mink because of decreased intake of metabolizable energy resulting in energy deficit and excessive mobilization of body reserves simultaneously as the requirement for intake of water increases considerably.
Soy foods and certain soy constituents, particularly isoflavones, have been suggested to have potential cancer-inhibitory effects in laboratory and epidemiological studies. Chinese women in Shanghai consume high levels of soy foods and have low incidence rates of breast and other hormone-related cancers. To assess the usual dietary consumption of soy foods and evaluate the correlation of soy food consumption with the urinary excretion of isoflavonoids in overnight urine samples in this population, we analyzed data from 60 healthy women included in an ongoing population-based case-control study of breast cancer in Shanghai. Usual consumption of soy foods in the previous five-year period was assessed using a food-frequency questionnaire, and urinary excretion of daidzein, genistein, glycitein, equol, and O-desmethylangolensin was measured from overnight urine samples collected at the time of dietary assessment. Virtually all women (96.7%) in Shanghai consumed soy foods at least once a week. The median intake of soy food was 100.6 g/day, with 25th and 75th percentiles of 36.8 and 238.2 g, respectively. The median intake of isoflavones was 39.26 mg/day, and there was a nearly fourfold difference between the 25th and 75th percentiles of this measurement. With the increasing intake of soy foods, urinary excretion rates of total isoflavonoids and all individual major isoflavonoids were increased in a dose-response manner (trend test p < or = 0.05). At individual levels the urinary excretion rate of total isoflavonoids was correlated closely with dietary soy food intake, with a correlation coefficient of around 0.5 (p < 0.001). These results indicate that the urinary excretion rate of total isoflavonoids measured from overnight urine samples may reflect reasonably well the usual intake of soy foods in a population with a high level of soy food consumption.
BACKGROUND: Changes in plasma leptin concentration and food intake occur during the menstrual cycle; because leptin regulates food intake, one could hypothesize that changes in plasma leptin concentration and in food intake are associated throughout the menstrual cycle. However, no data have ever been provided to support such a relationship. The aim of our study was to investigate, during the different phases of the menstrual cycle, (a) the changes in plasma leptin concentration and, if such changes were demonstrated, (b) the potential relationship between the changes in plasma leptin concentration and food intake. DESIGN: The study was designed as an observational study. The plasma leptin concentration was determined in 16 healthy, young women during different phases of the menstrual cycle. At the same time, the basal metabolic rate (BMR), respiratory quotient (RQ) and food intake (FI) were also determined. RESULTS: The plasma leptin concentration increased throughout the menstrual cycle (P < 0.01 for trend) and was significantly correlated with plasma progesterone concentration (r = 0.55, P < 0.007, for follicular phase, r = 0.58, P < 0.02, for the periovulatory period and r = 0.57, P < 0.02, for the luteal phase). No significant differences in BMR and fasting RQ throughout the different phases of the menstrual cycle were found. In contrast, FI significantly declined in the periovulatory phase. No significant correlations between BMR, RQ and FI values and fasting plasma leptin concentration at all menstrual phases were found. CONCLUSION: Changes in plasma leptin concentration and in food intake were found at different phases of the menstrual cycle. Nevertheless, no correlation among those parameters at any phase of the menstrual cycle was observed. 
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of changing from a medium (1.6 mg Cu/d) to a low (0.7 mg Cu/d) or a high (6.0 mg/d) Cu intake on biochemical indices of bone turnover in healthy adult males. DESIGN: A longitudinal intervention trial. SETTING: The study was conducted at the Institute of Food Research, Norwich, UK. SUBJECTS: Eleven healthy adult males aged 20-59 y were recruited from Norwich Research Park. INTERVENTION: Subjects were given medium (1.6 mg/d), low (0.7 mg/d) and high (6.0 mg/d) intakes of Cu, in that order, over consecutive 8 week periods with a minimum of 4 week washout periods. On the last d of each dietary period fasting first void urine and blood were collected. RESULTS: Serum caeruloplasmin or Cu (indices of Cu status), serum osteocalcin (biomarker of bone formation), urinary creatinine (Cr) were unaffected by dietary Cu intake. Urinary Pyr/Cr and Dpyr/Cr (biomarkers of bone resorption) were significantly increased (P < 0.05) (by 30% and 25%, respectively), when subjects were switched from the medium to the low Cu diet and were significantly decreased (P < 0.05) (by 30%) and 22% respectively), when subjects were switched from the low to the high Cu diet. CONCLUSION: The findings of the present study could have implications for bone health in individuals with marginal Cu intakes. Thus, further studies are warranted to better define the relationship of marginal Cu intakes to bone health. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine if a relationship exists between blood glucose control and variability in nutrient intake from day-to-day in subjects with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: Two three-day diet records and one measurement of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) were obtained from 272 subjects with type 1 diabetes treated with a mixture of regular and NPH insulins before breakfast and supper and using a standardized algorithm to adjust insulin dose according to the results of self-monitoring of blood glucose two to four times daily. Day-to-day variation in nutrient intake was expressed as the coefficient of variation (CV = SDx100/mean). RESULTS: Nutrient intakes in the study population (mean +/- SD) were energy 8.35+/-2.43 MJ, fat 81+/-30 g, protein 94+/-28 g, carbohydrate 227+/-68 g, starch 126+/-38 g and dietary fiber 20+/-6 g with diet glycemic index being 84.2+/-7.4. Neither energy, nutrient intakes nor insulin dose was significantly related to HbA1c. Day-to-day variation of carbohydrate (p = 0.0097) and starch (p = 0.0016) intakes and diet glycemic index (p = 0.033) was positively related to HbA1c, and the associations remained significant when adjusted for age, sex, duration of diabetes and BMI. Day-to-day variation in energy, protein or fat intakes was not related to HbA1c. CONCLUSIONS: Consistency in the amount and source of carbohydrate intake from day-to-day is associated with improved blood glucose control in people with type 1 diabetes, a result which supports continued educational efforts to achieve adherence to a diabetes diet plan. This conclusion may not apply to people on intensified insulin therapy who adjust their insulin dose based on their actual carbohydrate intake at each meal. 
This study was undertaken to determine the effects of canola oil on platelet characteristics, blood lipids and growth in exclusively formula-fed piglets. Piglets were fed from birth to 10 or 18 d with formula containing 51% energy from fat, with 100% fat as canola or soybean oil; 26% soybean, 59% high oleic acid sunflower and 12% flax oil (canola mimic); or 26% canola (canola blend) or soybean (soybean blend) with high oleic acid sunflower, palm and coconut oil. The canola mimic provided similar carbon chain 16 and 18 fatty acids without the sterol or 20:1 and erucic acid (22:1) of canola oil. The oil blends provided formula resembling infant formulas but with higher 16:0 and lower unsaturated fatty acid levels than in canola or soybean oil. Body weight, weight gain and heart and liver weight were not different after 10 or 18 d feeding canola when compared to soybean oil alone or blended oil formulas. Piglets fed formulas with 100% canola oil had lower platelet counts than piglets fed formula soybean oil or the canola oil mimic. Platelet counts were lower, and platelet distribution width and volume were higher, when formulas with 100% canola or soybean rather than the blended oil formulas were fed. The results show that formula fat composition influences the developing hematological system and that canola oil suppresses the normal developmental increase in platelet count in piglets by a mechanism apparently unrelated to the formula 16:0, 18:1, 18:2(n-6) or 18:3(n-3), or plasma phospholipid 20:4(n-6) or 20:5(n-3).
Tibolone is a synthetic steroid with tissue-specific estrogenic, progestogenic, and androgenic properties. The therapeutic effects of tibolone on bone mass and strength, bone metabolic markers, and indices of histomorphometry were investigated in ovariectomized (ovx) rats on a low (0.1%)-calcium diet in comparison with 17alpha-ethynylestradiol (EE) or 1alpha-hydroxyvitamin D3 [1alpha(OH)D3]. Tibolone (0.1-3 mg/kg/day), EE (0.1 mg/kg/day), or 1alpha(OH)D3 (0.5 microg/kg/day) was administered orally once a day for 16 weeks, starting 12 weeks after ovariectomy, when the bone mineral density (BMD) of lumbar vertebrae (L4-5) and femur (global, proximal, and distal regions) had already been decreased by the combination of ovariectomy and low dietary calcium. The BMD of the lumbar vertebrae and the femur were higher in the groups treated with tibolone, EE, or 1alpha(OH)D3 than in the ovx control group. The BMD of the mid-diaphysial regions of femur and tibia, which consist mainly of cortical bone, were decreased 28 weeks after ovariectomy in the ovx control group. The BMD of the mid-diaphysial femur was higher in the groups treated with 1alpha-(OH)D3, and the BMD of mid-diaphysial tibia was higher in the groups treated with tibolone or 1alpha(OH)D3 than in the ovx control group. Like BMD, the compressive strength of the vertebral body of L2, corrected for the volume of each individual vertebra tested, was higher in the groups treated with tibolone, EE, or 1alpha(OH)D3 than in the ovx control group. Trabecular bone volume and trabecular number were reduced 12 and 28 weeks after ovariectomy but there was no change in trabecular thickness. These reduced indices were increased in the groups treated with tibolone, EE, or 1alpha(OH)D3 when compared with the ovx control group. Tibolone or EE decreased serum levels of osteocalcin and bone alkaline phosphatase and urinary levels of deoxypyridinoline and pyridinoline compared with the ovx control group. Furthermore, tibolone or EE decreased the mineralizing surface and bone formation rate as well as the osteoclast surface and osteoclast numbers. 1Alpha(OH)D3, however, did not affect these serum and urinary parameters. These data suggest that tibolone suppresses the accelerated bone turnover induced by a combination of ovariectomy and low dietary calcium, and indicate that tibolone may be a potentially useful drug for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
PURPOSE: To evaluate and quantify the association between consumption of specific food groups/macronutrients and concentrations of serum insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3). SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Data from a comprehensive food-frequency questionnaire administered to 115 healthy subjects were used to study cross-sectionally the relationship between nutritional factors and circulating IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 concentrations. Adjustment for the effect of total energy intake and a series of epidemiologic parameters (age, sex, height, body mass index, smoking, alcohol consumption, and coffee drinking) was implemented through multivariate linear regression. RESULTS: We observed that serum levels of IGF-1 are positively associated with consumption of red meats, fats, and oils. In addition, serum levels of IGF-1 are independently and positively associated with energy intake from lipids and negatively associated with energy intake from carbohydrates. Finally, serum levels of IGFBP-3 are independently and negatively associated with energy intake from saturated fat. CONCLUSION: Serum IGF-1 and/or IGFBP-3 concentrations are associated with red meat, carbohydrate intake, and fat intake and, thus, may mediate the effect of these dietary factors on the pathogenesis of several disease states. Additional studies are needed to further quantify these associations and elucidate the underlying mechanisms. 
This work investigated the correlation between serum levels of factor B, AP-lytic activity, ratio of factor B activation by zymosan, and AP-dependent neutrophil phagocytosis in samples of normal human serum (NHS). In addition, since the antithyroid drug propylthiouracil (PTU) induces increased levels of AP lytic activity in rats, groups of these animals were treated with this drug in order to increase AP titers and to evaluate those parameters also in this condition. The results showed no correlation between factor B concentration and AP lytic activity in 18 samples of NHS or between factor B concentration and proportion of consumption by zymosan. Interestingly, this consumption was also not correlated with phagocytosis as measured by the chemiluminescence (CL) response of neutrophils to the opsonized particles. The two biological properties of phagocytosis and lytic activity, dependent of AP, were not correlated to each other in the NHS samples. In the samples of rat serum with increased AP lytic levels a different result was observed. A positive correlation between CL response and lytic activity occurred in serum of animals receiving a low PTU dose, but not in serum of animals receiving a high dose, where CL responses were lower than those of controls. The results are compared to literature data and discussed in terms of individual differences in resistance or susceptibility to infections and or diseases involving the complement system.
The EURODIAB IDDM Complications Study, a cross-sectional, clinic-based study examined the fat and cholesterol intakes of European individuals with type 1 diabetes for possible relations to serum lipid levels (total cholesterol, HDL- and LDL-cholesterol, fasting triglycerides) and to the prevalence of cardiovascular disease (past history or electrocardiogram abnormalities). Fat intake (total fat, saturated fat, cholesterol) from 2,868 subjects with type 1 diabetes (mean age 32.9 +/- 10.2 years (range: 14-61 years), mean diabetes duration 14.7 +/- 9.4 years (range: 1-56 years)) was assessed by a standardized 3-day dietary record at the Nutrition Co-Ordinating Centre (Düsseldorf). Serum lipid levels were determined in the central laboratory (London) by standard enzymatic methods. Energy-adjusted total and LDL-cholesterol levels increased significantly with higher intakes of total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol. However, these relations were largely explained by concomitant decreases in dietary fibre intake. For levels of HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides no independent associations were observed with fat or cholesterol intake. Increased intakes of total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol were also related to higher prevalences of cardiovascular disease. These associations were, however, no longer significant after adjustment for dietary fibre intake for which we previously demonstrated independent associations with the serum cholesterol pattern and CVD. Since higher fat intakes are commonly accompanied by lower carbohydrate and fibre intakes we conclude that restricted intakes of cholesterol, saturated fat and total fat combined with higher fibre intakes beneficially affect both the levels of total and LDL-cholesterol and the risk for cardiovascular disease in European individuals with type 1 diabetes.
Seven men and seven women participated in a randomized crossover trial to study the effect of intake of parsley (Petroselinum crispum), containing high levels of the flavone apigenin, on the urinary excretion of flavones and on biomarkers for oxidative stress. The subjects received a strictly controlled diet low in flavones and other naturally occurring antioxidants during the 2 weeks of intervention. This basic diet was supplemented with parsley providing 3.73-4.49 mg apigenin/MJ in one of the intervention weeks. Urinary excretion of apigenin was 1.59-409.09 micrograms/MJ per 24 h during intervention with parsley and 0-112.27 micrograms/MJ per 24 h on the basic diet (P < 0.05). The fraction of apigenin intake excreted in the urine was 0.58 (SE 0.16)% during parsley intervention. Erythrocyte glutathione reductase (EC 1.6.4.1; GR) and superoxide dismutase (EC 1.15.1.1; SOD) activities increased during intervention with parsley (P < 0.005) as compared with the levels on the basic diet, whereas erythrocyte catalase (EC 1.11.1.6) and glutathione peroxidase (EC 1.11.1.9) activities did not change. No significant changes were observed in plasma protein 2-adipic semialdehyde residues, a biomarker of plasma protein oxidation. In this short-term investigation, an overall decreasing trend in the activity of antioxidant enzymes was observed during the 2-week study. The decreased activity of SOD was strongly correlated at the individual level with an increased oxidative damage to plasma proteins. However, the intervention with parsley seemed, partly, to overcome this decrease and resulted in increased levels of GR and SOD.
BACKGROUND: Assessment of essential fatty acid status requires collection of blood or adipose tissue samples. However, these invasive techniques cannot always be used in studies involving infants, young children, or subjects from whom it is difficult to obtain blood. A body tissue that is easy to access is the buccal mucosa (cheek cells). OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate the degree to which fatty acids of cheek cells reflect the fatty acid content of plasma, red blood cells, and the diet. DESIGN: Thirty-one infants aged 12 mo were enrolled. Five infants were fed human milk and 26 infants received formulas that provided a wide range of arachidonic acid and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) intakes. Cheek cells were collected on a small piece of gauze by gently swabbing the inside of the cheek 3 times. Lipids were extracted from the gauze and the phospholipid fatty acid content of the cheek cells was determined. RESULTS: Cheek cell DHA and arachidonic acid in phospholipids were significantly correlated with DHA and arachidonic acid in plasma [r = 0.61 (P < 0.001) and r = 0.37 (P <0.05), respectively], red blood cells [r = 0.58 (P < 0.001) and r = 0.37 (P < 0.05), respectively], and the diet [r = 0.65 (P < 0.001) and r = 0. 51 (P < 0.01), respectively]. CONCLUSIONS: Given these correlations and the ease and noninvasive nature of this technique, cheek cell fatty acids may serve as a marker of the essential fatty acid content, especially of DHA and arachidonic acid, in plasma, red blood cells, and the diet. 
BACKGROUND: Postal questionnaire surveys are commonly used in general practice and often ask about self-reported activity. The validity of this approach is unknown. AIM: To explore the criterion validity of questions asking about self-reported activity in a self-completion questionnaire. METHOD: A comparison was made between (a) the self-reported actions of all general practitioner (GP) principals in 51 general practices randomly selected within the nine family health services authorities of the former northern regional health authority, and (b) the contents of the medical records (case notes and computerized records) of patients classified as hypertensive from a 1 in 7 random sample of all patients registered in these practices and aged between 65 and 80. Data were gathered from the GPs by self-completion postal questionnaires. Six comparisons were made for two groups of items: first, target and achieved blood pressure; secondly, patient's weight, smoking status, alcohol consumption, exercise and salt intake. The frequency with which the data items were recorded in patient records was compared with the GPs' self-reported frequency of performing the actions. RESULTS: No relationship was found between achieved blood pressure and stated target levels. For each of the other actions, more than half of the responders reported that they usually or always performed the activity. For four of these (smoking, weight, alcohol and exercise), a significant association was noted, but the size of this varied considerably. CONCLUSIONS: There is a variable relationship between what responders report that they do in self-completion questionnaires, and what they actually do as judged by the contents of their patients' medical records. In the absence of prior, knowledge of the validity of questions on reported activity, or of concurrent attempts to establish their validity, the questions should not be asked. 
Circadian levels of melatonin were determined in the hepatic portal vein, cranial vena cava, and the lower aorta of ten juvenile pigs. Blood was sampled every hour for a total of 24 hr via temporary cannulas introduced into blood vessels under anesthesia. No peak levels of melatonin were found in the mid-scotophase, but hepatic portal concentrations peaked at 06.00 hr. Overall levels of melatonin were highest in the hepatic portal vein (range 35-65 pg/mL), followed by an artery (range 30-55 pg/mL) and the vena cava (range 25-35 pg/mL). Levels of melatonin exhibit strong variation between individual pigs, but generally the average levels from all three sources follow each other's time course. However, on occasion, melatonin levels in the hepatic portal vein varied independently from the levels in the vena cava. Large portal peaks were usually preceded by a feeding period and were associated with a subsequent period of sleep. The data indicate that: 1) there is no clear circadian rhythm of melatonin in the peripheral blood of pigs, 2) relatively little melatonin is metabolized during the first liver passage, 3) food intake may elevate melatonin levels in the hepatic portal vein, and 4) increased levels of melatonin originated in the gastrointestinal tract may induce sleep.
BACKGROUND: High salt intake suppresses the effect of nitric oxide (NO) in the peripheral resistance vessels in animal models. We tested the hypothesis that the modulation of endogenous NO is related to salt sensitivity in human hypertension. METHODS AND RESULTS: Inpatients with essential hypertension (n=24) were maintained on a normal-salt diet (12 g/d NaCl) for 3 days, a low-salt diet (2 g), a high-salt diet (20 to 23 g), and a low-salt diet for 7 days. Normotensive subjects (n=16) were maintained on the first 2 salt diets. The hypertensive patients whose average 24-hour blood pressure was increased by >5% by salt loading were assigned to group 1 (n=8) and the others to group 2 (n=16). Nitrate plus nitrite (NO(x)) was measured by the Griess method, and asymmetrical dimethylarginine (ADMA) by high-performance liquid chromatography. The plasma NO(x) level during the normal-salt diet was lower in group 1 than in group 2 and the normotensive group. After salt loading, the plasma NO(x) level was decreased and reversed after the second salt restriction. Plasma ADMA level was increased after salt loading and decreased after salt restriction. The change in plasma NO(x) level was correlated inversely with those in blood pressure (r=-0.59, P=0.0007) and plasma ADMA level (r=-0.64, P=0.003) after salt loading and restriction. CONCLUSIONS: Modulation of NO synthesis by salt intake may be involved in a mechanism for salt sensitivity in human hypertension, presumably via the change in ADMA. 
Undernutrition and the consumption of poor diets are prevalent among elderly people in developing countries. Recognising the importance of the early identification of individuals at high nutritional risk, this study aimed to develop a simple tool for screening. A cross-sectional study was conducted on 11 randomly selected villages among the 62 in Mersing District, Malaysia. Undernutrition was assessed using body mass index, plasma albumin and haemoglobin on 285 subjects. Dietary inadequacy (a count of nutrients falling below two-thirds of the Recommended Dietary Allowances) was examined for 337 subjects. Logistic regression analysis was performed to identify significant predictors of undernutrition and dietary inadequacy from social and health factors, and to derive appropriate indices based on these predictions. The multivariate predictors of undernutrition were 'no joint disease', 'smoker', 'no hypertension', 'depended on others for economic resource', 'respiratory disease', 'perceived weight loss' and 'chewing difficulty', with a joint sensitivity of 56% and specificity of 84%. The equivalent predictors of dietary inadequacy were 'unable to take public transport', 'loss of appetite', 'chewing difficulty', 'no regular fruit intake' and 'regularly taking less than three meals per day', with a joint sensitivity of 77% and specificity of 47%. These predictions, with minor modification to simplify operational use, led to the production of a simple screening tool. The tool can be used by public health professionals or community workers or leaders as a simple and rapid instrument to screen individual at high risk of undernutrition and/or dietary inadequacy.
BACKGROUND AND AIM: The atherogenic potential of dietary derived lipids, chylomicrons (CM) and their remnants (CMr) is now becoming more widely recognised. To investigate factors effecting levels of CM and CMr and their importance in coronary heart disease risk it is essential to use a specific method of quantification. Two studies were carried out to investigate: (i) effects of increased daily intake of long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (LC n-3 PUFA), and (ii) effects of increasing meal monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) content on the postprandial response of intestinally-derived lipoproteins. The contribution of the intestinally-derived lipoproteins to total lipaemia was assessed by triacylglycerol-rich lipoprotein (TRL) apolipoprotein B-48 (apo B-48) and retinyl ester (RE) concentrations. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a randomised controlled crossover trial (placebo vs LC n-3 PUFA) a mean daily intake of 1.4 g/day of LC n-3 PUFA failed to reduce fasting and postprandial triacylglycerol (TAG) response in 9 healthy male volunteers. Although the pattern and nature of the apo B-48 response was consistent with the TAG response following the two diets, the postprandial RE response differed on the LC n-3 PUFA diet with a lower early RE response and a delayed and more marked increase in RE in the late postprandial period compared with the control diet, but the differences did not reach levels of statistical significance. In the meal study there was no effect of MUFA/SFA content on the total lipaemic response to the meals nor on the contribution of intestinally derived lipoproteins evaluated as TAG, apo B-48 and RE responses in the TRL fraction. In both studies, the RE and apo B-48 measurements provided broadly similar information with respect to lack of effects of dietary or meal fatty acid composition and the presence of single or multiple peak responses. However the apo B-48 and RE measurements differed with respect to the timing of their peak response times, with a delayed RE peak, relalive to apo B-48, of approximately 2-3 hours for the LC n-3 PUFA diet (p = 0.002) study and 1-1.5 hours for the meal MUFA/SFA study. CONCLUSIONS: It was concluded that there are limitations of using RE as a specific CM marker, apo B-48 quantitation was found to be a more appropriate method for CM and CMr quantitation. However it was still considered of value to measure RE as it provided additional information regarding the incorporation of other constituents into the CM particle. 
Dietary isoflavone and lignan phytoestrogens are potential chemopreventive agents. This has led to a need to monitor exposure to these compounds in human populations and to determine which components of a mixed diet contribute to the exposure. Typically, urinary isoflavonoid excretion is associated with soy consumption and that of lignans is associated with whole grains. However, other plant foods are known to contain phytoestrogen precursors. The purpose of this study was to examine the association between urinary isoflavonoid and lignan excretion and intakes of vegetables and fruits (V&F). Isoflavonoids (genistein, daidzein, O-desmethylangolensin, and equol) and lignans (enterolactone, enterodiol, and matairesinol) were measured in urine collected for 3 days from 49 male and 49 female volunteers (age, 18-37 years) reporting a wide range of habitual V&F intakes. Dietary intakes were assessed using 5-day diet records and a food frequency questionnaire. V&F groupings (total V&F, total V, total F, soyfoods, and V&F grouped by botanical families) were used to assess the relationship between V&F intake and urinary isoflavonoid and lignan excretion. Pearson correlations were performed. Intake of soyfoods was correlated significantly with urinary genistein (r = 0.40; P = 0.0001), O-desmethylangolensin (r = 0.37; P = 0.0002), daidzein (r = 034; P = 0.0007), and the sum of isoflavonoids (r = 0.39; P = 0.0001). There was no association between equol excretion and soy intake or between the isoflavonoids and any other V&F groupings. In addition, isoflavonoid excretion was correlated positively with intake of high-fat and processed meats, particularly among men who did not consume soy. This suggests that, even in the United States, on a Western diet, soyfoods are the primary contributors to isoflavone intake; however, additional "hidden sources" of soy may also contribute to exposure. In contrast, a variety of fiber-containing foods contributed to lignan excretion; the sum of the urinary lignans, enterodiol, enterolactone, and matairesinol, was associated with intake of total F (r = 0.27; P = 0.008), total V&F (r = 0.25; P = 0.01), soyfoods (r = 0.28; P = 0.006), and dietary fiber (r = 0.36; P = 0.0003). Overall, urinary phytoestrogens (isoflavonoids + lignans) were significantly higher in "high" compared with "low" V&F consumers. Compared with the "low" V&F group, the "high" group consumed diets that were, on average, higher in fiber and carbohydrate and soyfoods and lower in fat; thus, the urinary phytoestrogens may also be a useful marker of healthier dietary patterns.
Numerous studies have examined the interactions between protein nutrition and the response to nematode parasitism in sheep, but very few in goats. Compared with other ruminants, goats are less resistant to nematode infection. In addition, in dairy goats, high producing animals have been shown to be less resistant and less resilient to infection compared to low producing ones. The objective of the present study was to examine the consequences of protein supplementation on both resistance and resilience of dairy goats to nematode trickle infection, taking into account the initial level of milk production of the animals. During a 14-week period, 40 milking goats received a high protein (HP) diet supplying 130% of the protein requirements, and 38 goats were fed a intermediate protein (IP) diet (120% of the protein requirements). In addition, half of each group was given a weekly trickle infection with Trichostrongylus colubriformis larvae, the other part of the flock remained non-infected. Faecal egg counts (FEC), eosinophil counts and pathophysiological data (urea, albumin and inorganic phosphate concentrations in the serum) were measured twice a month. Milk production data (milk yield, protein and fat contents) were also recorded every 15 days. The results showed that FECs were lower (p < 0.05) and eosinophil counts higher (p < 0.05) in the animals receiving the HP diet suggesting that resistance was enhanced by protein supplementation. Meanwhile, milk parameters (related to resilience) were not affected by the level of protein in the diet when considering the whole groups. In contrast, in the high producing goats, the milk production and milk composition parameters were improved with the HP diet. To conclude, we have seen that the expression of both resistance and resilience did not appear when the coverage of the protein requirements was insufficient. Because the milk production is dependent on the protein supply, we suggest that there is a competition in the use of the protein between the development of resistance and the milk production.
French maritime pine (Pinus maritima) bark extract (PBE) is a polyphenol-rich food supplement patented under the name of Pycnogenol and known to have strong antioxidant activity and different beneficial effects on human health. Although its biological properties have begun to be extensively studied both in vitro, in laboratory animals and more recently in humans, little is known about its bioavailability. The present study investigated the urinary excretion of free and conjugated ferulic acid, present in quantitatively detectable amounts in PBE, after oral PBE administration to human subjects. Eleven healthy adult subjects (4 women and 7men) consumed either a single dose (200 mg PBE) or two doses of PBE (100 and 200 mg, respectively) within a 48-h interval. Two days before the oral administration of PBE and during the urine sample collection period volunteers adhered to a diet low in polyphenols. Aliquots of all urine production were collected over 24 h. Free and conjugated ferulic acid was assessed in urine by HPLC using diode array detection. A close association between the dietary intake of PBE and the urinary excretion of ferulic acid was detected. Moreover, the results indicate that a considerable proportion of ferulic acid is excreted as glucuronide or sulfate after PBE consumption, varying over the range 2 to 20% between individuals. The kinetics of excretion associated with the administration of 100 mg PBE was quite similar to that obtained after 200 mg PBE. A a biphasic trend was evident in a number of subjects. All subjects studied here displayed a significant, although variable level of excretion of ferulic acid after supplementation with PBE, Thus, the data provide evidence that at least a part of the phenolic components of PBE are absorbed, metabolized, and eliminated by humans.
This study reports the fatty acid composition of subcutaneous adipose tissue in French women with special emphasis on the content of trans fatty acids originating from two main dietary sources, ruminant fats and partially hydrogenated vegetable oils (PHVO). Adipose tissue trans fatty acid levels from 71 women, recruited between 1997 and 1998, were determined using a combination of capillary gas chromatography and silver nitrate thin-layer chromatography. Results indicate that on average cis monounsaturates accounted for 47.9% of total fatty acids, saturates for 32.2%, and linoleic acid for 14.4%. Cis n-3 polyunsaturates represented only 0.7%. Total content of trans fatty acids was 2.32 +/- 0.50%, consisting of trans 18:1 (1.97 +/- 0.49%), trans 18:2 (0.28 +/- 0.08%), and trans 16:1 (0.06 +/- 0.03%). Trans 18:3 isomers were not detectable. The level of trans fatty acids found in adipose tissue of French women was lower than those reported for Canada, the United States, and Northern European countries but higher than that determined in Spain. Therefore, trans fatty acid consumption in France appears to be intermediate between that of the United States or North Europe and that of Spain. Based on the equation of Enig et al., we estimated the mean daily trans 18:1 acid intake of French women at 1.9 g per person. The major trans 18:1 isomer in adipose tissue was delta11 trans, as in ruminant fats. Estimates of relative contribution of trans fatty acid intake were 55% from ruminant fats and 45% from PHVO. This pattern contrasts sharply with those established for Canada and the United States where PHVO is reported to be the major dietary source of trans fatty acids.
A highly prevalent, atypical genotype in low Km aldehyde dehydrogenase (ALDH2) may influence alcohol-induced liver injury because of higher production of acetaldehyde in the liver. In the present study, we examined relationships between the ALDH2 genotype, alcohol intake, and liver-function biomarkers among Japanese male workers. Study subjects were 385 male workers in a metal plant in Japan, who were free from hepatic viruses and did not have higher aminotransferase activities (<100). The subjects completed a questionnaire on alcohol drinking habits and other lifestyles. The ALDH2 genotype was determined by the PCR method followed by restriction-enzyme digestion. In the moderately and heavily drinking groups, those with ALDH2*1/*2 exhibited significantly lower levels than those with ALDH2*1/*1 for all three parameters of liver function, whereas no such differences were observed in the least-drinking group. Multiple linear-regression analysis, adjusting for age, obesity, and smoking habits, revealed that aspartate aminotransferase activity was positively associated with alcohol intake only in those with ALDH2*1/*1. On the other hand, alanine transferase activity was negatively associated with alcohol intake only in those with ALDH2*1/*2. The present study indicates that effects of alcohol intake on liver-function biomarkers are likely to be modified by the ALDH2 genotype in adult males.
BACKGROUND: The use of creatine (Cr) as a nutritional supplement to aid athletic performance has gained widespread popularity among athletes. However, concerns have recently been expressed over potentially harmful effects of short and long term Cr supplementation on health. METHODS: Forty eight young healthy subjects were randomly allocated to three experimental protocols aimed at elucidating any potential health risks associated with five days (20 g/day) to nine weeks (3 g/day) of Cr supplementation. Venous blood samples were collected before and after periods of Cr supplementation and were analysed for some haematological indices, and for indices of hepatic, muscular, and renal dysfunction. FINDINGS: All measured indices were well within their respective normal range at all times. Serum creatinine concentration tended to be increased the day after Cr supplementation. However, values had returned to baseline six weeks after the cessation of supplementation. These increases were probably attributable to increased creatinine production rather than renal dysfunction. No indication of impairment to the haematological indices measured, hepatic function, or muscle damage was apparent after Cr supplementation. INTERPRETATION: These data provide evidence that there are no obvious adverse effects of acute or more chronic Cr supplementation on the haematological indices measured, nor on hepatic, muscle, and renal function. Therefore there is no apparent health risk associated with Cr supplementation to healthy people when it is ingested in quantities that have been scientifically proven to increase muscle Cr stores. 
Dietary Ca and osteocalcin (OC), parathyroid hormone (PTH), 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OH-D), insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I and sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) were assessed simultaneously to bone mineral density (BMD) in 200 adolescent girls (aged 11-15 years) and 100 young women (aged 20-23 years), selected from the lowest and highest end of the Ca intake distribution of a larger population sample. Ca intake was evaluated by food frequency questionnaires, BMD was measured by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry at ultradistal and proximal radius of non-dominant arm, bone age was estimated from x-rays of left hand and wrist according to Tanner et al. (1983). Surprisingly, mean Ca intakes were below the dietary reference intakes in the subgroups of girls and women with the highest measured Ca consumption. Postmenarcheal, but not premenarcheal girls showed radial densities as high as the women and in no group was BMD associated with Ca intake. In all adolescents serum PTH was negatively related to dietary Ca. In girls before menarche IGF-I was positively associated with bone age, while in the same subjects the negative relationship between SHBG and BMD pointed to the crucial role of bioavailable sex steroids on bone mass apposition in early puberty. OC levels decreased progressively with age, while serum 25-OH-D significantly increased after menarche. In conclusion, although in adolescents low Ca intake has not been shown to induce any immediate deleterious effect on radial density, the compensatory hypersecretion of PTH supports the need for an adequate Ca intake to achieve peak bone mass.
Pituitary growth hormone (GH) secretion has been shown to be blunted in human and animal obesity. With respect to human obesity, cafeteria diet-induced obesity might be an appropriate model to study spontaneous GH secretion. In 6 cafeteria diet-overfed obese male Wistar rats and 6 control rats with chronically implanted catheters, GH levels were measured every 15 min over 6 h by standard RIA. A significantly lower GH secretion, reflected by the integrated GH concentration, was found in the obese rats (median 16.46, [range 10.55-19.13] ng/ml x 6 h vs 35.63 [range 21.90-41.50] ng/ml x 6 h, P < 0.05). The GH secretion in the obese rats was significantly negatively correlated with the body fat percentage, assessed by dual X-ray absorptiometry (Rho = -0.95, P < 0.05). Median plasma insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) concentration was comparable between the two groups, while the median insulin concentration was significantly higher in the obese group (1.95 [range 1.76-3.55] ng/ml vs 1.21 [range 0.86-2.13] ng/ml, P < 0.05). No significant correlation existed between GH secretion and the plasma insulin concentration. In conclusion, cafeteria diet-induced obesity is associated with a low spontaneous GH secretion and normal plasma IGF-I concentration. The hyperinsulinemia present in this model probably explains the normal IGF-I concentrations, but not the GH hyposecretion.
BACKGROUND: Specially manufactured low-fat and nonfat foods have become increasingly available over the past 2 decades and controversy has surrounded the issue of whether these products have beneficial or adverse effects on the health and nutritional status of Americans. METHODS: This study examines the association of olestra consumption with changes in dietary intakes of energy, fat, and cholesterol and changes in weight and serum lipid concentrations. Data are from a cohort of 335 participants in the Olestra Post-Marketing Surveillance Study sentinel site in Marion County (Indianapolis, Ind). Diet, weight, and serum lipid levels were assessed before the market release of olestra and 1 year later, after olestra-containing foods were widely available. Olestra intake at the 1-year follow-up was categorized as none, low (>0 to 0.4 g/d), moderate (0.4 to 2.0 g/d), and heavy (>2.0 g/d). RESULTS: Participants in the heavy olestra consumption category significantly reduced dietary intake of percentage of energy from fat (2.7 percentage points, P for trend,.003) and saturated fat (1.1 percentage points, P for trend,.02). Consumers in the highest category of olestra consumption had statistically significantly reduced total serum cholesterol levels of -0.54 mmol/L (-21 mg/dL)compared with -0.14 mmol/L (-5 mg/dL) among olestra nonconsumers (P for trend,.03). CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that introduction of a new fat substitute (olestra) in the US market was associated with healthful changes in dietary fat intake and serum cholesterol concentrations among consumers who chose to consume olestra-containing foods. 
Although there is a high prevalence of leaking urine among Australian women, there are currently no standardized procedures for screening patients for incontinence in the primary care setting (known in Australia as general practice). In response to this, an incontinence screening questionnaire (ISQ) was developed and evaluated for use in general practice. Eighty-nine women completed an original compilation of 33 items that asked about situations associated with leaking urine, avoidance of leakage, and concern about leakage. Each item was assessed according to its acceptability for the population of female general practice patients, discriminative value, and test-retest reliability. These patients also underwent an objective test of incontinence, the 48-hour pad test, so that the screening items could be validated against an objective classification of incontinence. The study included women who had bladder control problems and those who did not. Eight items on the ISQ were shown to be acceptable to patients, discriminative, reliable, and valid indicators of objective incontinence. Five items were capable of predicting almost 70% of patients who showed objective leakage of urine and misclassified fewer than 15% of these patients. Those five items were selected for inclusion in the (refined) ISQ.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate cholesterol-lowering effects of stanol ester (STAEST) and sterol ester (STEEST)-enriched margarines as part of a low-fat diet. DESIGN: According to a Latin square model randomized double-blind repeated measures design with three test margarines and three periods. SETTING: Outpatient clinical trial with free-living subjects. SUBJECTS: Thirty-four hypercholesterolaemic subjects completed the study. INTERVENTIONS: Subjects consumed three rapeseed oil-based test margarines (STAEST, STEEST and control (no added stanols or sterols)) as part of a low-fat diet each for 4 weeks. RESULTS: Mean daily intake of total plant sterols plus stanols was 2.01-2.04 g during the two test margarine periods. In reference to control, serum total cholesterol was reduced by 9.2 and 7.3% with the STAEST and STEEST margarine, respectively (P<0.001 for both). The respective reductions for low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol were 12.7 and 10.4% (P<0. 001). The cholesterol-lowering effects of the test margarines did not differ significantly. The presence of apolipoprotein E4 allele had a significant effect on LDL cholesterol response during the STAEST margarine only. Serum sitosterol and campesterol increased by 0.83 and 2.77 mg/l with the STEEST (P<0.001), respectively and decreased by 1.18 and 2.60 mg/l with the STAEST margarine (P<0.001). Increases of serum sitostanol and campestanol were 0.11 and 0.19 mg/l with the STAEST margarine (P<0.001), repsectively. No significant changes were found in serum fat-soluble vitamin and carotenoid concentrations when related to serum total cholesterol. CONCLUSIONS: STAEST and STEEST margarines reduced significantly and equally serum total and LDL cholesterol concentrations as part of a low-fat diet. SPONSORSHIP: Grant to the University of Kuopio by Raisio Benecol Ltd, Raisio, Finland. 
OBJECTIVE: The present study was undertaken to examine the effect of a polyunsaturated fat diet compared with an isocaloric Mediterranean-style monounsaturated fat diet. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a randomized 2-week crossover study on either a high-polyunsaturated or a high-monounsaturated fat diet in 11 well-controlled diabetic men. Blood was taken fasting and for up to 8 h after a high fat meal. Lipoproteins were isolated by sequential ultracentrifugation. Apolipoprotein (apo) B48 and apo B100 were separated by PAGE. Fatty acids were analyzed by gas-liquid chromatography RESULTS: Fasting blood glucose and insulin levels were significantly higher on the linoleic acid diet compared with the oleic acid diet (P < 0.01 and P < 0.002, respectively). Plasma cholesterol and LDL cholesterol levels were also significantly higher on the linoleic acid diet (P < 0.001). Likewise, fasting chylomicron apo B48 and apo B100 (P < 0.05) and postprandial chylomicron and VLDL apo B48 and B100 (P < 0.05) were also higher on the linoleic acid diet. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that, in type 2 diabetes, an oleic acid-rich Mediterranean-type diet versus a linoleic acid-enriched diet may reduce the risk of atherosclerosis by decreasing the number of chylomicron remnant particles. 
OBJECTIVES: The failure of single-nutrient supplementation to prevent disease in intervention studies underlines the necessity to develop a holistic view of food intake. The objectives of this study were to devise a diet quality index (DQI) and identify biomarkers of multidimensional dietary behavior. DESIGN: A nutrition survey was conducted in Mediterranean southern France by means of a food frequency questionnaire. The DQI was based on current dietary recommendations for prevention of diet-related diseases such as cardiovascular disease and some cancers. A second DQI included tobacco use. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: performed Spearman rank correlations, cross-classifications and intraclass correlations were computed between the DQI and biomarkers. RESULTS: Of the 146 subjects, 10 had a healthful diet and 18 had a poor diet. Erythrocyte omega-3 fatty acids-eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-beta carotene, and vitamin E concentrations were lower and cholesterol concentrations were higher in the poor diet; the difference was significant for EPA and DHA and borderline significant for vitamin E. Significant correlation was found between the DQI and vitamin E (-0.12), EPA (-0.30), and DHA (-0.28), and beta carotene (-0.17) when tobacco use was considered, but not between the DQI and cholesterol. The correlation coefficient reached 0.58 (P0.01) for a composite index based on all biomarkers except cholesterol. CONCLUSIONS: Subjects with a beta carotene levels greater thanl micromol/L, vitamin E greater than 30 micromol/L and EPA greater than 0.65% and DHA greater than 4% of fatty acids in erythrocytes were likely to have a healthful diet. Each biomarker indicated the quality of diet, but correlation was higher with a composite index. 
Copper concentration in blood plasma is used mainly as an indicator for alimentary copper supply. This has some limitations because copper concentration in plasma fluctuates with age, exercise and health status and does not increase after a meal nor decrease during short-term fasting. The Austrian Study on Nutritional Status (ASNS) provides data on nutrient intake and corresponding plasma concentrations, permitting to evaluate the suitability of copper plasma concentration as a marker of copper intake. Copper intake and intake of relevant nutrients and food groups were evaluated from 7-day weighed food records from 2,400 preschool and schoolchildren between 4 and 19 years of age. Blood samples were collected from a subgroup of 1,400 of these children. The copper concentration in plasma was measured by graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrometry. Correlations between plasma concentrations and intake of nutrients and food groups were calculated using a stepwise linear regression model. The results showed that the determination of copper plasma concentrations are inadequate to predict copper intake from dietary records. A better indicator for copper supply may be the evaluation of those food items, which are the predominant sources of copper intake at the population level. The highest influence on copper plasma concentration was found for the intake of meat, representing not only the most important food group for copper supply but also the most important food group for fat and protein supply. The individual copper status can only be estimated accurately when information on characteristic enzyme activities under control of additional factors of influence or even body stores of copper are available.
BACKGROUND: Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) have been shown to positively affect blood lipids; however, their comparative effects on insulin sensitivity are unclear. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to investigate whether chronic intake of MUFAs or PUFAs improves insulin sensitivity in people with type 2 diabetes via stimulation of the endogenous gut hormone glucagon-like peptide 1 [7-36] amide (GLP-1). DESIGN: Nine overweight people with type 2 diabetes received isoenergetic high-MUFA (20.3 +/- 3.5% of total energy) or high-PUFA (13.4 +/- 1. 3%) diets for 24 d in a randomized, double-blind crossover design. RESULTS: Weight and glycemic control remained stable throughout the study. Despite a significant change in the plasma triacylglycerol linoleic-oleic acid ratio (L:O) with both diets (MUFA: from 0.46 +/- 0.03 to 0.29 +/- 0.02, P: < 0.005; PUFA: from 0.36 +/- 0.04 to 0.56 +/- 0.05, P: < 0.05) and the phospholipid L:O (1.7 +/- 0.1 to 2.0 +/- 0.3; P: = 0.04) during consumption of the PUFA diet, this change was not associated with a change in insulin sensitivity, measured by the short-insulin-tolerance test. There was a significant reduction in the ratio of total to HDL cholesterol during consumption of the PUFA diet (5.2 +/- 0.4 compared with 4.7 +/- 0.3; P: = 0.005) but no change with the MUFA diet. There was no change in the fasting or postprandial incremental area under the curve in response to an identical standard test meal for glucose, insulin, triacylglycerol, nonesterified fatty acids, or GLP-1. CONCLUSIONS: Over the 3-wk intervention period, diet-induced change in the triacylglycerol or phospholipid L:O was not associated with either increased stimulation of GLP-1 or a change in insulin sensitivity in people with type 2 diabetes. 
OBJECTIVE: Firstly, to study the effect of tea and tea polyphenols on cardiovascular risk indicators of the inflammatory system (IL6, IL1beta and TNF-alpha, CRP), and on haemostasis and endothelial proteins with an acute phase behaviour (fibrinogen, vWF, PAI-1, FVIIa and u-PA). Secondly, to study the relationship between plasma levels of antioxidants (alpha-tocopherol, beta-carotene and vitamin C) and these acute-phase, cardiovascular risk indicators. DESIGN: Randomized study. SUBJECTS: Sixty-four smoking healthy volunteers were recruited by newspaper advertisements; there were five dropouts. INTERVENTION: Four-week administration of black tea, green tea, green tea polyphenol isolate and mineral water ( 13-16 per group). MEASURES: Plasma levels of the inflammatory markers IL6, IL1beta, TNF-alpha, CRP, fibrinogen, vWF, PAI-1, FVIIa and u-PA and of the antioxidants alpha-tocopherol, beta-carotene and vitamin C. RESULTS: Different dosages of tea polyphenols had no effect on inflammation, haemostasis and endothelial markers. There was a significant negative correlation between the levels of the antioxidant beta-carotene and the inflammation markers IL6 and fibrinogen (r = -0.35 and r = -0.37, respectively, P<0.01) in this group of smokers. Remarkably, there was a significant positive correlation between the levels of the antioxidant alpha-tocopherol and the inflammation marker IL6 (r = 0.28, P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Tea drinking had no effect on the levels of the inflammation, haemostasis and endothelial cardiovascular risk factors measured. We did observe a relationship between the antioxidant variables alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene and inflammation markers in this group of healthy smoking subjects. 
It is well known that cadmium (Cd) causes renal dysfunction such as increase of beta(2)-microglobulin excretion into urine. Although Cd in rice seems to be one of the largest sources of total Cd intake in Japan, there are very few studies that have epidemiologically clarified the relationship between Cd concentration in rice (Cd-R) and renal dysfunction, because such studies are basically ecological studies, in which confounding factors are difficult to take into consideration. To derive safety levels for foodstuff from Cd-R, it is essential to evaluate the effect of confounding factors. Thus, we investigated the dose-response relationship between renal dysfunction and not only Cd-R but also confounding factors, and we tried to determine whether Cd-R is an adequate indicator of "dose" in the dose-response relationship between Cd intake and renal dysfunction. In 1971, Cd-R data were obtained from rice samples collected by the Environment Agency, Government of Japan in the Fuchu area of Toyama Prefecture, which is known as a place where many itai-itai disease patients were found, and medical data were collected during 1979-1984 by Toyama Prefecture. First, the dose-response relationship between Cd-R and renal dysfunction was analyzed using the data from the Fuchu area. Second, to investigate the effect of confounding factors, analysis using the data from both the Fuchu area and an unpolluted area with environmental factors different from those of the Fuchu area was performed. The results showed that the cause of renal dysfunction could not be explained by Cd-R alone, and confounding factors were not negligible. Although it is difficult to clarify precisely the confounding factors from the available data, it is concluded that deriving a safety level for foodstuffs using only the Cd-R level as a reference is not appropriate.
The validity of self-reported fruit and vegetable intake in minority populations has not been adequately established. In this study, the authors examined the association of three food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) and 24-hour dietary recalls with serum carotenoid levels. Approximately 1,000 African-American adults recruited from 15 churches in Atlanta, Georgia (1997-1998) completed three fruit and vegetable FFQs: a seven-item instrument assessing intake during the past month; a two-item measure assessing usual intake; and a 36-item measure adapted from the Health Habits and History Questionnaire. A total of 414 participants received a 24-hour recall by telephone, and 105 of them received two additional recalls. Serum levels of lycopene, lutein, cryptoxanthin, alpha-carotene, and beta-carotene were assessed in 813 participants and used as the validity criterion. The correlations of fruit and vegetable servings with specific and total serum carotenoid levels were generally higher for the 36-item FFQ than for the two-item and seven-item instruments. The strongest correlation of fruit and vegetable servings with total carotenoid levels was observed for the three recalls (r = 0.42), with the 36-item FFQ and the single 24-hour recall yielding comparable correlations (r = 0.35 and r = 0.37, respectively). The validity of the 36-item fruit and vegetable FFQ was generally as strong as the validity of both 1 and 3 days of recalls. Given the lower cost and time needed for administration relative to recalls, it appears that the 36-item FFQ has merit for evaluating fruit and vegetable health interventions.
BACKGROUND: Cognitive dietary restraint, assessed by the Three-Factor Eating Questionnaire restraint subscale, is associated with subclinical menstrual cycle disturbances. This association may be mediated by stress-activated cortisol release. OBJECTIVE: We assessed whether 24-h urinary cortisol excretion differs between women with high and low restraint scores. DESIGN: Participants (aged 21.6+/-2.5 y; n = 62) with normal-length menstrual cycles and high (n = 33) or low (n = 29) restraint scores completed a questionnaire describing weight history, dietary practices, and exercise. Cortisol, calcium, and creatinine were measured in urine collected over 24 h on a day when all food and beverages were provided and measured. Previously, 3-d food records and anthropometric measurements were obtained. RESULTS: Age, height, weight, body mass index, and length of menstrual cycle were similar between groups. The reported amount of exercise was higher (3.4+/-1.7 compared with 2.2+/-1.8 h/wk; P<0.05) and energy intakes (assessed from 3-d and 24-h food records) were lower in the high- than in the low-restraint group. Ratios of urinary cortisol (nmol) to creatinine (mmol) were higher in the high-restraint than in the low-restraint group (42.9+/-12.9 compared with 36.3+/-8.9; P<0.05), whereas ratios of urinary calcium (mmol) to creatinine were lower (0.3+/-0.1 compared with 0.4+/-0.2; P<0.05) in the high-restraint group. Urinary cortisol was not associated with exercise, nutrient intakes, or anthropometric measurements. CONCLUSIONS: High dietary restraint scores are associated with urinary cortisol, a biological marker of stress, and high cortisol excretion may affect bone health. Our results suggest that further research is warranted to clarify these associations and to determine whether they persist over time. 
BACKGROUND: Analyzing 24-h urine for lithium after consumption of lithium-tagged foods or supplements provides a validated compliance marker but is laborious. OBJECTIVE: Most studies involve blood sampling; therefore, we tested whether serum lithium concentration could be used as a compliance marker. DESIGN: We used serum lithium as a compliance marker in a dietary trial and an evaluation study. RESULTS: In the dietary trial, 78 volunteers consumed 500 mL yogurt tagged with lithium (250 micromol/d) for 6 wk. Serum lithium increased from 0.9+/-0.3 to 6.6+/-1.5 micromol/L, which was close to the predicted concentration, indicating that the subjects were highly compliant. However, the interindividual variability in serum lithium concentration was large. To test whether this variability resulted from compliance differences or natural variability, we performed an evaluation study: 12 subjects took a lithium supplement (250 micromol/d) for 13 d under supervision. Serum lithium increased from 0.14+/-0.03 to 3.9+/-0.8 micromol/L (range: 2.6-5.4 micromol/L); thus, there was wide interindividual variation in serum lithium despite 100% compliance. However, within-subject variability was small, with a CV of 7% for serum lithium measured on 4 different days. We checked whether taking half the dose on each of 2 d (125 micromol lithium/d) would significantly lower serum lithium. Indeed, serum lithium dropped in all subjects, by a mean of 1.0 micromol/L on the first day (P<0.0001) and by another 0.3 micromol/L on the second day (P = 0.0004). Thus, changes in serum lithium concentration of > or =1.0 micromol/L suggest altered compliance. CONCLUSION: Serum lithium concentrations after intake of lithium-tagged foods or supplements can be used to assess compliance in dietary trials. 
Crossbred steers (n = 20; 316 +/- 4 kg BW), each fitted with a ruminal cannula, were used to evaluate the effects of acute acidosis (AA) and subacute acidosis (SA) on DMI, ruminal fermentation, blood chemistry, and endocrine profiles. Animals were blocked by BW and assigned to treatments including 1) intraruminal (via cannula) steam-flaked corn (3% of BW; AA); 2) intraruminal dry-rolled wheat:dry-rolled corn (50:50; 1.5% of BW; SA); 3) offering forage-adapted steers ad libitum access to a 50% concentrate diet (AA control; AC); and 4) offering 50% concentrate diet-adapted steers ad libitum access to a 50% concentrate diet (SA control; SC). Samples of ruminal fluid and whole blood were collected on the day of the challenge (d 0) and 3, 7, 10, and 14 d after the challenge. Daily DMI responded quadratically (P < 0.01) through d 7 for AA and SA steers and increased linearly (P < 0.01) for AC steers. Dry matter intake by AA steers reached a nadir (< 3 kg/d) on d 3 and gradually increased to a level similar to other treatments (7 kg/d) by d 10, whereas DMI by SA steers increased through d 3. Blood pH, bicarbonate, base excess, and total CO2 were decreased (P < 0.03) for AA steers and increased (P < 0.03) for SC steers through d 7. Ruminal pH decreased quadratically (P < 0.01) in AA and AC steers and increased (P = 0.01) in SA steers through d 7. Ruminal total lactate concentration and osmolality responded quadratically (P < 0.01) for AA and AC steers. Ruminal total lactate peaked on d 3 for AA steers and on d 0 for AC and decreased to basal concentrations by d 7. Plasma NEFA concentration increased (P < 0.04) on d 3 and 7 for AA steers. Serum Na decreased (P < 0.05) on d 0 for AA and SA steers and on d 7 and 14 for AA steers. Serum P decreased (P = 0.01) for AA steers through d 7 and decreased quadratically (P = 0.01) for AC steers through d 7. Serum albumin and cholesterol decreased (P < 0.02) for AA and AC steers through d 7. Area under the GH curve decreased (P = 0.02) for AA and AC steers through d 7. Considerable variation was evident in the ability of an animal to cope with a carbohydrate challenge. Results of data modeling generally suggest that serum amylase activity, cholesterol and potassium concentrations, and plasma NEFA concentrations were useful in distinguishing between steers classified as experiencing subacute acidosis or not affected by a carbohydrate challenge.
The aims of this investigation were to: 1) determine the effect of a moderately high dose of carnosine on muscle concentrations of carnosine, histidine and vitamin E at deficient, minimally adequate and sufficient levels of dietary vitamin E and 2) compare the effects of moderately high and pharmacological doses of carnosine on muscle concentrations of carnosine, histidine and vitamin E when dietary vitamin E is minimally adequate. Muscle concentrations of carnosine, histidine and vitamin E were measured in the lateral gastrocnemius and red and white vastus lateralis; carnosine and histidine concentrations were also measured in soleus muscle. Male Sprague-Dawley rats (n = 12/group) were fed a basal vitamin E-deficient diet supplemented with either 0, 0.001 or 0.01% vitamin E and 0, 0.1 or 1.8% carnosine. After 8 wk, 1.8% carnosine resulted in significant fivefold increases in carnosine and twofold increases in histidine in the soleus muscle (P < or = 0.05). Muscle vitamin E concentrations were not significantly affected by dietary carnosine. Thus, very high levels of dietary carnosine are associated with increases in carnosine and histidine concentrations in rat soleus muscle.
Rye is an important source of plant lignans in Finland. In the present crossover trial we wanted to study the effect of rye bread as part of the usual diet on serum and urine enterolactone (ENL) concentrations in healthy volunteers. Eighteen men aged 43 (sem 2.0) years and twenty-one women aged 43 (sem 1.6) years consumed wholemeal rye bread and white wheat bread in random order for 4 weeks. The bread periods were separated by a 4 week wash-out period. The breads provided at least 20% of the daily energy intake. The mean intakes of rye bread were 219 (sem 14.6) and 162 (sem 5.3) g/d and those of wheat bread were 200 (sem 9.6) and 153 (sem 5.8) g/d for men and women respectively. Blood samples were collected from all subjects and three 24 h urine samples were collected from ten men and twelve women at the end of both bread periods for the determination of serum concentration and urinary excretion of ENL. The mean serum ENL concentrations in both men and women at the beginning of baseline period and at the end of the rye-bread period remained constant and were significantly higher than those at the end of the wheat-bread period. Correspondingly, daily urinary ENL excretion increased significantly during the rye-bread period compared with the wheat-bread period and was 5- and 10-fold higher in men and women respectively in comparison with the amount of plant lignan precursors measured in the rye bread. These data indicate the presence of other precursors for ENL in rye which are not detected by the current method of measuring plant lignans in food. The possible role of fibre in enhancement of the formation of mammalian lignans from their plant precursors in the gut also remains to be determined.
Plasma renin activity (PRA), active renin (AR), prorenin, and angiotensinogen were assessed in 486 hypertensive and 175 normotensive subjects with a sodium intake of 10 or 200 mEq/d during supine and upright posture and after infusion of angiotensin II. PRA and AR levels were compared in hypertensive subjects in each condition. With low sodium intake, particularly while upright, there was a significant correlation between PRA and AR. In upright subjects with low sodium intake who had a PRA of 2.4 ng/mL per hour or less (1.85 nmol.L-1.h-1 or less), the correlation was also strong. With high sodium intake, the correlation was weaker. With intermediate sodium excretion, the correlation was intermediate. Prorenin was less predictive of PRA than was AR, and angiotensinogen had a marginal role. Using PRA during sodium restriction while upright as the standard for determining renin status, the precision of AR for predicting renin status was excellent. AR may be used for surrogate assessment of the renin-angiotensin system activity when the system is activated.
BACKGROUND: The Inflammatory Bowel Disease Questionnaire (IBDQ) is a disease-specific health-related quality of life (HRQOL) questionnaire including four dimensions and a sum score. The aim of this study was to assess the internal and external validity, reliability, and sensitivity of a Swedish version of the IBDQ. METHODS: Three hundred consecutive patients with ulcerative colitis completed the IBDQ and three other health-related quality of life questionnaires (the Rating Form of IBD Patient Concerns (RFIPC), the Short Form-36 (SF-36) and the Psychological General Well-Being (PGWB) index). Disease activity was evaluated using a 1-week symptom diary, blood tests and rigid sigmoidoscopy. One hundred and fourteen patients filled in the questionnaire a second time, of whom 75 had been in stable remission for over 6 months and 39 had a significant clinical change in disease activity. RESULTS: Factor analysis of the 32 IBDQ items did not support the four dimensional scores. The dimensional scores had sufficient convergent validity, but low discriminative validity and homogeneity. The homogeneity was also low for the sum score. The inter-dimensional correlations were high. The concurrent validity was supported by correlations between the dimensional scores and other measures of disease activity and HRQOL. Patients in relapse scored significantly less on the sum score and the four dimensions compared to patients in remission. The test-retest correlations for the dimensional scores were 0.40-0.76. Patients with a change in disease activity during the 6-month follow-up period had a significant change in IBDQ scores not found in those who remained in remission. CONCLUSIONS: The Swedish version of the IBDQ had external validity and was shown to be a reliable and sensitive measure of HRQOL in ulcerative colitis, though there are some concerns regarding the internal validity. The use of a sum score was not supported and the questionnaire may benefit from a redivision of items into dimensions with better homogeneity and discriminative validity. 
Circulating plasma fat-soluble vitamin and mineral concentrations were compared in captive females of three species for fruit bats (Pteropus vampyrus, Pteropus hypomelanus, and Pteropus pumilus) fed the same diet. Daily total food intake averaged 28% of body weight on an as-fed basis or 7% on a dry matter basis. Dietary leftovers contained higher concentrations of phosphorus, magnesium, and zinc than the diet offered, suggesting some nutrient selectivity. Additionally, fecal mineral concentrations were two- to threefold higher than dietary concentrations of corresponding nutrients. Plasma concentrations of vitamin A (0.02-0.05 microg retinol/ml), vitamin D (1.50 ng 25-OH D3/ml; 93-108 pg 1,25 diOH D3/ml), and vitamin E (0.49-1.05 microg alpha-tocopherol/ml) were lower than in other herbivorous mammals, whereas plasma mineral concentrations were within normal mammalian ranges. These data may help assess the nutritional status of fruit bats.
BACKGROUND: The serum total homocysteine concentration (tHcy), an indicator of folate status and a possible risk factor for vascular disease, is elevated with impaired renal function and poor vitamin B-12 status, which are common in the elderly. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to determine the association between tHcy, folate intake, alcohol consumption, and other lifestyle factors in elderly persons. DESIGN: This cross-sectional study used linear regression to model changes in tHcy. Subjects were 278 men and women aged 66-94 y studied in 1993. RESULTS: Total folate intake was negatively associated with tHcy in models adjusted for age, sex, serum creatinine, and serum albumin. We found an interaction between food folate intake and supplement use. Food folate intake had an inverse dose-response relation with tHcy that was limited to nonusers of supplements. Predicted tHcy was 1.5 micromol/L lower in users of supplements containing folate and vitamin B-12 than in nonusers and was independent of food folate intake. We found a positive dose-response relation of coffee and tea intake with tHcy, a positive association for alcohol intake of > or = 60 drinks/mo compared with low intake, and an interaction of alcohol use with folate intake and supplement use. Compared with alcohol users, nonusers had higher predicted tHcy and a lower inverse dose-response relation of food folate intake with tHcy. CONCLUSIONS: The inverse association between folate intake and tHcy was strongest among nonusers of supplements and among alcohol drinkers. Identifying modifiable factors related to tHcy, a possible risk factor for vascular disease, is especially important in elderly persons. 
BACKGROUND: Fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEEs) are nonoxidative metabolites of ethanol. FAEEs are found in liver, pancreas, and adipose tissues up to 24 h after consumption of ethanol, and on that basis, they are potentially useful markers for ethanol intake. In this study with rats, we investigated the efficacy of using FAEEs in liver and in adipose tissue as postmortem markers for premortem ethanol ingestion. METHODS: An animal study was conducted in which test rats received injections of ethanol and control rats received injections of normal saline. The rats were killed 2 h after the injections. The bodies of the animals were stored at 4 degrees C up to 12 h, and samples of liver and adipose tissues were collected at different time intervals and processed for FAEE quantification. In another set of experiments, the rats received injections and were killed as described above, but bodies of animals from both groups were stored at 4, 25, or 37 degrees C for up to 72 h, and liver samples were collected and processed for FAEE quantification. RESULTS: FAEEs were detected up to 12 h after death in liver and adipose tissue samples from the bodies of ethanol-treated animals stored at 4 degrees C; negligible amounts were detected in the bodies of animals that received normal saline. Adipose tissues contained higher amounts of FAEEs than liver, as well as more species: eight FAEE species in adipose tissue and five in liver tissue. Higher concentrations of FAEEs were detected in livers of treated animals stored at 25 degrees C for up to 48 h than in livers of controls stored under the same conditions. CONCLUSIONS: For at least 12 h after death, FAEEs in liver and adipose tissues are useful postmortem markers of premortem ethanol ingestion. 
OBJECTIVE: Diet is an important determinant of health outcomes, but physicians have few ways to identify persons with suboptimal diets. The purposes of this study were to examine the reproducibility of a short dietary assessment questionnaire (PrimeScreen) and to compare its results with those of a longer food frequency questionnaire and with plasma levels of selected nutrients. DESIGN: Each subject completed two PrimeScreen questionnaires at an interval of 2 weeks and one full length, 131-item, semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire (SFFQ), and had a sample of blood drawn. We compared the PrimeScreen with two reference standards, the SFFQ and plasma levels of selected nutrients. SETTING: A large managed care organization in New England. SUBJECTS: A total of 160 men and women, aged 19-65 years, participated. RESULTS: For foods and food groups, the mean correlation coefficient (r) was 0.70 for reproducibility and 0.61 for comparability with the SFFQ. For nutrients, the mean r was 0.74 for reproducibility and 0.60 for comparability with the SFFQ. No substantial differences were evident by sex, race, body mass index, occupation or education. Correlation coefficients for the comparison of vitamin E, beta-carotene and lutein/zeaxanthin intakes from the PrimeScreen with plasma levels were 0.33, 0.43 and 0.43, respectively. These values were similar to those comparing the SFFQ with plasma levels. The median time to complete PrimeScreen was 5 min; 87% of participants required fewer than 10 min. CONCLUSIONS: A quick way to assess quality of diet among adults, PrimeScreen has adequate reproducibility and its results compare well with a longer food frequency questionnaire and biomarkers. 
OBJECTIVE: The initial stages of atherosclerosis have been shown to occur in children as young as 3. Elevated total and LDL cholesterol concentrations and low HDL concentrations are a well-established risk factor for atherosclerosis. The objective of this study was to investigate the dietary determinants of blood lipid concentrations at 31 months of age. SUBJECTS: A randomly selected group of children (214 boys, 175 girls) in south-west England forming part of the Avon Longitudinal Study of Pregnancy and Childhood (ALSPAC) cohort. DESIGN: Three-day dietary records were obtained at 18 months. At 31 months a non-fasting blood sample was taken and analysed for total and HDL cholesterol and triglyceride, and measures of height and weight were taken. RESULTS: Among boys, total cholesterol concentrations were positively associated with the intake of total fat (r=0.209, P=0.002) and saturated fatty acids (r=0.211, P=0.002). Among girls, HDLC was positively associated with energy intake (r=0.204, P=0.018), and negatively associated with intakes of polyunsaturated fat, saturated fat and sugar in multivariate analysis. There were no associations between the intakes of non-starch polysaccharides (fibre) or dietary cholesterol and total or HDL cholesterol concentrations in either sex. Among boys, higher intakes of breakfast cereals were associated with lower total cholesterol (r=-0.187, P=0.008). Among girls, higher intakes of biscuits and meat and meat products were associated with higher HDLC concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that the dietary determinants of blood lipid concentrations differ between boys and girls. Reducing saturated fat intake in boys would be likely to lead to an improvement in blood lipid profiles. In this study there is no evidence to suggest that an increase in the intake of polyunsaturated fat by pre-school children would result in improved blood lipid profiles. 
The first experiment evaluated the effects of feeding various levels of Se, two Se sources, and hair color on selenosis responses in growing-finishing pigs. The study conducted in two replicates was a 2 x 6 x 2 factorial arrangement in a split-plot design. Sodium selenite and Se-enriched yeast added at 0.3, 1, 3, 5, 7, and 10 ppm Se served as the main plot and pig hair color as the subplot. A total of 96 crossbred pigs were allotted and fed their treatment diets for a 12-wk period. White and dark (red or black) hair samples were collected from the dorsal-midline at the 4-, 8-, and 12-wk periods from one pig of each hair color from each treatment pen. Lower pig weights (P < 0.10) and daily gains (P < 0.05) occurred as dietary Se level increased when pigs were fed either Se source. Selenosis responses were somewhat more severe, when the inorganic Se source was fed. Alopecia and hoof separation were encountered after the 8-wk period when pigs were fed inorganic rather than organic Se. Plasma Se increased as dietary level increased (P < 0.01), when organic Se was provided (P < 0.01), and was higher (P < 0.05) when pigs were white-haired. A time x hair color x dietary Se level interaction (P < 0.05) occurred, in which hair Se concentration was higher in dark- than in white-colored pigs and increased as dietary Se level increased as the experiment progressed. The correlation coefficient between dietary Se level and hair Se concentration averaged 0.90 (P < 0.01). Cysteine was the amino acid in the highest concentration in hair, but this and other amino acids were not affected by Se level, Se source, or hair color. A second experiment was a 3 x 6 factorial arrangement in a split-plot design with three 9-mo-old gilts from each of the Yorkshire, Duroc, and Hampshire breeds to determine whether hair Se concentration differed by body location and breed. Hair samples were collected from the shoulder, back, rump, front-leg, belly, and hind-leg areas. Hair Se concentration was higher in red- and white-haired pigs and lower in black-haired gilts (P < 0.01). Higher hair Se concentrations (P < 0.05) occurred from the lower than from the upper body areas. Our results suggest that selenosis occurs at dietary levels > 5 ppm and that white-haired pigs exhibit alopecia sooner than dark-haired pigs. No difference in hair Se concentration occurred when diets were < 1 ppm Se, but as dietary Se level increased dark-haired pigs retained more Se in their hair than white-haired pigs.
Under-reporting of alcohol intake has been frequently reported. However, due to the lack of an objective reference method, e.g. a biomarker, information about the extent of under-reporting of alcohol intake obtained with dietary assessment instruments is not available. The objective of this study was to compare reported alcohol intake data derived from a 24 h recall with a biomarker of recent alcohol intake, the urinary excretion of 5-hydroxytryptophol (5-HTOL):5-hydroxyindole-3-acetic acid (5-HIAA). Embedded into the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Potsdam Study, Germany, a validation study that collected 24 h recall data and 24 h urine samples was conducted. Cohort study participants (n 107) volunteered to participate in this validation study. Among them were five subjects who reported no consumption of alcoholic beverages but had a 5-HTOL:5-HIAA ratio that indicated recent alcohol intake when the clinical cut-off point was taken as a judging criterion. After exclusion of these under-reporters, the Pearson's correlation coefficient between reported alcohol intake and the 5-HTOL:5-HIAA ratio was 0.92 (P<0.0001). Except for low alcohol intake of <0.1 g/kg body mass, a significant increase in 5-HTOL:5-HIAA excretion was observed with increasing amounts of alcohol intake. In conclusion, the 5-HTOL:5-HIAA excretion ratio appears to be a valuable quantitative biomarker of recent alcohol consumption. Denial of alcohol intake can be detected, but for the quantification of under-reporting of alcohol intake 24 h reference data are not yet available. With these data at hand, however, 5-HTOL:5-HIAA could become a biomarker for validation purposes in nutritional epidemiology.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) used to assess the dietary intake of iodine. DESIGN: The iodine intake determined by the FFQ was compared with 4-day dietary records and with iodine excretion in 24 h urine samples in a subgroup of participants in a cross-sectional study of iodine intake and thyroid diseases in Denmark. Furthermore, the intake of fish determined from the FFQ was compared with the intake of fish from a simple record kept for 3 months. SUBJECTS: Women aged 25-30 y and 60-65 y. RESULTS: Median iodine intake was similar when determined from the FFQ and from dietary records and the correlation between these measures was 0.52 (P < 0.001). Iodine intake was higher than iodine excretion (P < 0.001). The cross-check questions in the FFQ (for example the question 'How often did you get any kind of fish?') underestimated the intake. In contrast, the intake of a specific fish tended to be overestimated by the FFQ when compared with the 3 month record of fish intake. CONCLUSION: The FFQ can be used to classify subjects into low and high iodine intake groups, but the level of iodine tends to be overestimated. 
During a 21-day lactation period, 48 primiparous sows were fed a fat- or a starch-rich diet (131 g fat and 183 g starch + sugar x kg(-1) vs. 31 g fat and 351 g starch + sugar x kg(-1)) at a high or a low level of feeding (44 vs. 33 MJ net energy per day) according to a factorial design. Blood samples were collected at days 7, 14, 21, 22 (weaning), 24, 25, 26, and 27 post-partum (p.p.). IGF-I levels were higher with the starch-rich than with the fat-rich diet at days 7, 21, 22, and 24 p.p. Plasma IGF-I concentrations on day 22 p.p. were positively related with LH pulse frequency on day 22 p.p. and the height of the pre-ovulatory LH surge. Sows with low body weight at farrowing and high lactational body weight loss had lower plasma IGF-I concentrations than others, before and after weaning. These results indicate that IGF-I concentrations are affected by both feeding level and dietary energy source and are related to the secretion of LH. Furthermore, body weight at farrowing interacts with lactational body weight loss to affect IGF-I concentrations.
BACKGROUND: Validation studies of dietary instruments developed for epidemiological studies have typically used some form of diet record as the standard for comparison. Recent work suggests that comparison with diet record may overestimate the ability of the epidemiological instrument to measure habitual dietary intake, due to lack of independence of the measurement errors. The degree of regression dilution in estimating diet-disease association may therefore have been correspondingly underestimated. Use of biochemical measures of intake may mitigate the problem. In this paper, we report on the use of urinary measures of intakes of nitrogen, potassium and sodium to compare the performance of a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and a 7-day diet diary (7DD) to estimate average intake of these nutrients over one year. METHODS: In all, 179 individuals were asked to complete an FFQ and a 7DD on two occasions separated by approximately 12 months. The individuals were also asked to provide 24-hour urine samples on six occasions over a 6-9-month period, covering the time at which the record FFQ and 7DD were completed. The urine was assayed for nitrogen, potassium and sodium. The protocol was completed by 123 individuals. The data from these individuals were analysed to estimate the covariance structure of the measurement errors of the FFQ, the 7DD and a single 24-hour urine measurement, and to estimate the degree of regression dilution associated with the FFQ and 7DD. RESULTS: The results demonstrated that: (1) the error variances for each of the three nutrients was more than twice as great with the FFQ than the 7DD; (2) there was substantial correlation (0.46-0.58) between the error of both the FFQ and the 7DD completed on different occasions; (3) there was moderate correlation (0.24- 0.29) between the error in the FFQ and the error in the 7DD for each nutrient; (4) the correlation between errors in different nutrients was higher for the FFQ (0.77-0.80) than for the 7DD (0.52-0.70). CONCLUSIONS: The regression dilution with the FFQ is considerably greater than with the 7DD and also, for the nutrients considered, greater than would be inferred if validation studies were based solely on record or diary type instruments. 
In a cross-sectional study of 115 premenopausal non-smoking women, we examined the relationship between lymphocyte levels of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-oxodGuo) and habitual alcohol consumption. The study was conducted in four different regions of Europe, including Potsdam (Germany), Turin (Italy), Malmö (Sweden) and Granada (Spain). Mean 8-oxodGuo levels differed significantly across study centres (P = 0.001), with the highest levels in Granada [2.17 8-oxodGuox10(-6) 2'-deoxyguanosine (95% confidence interval 1.27-4.40)] and lowest levels in Turin [1.19 (0.36-4.29)]. Mean levels of total alcohol intake and of types of alcoholic beverages consumed (wine, fortified wines, beer and cider) also differed across the study centres (P < 0.05), with the highest total alcohol consumption in Turin, and the lowest intake in GRANADA: When combining all the data, but adjusting for study centre, individual 8-oxodGuo level correlated inversely with alcohol intake. This inverse association remained unaltered after further adjustment for Quetelet Index, fruit and vegetable consumption, and plasma carotenoid levels. Furthermore, the inverse association was also observed for each of the study centres separately, and for different beverage types, with the exception of Granada, where the majority of women were non-drinkers and where alcohol intakes were also very low for the consumers. Finally, on a group level, mean levels of 8-oxodGuo and alcohol intake were also inversely associated between the four study centres. The finding of a relationship between alcohol consumption and 8-oxodGuo in lymphocytes was unexpected and not based on a prior hypothesis. This finding consequently requires confirmation from a randomized intervention study.
Few self-assessment cancer-specific questionnaires/modules have yet been developed for radiotherapy-induced side effects. The aim of the present study was to test the reliability and responsiveness of a prostate cancer (PC)-specific questionnaire. Thirty-one patients with PC graded their urinary and intestinal symptoms and their sexual function on the questionnaire. A doctor and a nurse performed a structured interview and graded the patient's symptoms with the same questions. The procedure was performed at both the start and the end of the treatment. A high concordance regarding symptom detection was seen between the patient, nurse and the doctor. The inter-rater test shows intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) values above 0.60 in all scales. The internal reliability exceeded the lower limit (Cronbach a >0.70) for all scales. The test-retest gave acceptable reliability for all scales (ICC > or = 0.60). All scales indicated increased problems during radiotherapy. The questionnaire was proven to be valid for the evaluations of urinary and intestinal problems and for sexual function in PC patients.
To examine the contribution of various foods to exposure to 2,3,7,8-tetrachloro-p-dibenzodioxin (TCDD) in a background-exposed U.S. population, serum TCDD levels were examined in relation to diet as assessed by a standard diet assessment instrument among men with no known unusual exposure to TCDD. Our subjects were male veterans aged 42-76 yr who were in the unexposed comparison group in the Air Force Health Study, a study of the health effects of exposure to Agent Orange and herbicides in Vietnam. Food consumption was assessed by a 126-item food frequency questionnaire. Two hundred and ninety veterans who had both TCDD levels and diet assessed in 1992 were included. In general, associations between serum TCDD and consumption of foods in specific groups or nutrients, that is, meats and fats, were not evident. Among younger men, fish and chicken intake were associated with higher serum TCDD levels. The results suggest that no single food group accounts for a large proportion of variation in TCDD exposure in older U.S. men.
Data on plasma concentrations of retinol and alpha-tocopherol in elderly (over 65 years) living in the Mediterranean countries are sparse. In the current study, plasma retinol and alpha-tocopherol concentrations were determined in 200 healthy subjects (82 men and 112 women) residing in an urban and in a rural area in South Western Greece. High prevalence of low plasma retinol concentration was observed for both sexes in each area. The 16.7% of males in urban and 25.4% in rural area had plasma retinol levels below 0.3 mg/l. The corresponding values for female subjects were 26% and 20.3%. Plasma alpha-tocopherol was found to be within normal range in the rural area (only one male had plasma alpha-tocopherol below 5 mg/l) while in the urban area 68.3% of men and 62% of women had plasma alpha-tocopherol values below 5 mg/l. Differences in dietary habits between subjects living in the rural and in the urban area were revealed through a weekly food frequency questionnaire. This could partly explain the difference in alpha-tocopherol concentrations between the two areas. The results of this study revealed high risk of vitamin A and E deficiency and suggests that the health care system in Greece should pay more attention on the social and health status of its elderly population.
BACKGROUND: The usefulness of serum insulinlike growth factor (IGF)-system-peptide measurement to assess the adequacy of nutritional intake in premature infants with chronic lung disease bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) was assessed. METHODS: Twenty-nine premature infants had serial measurements taken of their serum IGF-1, insulinlike growth factor binding protein (IGFBP)-2, and IGFBP-3 concentrations between 2 and 6 weeks of age. Regression analyses were used to examine the relation between nutritional parameters and IGF-1, IGFBP-2, and IGFBP-3 concentrations in premature infants with and without BPD. RESULTS: The group of infants with BPD (n = 12) did not differ from infants without BPD (n = 17) in gestational age or weight at entry, but gained less weight during the study period. In infants without BPD, IGF-1 correlated positively with protein intake (r = 0.50) and caloric intake (r = 0.41) over the 3 days before sample collection and with weight change over the previous week (r = 0.46). In contrast, infants with BPD showed a significant correlation between IGF-1 and weight change (r = 0.54) only. There was a significant negative correlation between IGFBP-2 and protein intake in infants without BPD (r = -0.50) and in infants with BPD (r = -0.41). Negative correlations between IGFBP-2 and both weight change (r = -0.64) and caloric intake (r = -0.43) over the previous week were found only in the group of infants without BPD. IGFBP-3 correlated positively with weight changes and protein intake in both groups but correlated with caloric intake only in the group without BPD. Multiple regression analyses were used to determine significant independent variables associated with IGF-1, IGFBP-2, and IGFBP-3. In infants without BPD, significant independent predictors of IGFBP-2 were 7-day weight change and 2-day protein intake; 3-day caloric intake was the only significant independent predictor for IGFBP-3. For infants with BPD, 3-day weight gain was the only independent variable associated with serum IGF-1. Protein intake in the week before sample collection was an independent predictor of IGFBP-2 and 3-day weight change and 2-day protein intake were independent predictors of IGFBP-3. CONCLUSIONS: These results confirm that changes in serum IGF-1, IGFBP-2, and IGFBP-3 reflect the nutritional status of premature infants and demonstrate that the relation between these proteins and nutritional intake differs in premature infants with and without BPD. Refinement of these observations by future studies may permit a more accurate determination of the protein and caloric intake sufficient for growth and repair after injury in premature infants with lung disease. 
BACKGROUND: The validity of dietary assessment methods should be established before diet-disease associations are reported. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to validate a 7-d food diary and a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) against independent biomarkers of intake in urine (nitrogen, potassium, and sodium) and blood (plasma ascorbic acid). DESIGN: A total of 146 healthy middle-aged men and women were recruited from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer UK Norfolk cohort, a free-living cohort of approximately 25000 persons. Over a 9-mo period, urinary nitrogen, potassium, and sodium were estimated from 2-6 complete 24-h urine collections in 134 subjects and plasma ascorbic acid was estimated from 2-3 fasting blood samples in 118 subjects. Subjects completed 2 FFQs and two 7-d food diaries. RESULTS: In men and women combined, correlations between 24-h urinary nitrogen excretion and dietary intake from the 7-d food diary were high (r = 0.57-0.67) compared with those for the FFQ (r = 0.21-0.29). Similarly, correlations between urinary potassium and dietary potassium were higher for the 7-d food diary (r = 0.51-0.55) than for the FFQ (r = 0.32-0.34). There was no overall difference in correlations between plasma ascorbic acid and dietary vitamin C between the 7-d food diary (r = 0.40-0.52) and the FFQ (r = 0.44-0.45). CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that, despite increased subject burden, the 7-d food diary provided a better estimate of nitrogen and potassium intakes than did the FFQ in this study population. However, with respect to plasma ascorbic acid, both the FFQ and 7-d food diary provided a similar ranking of subjects according to vitamin C intake. 
OBJECTIVE: To assess the utility of serum phospholipid fatty acid (FA) levels as a biochemical indicator of habitual dietary fatty acid intake in Japanese, whose diet is characterized by low fat intake and high intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) of marine origin. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Eighty-seven male volunteers from four public health center districts that were part of the Japan Public Health Center based Prospective Study (JPHC Study) cohort I, were included in this study. Habitual intake of fatty acid was obtained by 7 day weighed dietary records four times (in one area only twice) in 1994--1995. Blood was collected twice, in February and August of the same year, and the composition of FA in serum phospholipid was analyzed by gas chromatography. The correlation coefficient between serum phospholipid FA levels and fatty acid intake was calculated. RESULTS: High correlations were observed for eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), which are marine origin n-3 PUFA (r=0.75, 0.49, 0.50, respectively). No significant correlation was observed for saturated fatty acid (SFA), although the monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA), palmitoleic acid and oleic acid intake were moderately correlated (r=0.22, 0.35, respectively). The correlations for EPA, DPA and DHA were similar in both samples collected in February and August. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that in populations with a high and stable over time intake of n-3 PUFA of marine origin, a single measurement of serum phospholipids reflects the ranking of habitual intake of marine origin n-3 PUFA. 
OBJECTIVES: We sought to assess validity of the Incontinence Impact Questionnaire (IIQ) and the Urogenital Distress Inventory (UDI) (long and short forms) in incontinent women previously urodynamically undiagnosed. STUDY DESIGN: Post hoc analysis of responses to the IIQ and UDI questionnaires were obtained from a trial on a urethral device in community-dwelling incontinent women. Internal consistency and validity were evaluated against the 1-hour pad test. RESULTS: Internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha) for the long forms was high for the IIQ and moderately high for the UDI, good for the IIQ-short, but poor for the UDI-short. Correlations with 1h pad test were low and non-significant for both versions. Correlation of the short with the long forms was high. CONCLUSION: In the community-dwelling population, without a urodynamic diagnosis, neither long nor short versions of the questionnaires correlate with the severity of the urinary incontinence as shown by the pad test. The validity of the current questionnaires in women without urodynamic diagnosis is questionable. 
Fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEE) are products of the nonoxidative ethanol metabolism, which are known to be detectable in blood only about 24h after the last alcohol intake. After deposition in hair they should be suitable long-term markers of chronically elevated alcohol consumption. Therefore, a method for the analysis of ethyl myristate, ethyl palmitate, ethyl oleate and ethyl stearate from hair was developed based on the extraction of the hair sample by a dimethylsulphoxide (DMSO)/n-hexane mixture, separation and evaporation of the n-hexane phase and application of headspace solid-phase microextraction (HS-SPME) in combination with gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) to the extract. For use as internal standards, the corresponding D(5)-ethyl esters were prepared. The HS-SPME/GC-MS measurements were automatically performed using a multi-purpose sampler. The detection limits of the FAEE were between 0.01 and 0.04ng/mg and the reproducibility was between 3.5 and 16%. By application of the method to hair samples of 21 fatalities with known heavy alcohol abuse 0.045-2.4ng/mg ethyl myristate, 0.35-13.5ng/mg ethyl palmitate, 0.25-7.7ng/mg ethyl oleate and 0.05-3.85ng/mg ethyl stearate were measured. For social drinkers (30-60g ethanol per week), the concentrations were about one order of magnitude smaller. For 10 teetotalers negative results or traces of ethyl palmitate were found. It was shown by supplementary investigations in single cases that FAEE are also present in sebum, that there is no strong difference in their concentrations between pubic, chest and scalp hair, and that they are detectable in hair segments after a 2 months period of abstinence. From the results follows that the measurement of FAEE concentrations in hair is a useful way for a retrospective detection of alcohol abuse.
Quercetin, a polyphenol with potential health effects, is absorbed by humans and measurement in plasma can be used as a biomarker for intake. However, the chemical nature of the quercetin in blood is still not known, although one possibility is that glucosides are found in an unchanged form from the original food. We propose that the existence of quercetin glucosides in plasma is unlikely, since the metabolic beta-glucosidase capacity of the small intestine and of the liver is too great for quercetin glucosides to escape deglycosylation. We critically examine the limited number of studies which purport to detect quercetin glycosides in blood and the current evidence for the absorption of these compounds from the gastrointestinal tract. We emphasise the need for comprehensive identification of circulating compounds, since polyphenol glucuronides, the expected metabolites in plasma, have almost identical chromatographic properties to the glucosides at acid pH. Studies on the nature of quercetin metabolites in plasma are urgently needed so that the proposed biological activities of quercetin can be re-assessed and that a suitable biomarker of exposure can be established.
OBJECTIVES: To better define the relationship between dietary zinc and copper for humans so that sound recommendations for intakes of these elements can be made. METHODS: A study was conducted to ascertain the effect of moderately excessive and deficient intakes of zinc on copper metabolism and use in humans fed low and luxuriant amounts of copper. Twenty-one postmenopausal women housed in a metabolic unit completed the study as designed. After a 10-d equilibration period in which they were fed a diet providing 31.5 micromol (2 mg) Cu and 91.8 micromol (9 mg) Zn/8.4 MJ (2000 kcal), the women were divided into two groups. One group was fed a diet containing 15.7 micromol (1 mg) Cu/8.4 MJ (2000 kcal), and the other group was fed a diet containing 47.2 micromol (3 mg) Cu/8.4 MJ (2000 kcal). After equilibration, both groups were fed the basal diet providing 45.9 micromol (3 mg) Zn/8.4 MJ (2000 kcal) for 90 d; this was followed by another 10-d equilibration period before dietary zinc was increased to 811 micromol (53 mg)/8.4 MJ (2000 kcal) for 90 d. RESULTS: The women were in positive copper balance only when the diet provided 47.2 micromol (3 mg) Cu and 811 micromol (53 mg) Zn/d. Immunoreactive ceruloplasmin concentrations and platelet cytochrome-c oxidase activity on a platelet number basis were significantly lower and the ratio between enzymatic and immunoreactive ceruloplasmin was significantly higher during low dietary than during high dietary zinc intake. Serum cholesterol was higher in subjects fed 15.7 micromol (1 mg) Cu/d than in those fed 47.2 micromol (3 mg) Cu/d. Total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations decreased with zinc supplementation. Whole-blood glutathione concentration and erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase activity were lower during high than during low dietary zinc intake. CONCLUSIONS: The findings indicate that an inadequate intake of zinc (45.9 micromol/d; 3 mg/d) was more effective than a moderately high intake of zinc (811 micromol/d; 53 mg/d) in inducing changes associated with a decreased copper status in postmenopausal women. Furthermore, the findings indicate that copper status indicators might be useful in evaluating changes in zinc status in humans, and an intake of 15.7 micromol (1 mg)/d of copper may be inadequate for postmenopausal women. 
High intake of fish has been associated with reduced risk of CHD. The high content of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in fish has been suggested to be a protective factor. In addition, fish is the entirely dominating source of methylmercury for the general population, and the concentration of Hg in erythrocytes (Ery-Hg) is often used as an index of fish consumption. Our aim was to study the relationships between a first-ever myocardial infarction, Ery-Hg, activity of gluthathione peroxidase in erythrocytes (Ery-GSH-Px) and plasma concentration of the n-3 PUFA eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids (P-PUFA). In a population-based prospective nested case-control study within Northern Sweden seventy-eight cases of a first-ever myocardial infarction were compared with 156 controls with respect to Ery-Hg, P-PUFA and Ery-GSH-Px. Both Ery-Hg and P-PUFA, but not Ery-GSH-Px, were significantly higher in subjects reporting high fish intake (at least one meal per week) than in those with lower intake. This finding suggests that Ery-Hg and P-PUFA reflect previous long-term fish intake. Low risk of myocardial infarction was associated with high Ery-Hg or high P-PUFA. In a multivariate model the risk of myocardial infarction was further reduced in subjects with both high Ery-Hg and high P-PUFA (odds ratio 0.16, 95 % CI 0.04, 0.65). In conclusion, there is a strong inverse association between the risk of a first myocardial infarction and the biomarkers of fish intake, Ery-Hg and P-PUFA, and this association is independent of traditional risk factors.
The aim of the present cross-sectional study was to examine the agreement and disagreement between a 7 d diet diary (7DD) and a self-administered machine-readable food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) asking about diet in the previous year, and to validate both methods with biomarkers of nutrient intake. The subjects were an age- and employment-grade-stratified random subsample of London-based civil servants (457 men and 403 women), aged 39-61 years, who completed both a 7DD and a FFQ at phase 3 follow-up (1991-1993) of the Whitehall II study. Mean daily intakes of dietary energy, total fat, saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids, linoleic acid, total carbohydrate excluding fibre, sugars, starch, dietary fibre, protein, vitamin C, vitamin E (as alpha-tocopherol equivalents), folate, carotenes (as total beta-carotene activity), Fe, Ca, Mg, K and alcohol were measured. Serum cholesteryl ester fatty acids (CEFA), plasma alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene were also measured as biomarkers. Estimates of mean energy intake from the two methods were similar in men, and some 10 % higher according to the FFQ in women. Compared with the 7DD, the FFQ tended to overestimate plant-derived micronutrient intakes (carotenes from FFQ v. 7DD men 2713 (SD 1455) v. 2180 (SD 1188) microg/d, women 3100 (SD 1656) v. 2221 (SD 1180) microg/d, both differences P<0.0001) and to underestimate fat intake. Against plasma beta-carotene/cholesterol, carotene intake was as well estimated by the FFQ as the 7DD (Spearman rank correlations, men 0.32 v. 0.30, women 0.27 v. 0.22, all P< or =0.0001, energy-adjusted data). Ranking of participants by other nutrient intakes tended to be of the same order according to the two dietary methods, e.g. rank correlations for CEFA linoleic acid against FFQ and 7DD estimates respectively, men 0.38 v. 0.41, women 0.53 v. 0.62, all P< or =0.0001, energy-adjusted % fat). For alpha-tocopherol there were no correlations between plasma level and estimated intakes by either dietary method. Quartile agreement for energy-adjusted nutrient intakes between the two self-report methods was in the range 37-50 % for men and 32-44 % for women, and for alcohol, 57 % in both sexes. Disagreement (misclassification into extreme quartiles of intake) was in the range 0-6 % for both sexes. The dietary methods yielded similar prevalences (about 34 %) of low energy reporters. The two methods show satisfactory agreement, together with an expected level of systematic differences, in their estimates of nutrient intake. Against the available biomarkers, the machine-readable FFQ performed well in comparison with the manually coded 7DD in this study population. For both methods, regression-based adjustment of nutrient intake to mean dietary energy intake by gender appears on balance to be the optimal approach to data presentation and analysis, in view of the complex problem of low energy reporting.
Soya products contain high levels of the isoflavones genistein and daidzein, and their glucosides, and may lower the risk of cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis and cancer. The present cross-sectional study investigated plasma concentrations of daidzein and genistein and their correlations with dietary soya consumption in four groups of twenty premenopausal British women. The women were selected from the Oxford arm of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition using data from food-frequency questionnaires (FFQ) to guarantee a wide variation in soya consumption, and to investigate the utility of the question related to soya milk consumption compared with the utility of the question related to other soya foods. Dietary intakes of isoflavones were additionally assessed by 7 d food diaries. Plasma concentrations of daidzein and genistein were measured by time-resolved fluoroimmunoassay. Geometric mean plasma concentrations (nmol/l) were for the four groups, which were based on increasing soya intake, 4.9, 8.4, 39.2 and 132 for daidzein and 14.3, 16.5, 119 and 378 for genistein. The Spearman correlation coefficients for plasma isoflavone concentrations with estimated dietary intakes were between 0.66 and 0.80 for the diary-based estimates and between 0.24 and 0.74 for the FFQ-based estimates. The correlations for soya milk intakes were clearly higher than the correlations for intakes of other soya foods. We conclude that both the food diary and the FFQ estimate dietary soya isoflavone intakes sufficiently well to use them in epidemiological studies, and that plasma concentrations of daidzein and genistein in Western women who consumed soya products as a part of their regular diet were close to those in Asian populations.
Valid food-frequency questionnaires (FFQ) need to be developed to assess isoflavone intake in investigations of its possible association with the lower incidence of breast and prostate cancer in Asian countries. We investigated the validity and reproducibility of isoflavone (daidzein and genistein) intakes from self-administered semiquantitative FFQ used in the JPHC Study (Japan Public Health Center-based Prospective Study on Cancer and Cardiovascular Diseases). We also investigated the number of food items that would be sufficient to ensure validity and reproducibility. We collected FFQ, dietary records (DR), blood and urine samples from 215 subjects among JPHC Study participants, estimated isoflavone intakes from FFQ and DR, and measured serum isoflavone concentration and urine isoflavone excretion. For daidzein, mean intakes estimated from FFQ and DR, serum concentration and urine excretion were 18.3 mg/d, 14.5 mg/d, 119.9 nmol/L and 17.0 micromol/d and for genistein, 31.4 mg/d, 23.4 mg/d, 475.3 nmol/L and 14.2 micromol/d, respectively. Results were similar when analyzed by sex. Spearman correlation coefficients for daidzein of energy-adjusted intakes from FFQ with those from DR, serum concentration and creatinine-adjusted urinary excretion were 0.64, 0.31 and 0.43, respectively. Correlations between two FFQ estimates with a 1-y interval were 0.76. Results were similar for genistein. The shorter version of the FFQ with three items (natto, miso and tofu for miso soup) showed a similar correlation. The original FFQ and the shorter versions have sufficient validity and reproducibility to be used in epidemiologic studies.
OBJECTIVE: Alcohol drinkers are generally considered to underreport their alcohol intake, but little is known about whether they correctly report their energy intake (EI). We assessed the validity of the reported energy intake of alcohol drinkers using the 24-hour urinary (U) excretion of potassium (K) and sodium (Na) as biomarkers. METHODS: A total of 2,124 men and 1,998 women 25 to 74 years of age with a 24-hour urine collection, a random sample of the Belgian Interuniversity Research on Nutrition and Health (BIRNH). were studied. Dietary intake (D), including alcohol consumption, was assessed by a one-day food record. Basal metabolic rate (BMR) was predicted from age, gender and weight. As a measure for the degree of reporting error, D-K/U-K, D-Na/U-Na, EI/U-K, Non-alcohol EI/U-Na (NAEI/U-Na), EI/U-Na, EI/U-creatinine and EI/BMR ratios were calculated and compared among non-, moderate and heavy drinkers in both genders. RESULTS: EI, NAEI and all seven ratios examined generally increased with the level of alcohol intake in both genders. After adjustment for age, body mass index, smoking and educational level, most ratios were significantly higher in moderate drinkers (p < 0.02 to p < 0.0001) and in heavy drinkers (all p < 0.0001) than in non-drinkers. These differences were most significant in male heavy drinkers. The exceptions were D-K/U-K, D-Na/U-Na and NAEI/U-Na in moderate and female heavy drinkers and EI/U-K in male moderate drinkers. The estimated amount of the overreporting of EI by heavy drinkers was 27.8% in men and 13.7% in women. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides evidence that EI and NAEI obtained from the BIRNH study was overreported among alcohol drinkers, especially among male heavy drinkers. It also indicates that EI from alcohol replaced EI from food. 
We investigated the expression of apoptosis regulatory proteins in the adipose tissue of tumor-bearing and diet-restricted rabbits, and analyzed the differences between the two groups. The apoptotic index in the tumor-bearing group was 25.1+/-12.4 on day 10 and increased to 27.2+/-14.4 by day 20. Thereafter, however, it gradually decreased, falling to 11.2+/-7.8 on day 30 and 0.67+/-0.88 on day 40. By contrast, no apoptotic cells were detected in the diet-restricted group at any of the times examined. Bcl-2 immunoreactivity was either not detected at all, or was only weakly observed in both groups. Bax expression, on the other hand, gradually increased after implantation in the tumor-bearing group. In 2 of the 5 tumor-bearing rabbits, Bax expression in adipocytes was moderate 10 days after tumor implantation, and strong by day 20, but steadily decreased thereafter. By contrast, hardly any Bax-immunopositive cells were detected in the diet-restricted group. These results suggested that loss of body weight in the tumor-bearing group was different from that in the diet-restricted group, and that it was related to adipocyte apoptosis.
We conducted a cross-sectional population-based study comprising 1010 Hong Kong Chinese (500 men and 510 women) aged 25-74 years during 1995-6. The study examined the important dietary, lifestyle and anthropometric factors associated with urinary calcium excretion. Dietary intakes were assessed by means of food frequency questionnaire. Spot urine was collected to measure the urinary excretion profiles of calcium (Ca), sodium (Na), potassium (K) and creatinine (Cr). When expressed as ratios of cations to urinary Cr, significant relationships were noted between urinary Ca and Na (r: approximately 0.6), and between urinary Ca and K (r: 0.17-0.21). Stepwise multiple linear regression analyses were carried out separately in men and women aged below and above 50 years. We found that urinary Na/Cr was the leading independent factor associated with urinary Ca/Cr in all four age and sex groups. It accounted for 22% of urinary Ca/Cr variations in women aged below 50 years, and 35-43% in the other three age and sex groups. We estimated that urinary Ca excretion increased by about 1.4 (range 1.37-1.43) mmol per 100 mmol increase in urinary Na. Except in men aged 50 years and over, urinary K/Cr was inversely associated with urinary Ca/Cr in all groups. Age was independently and positively associated with urinary Ca/ Cr in subjects aged below 50 years. We did not observe any significant relation between urinary Ca/Cr and dietary protein, phosphorus, alcohol drinking and smoking. In conclusion, we found that urinary Na/Cr, but not dietary protein, Ca or phosphorus, is the most important factor influencing urinary Ca/Cr excretion in our population. Urinary K is a potential factor for Ca conservation.
Blood levels of ochratoxin A were determined in 406 Scandinavian blood donors (206 from Oslo, Norway, and 200 from Visby on the island of Gotland, Sweden), using an HPLC method. In connection with the blood collection, the subjects were asked to fill in a food questionnaire to obtain individual dietary information relevant to ochratoxin A exposure. The mean plasma level of ochratoxin A was 0.18 ng/ml in Oslo and slightly higher, 0.21 ng/ml (P=0.046) in Visby. There was no correlation between plasma levels of ochratoxin A and the estimated total dietary intake of ochratoxin A based on consumption data and levels in food (retrieved from the literature), neither was the plasma level of ochratoxin A correlated with the total amount of food consumed. However, consumption of several foods, including cereal products, wine, beer and pork, were to some minor degree related to high plasma levels of ochratoxin A. The strongest correlations (correlation coefficient r>0.4; P<0.001) were observed for women in relation to the consumption of beer or medium brown bread. Correlation analysis of combinations of two or more food categories did not result in any statistically significant correlation.
High plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI)-1 levels and poor dietary fat quality are potential risk factors for cardiovascular disease. The aim was to investigate the cross-sectional associations between PAI-1 activity and dietary nutrient intake, focusing on fat quality, in a population-based study of 871 men aged 70 years. The relationship between PAI-1 and the fatty acid composition in serum cholesterol esters (n=381 men) was also studied. The estimated total fat intake was positively associated with PAI-1 activity. The intake of both monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids was positively associated with PAI-1 activity, whereas the intake of saturated fatty acids was not. In serum cholesterol esters, higher proportions of palmitoleic and dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid, a lower proportion of linoleic acid, and reduced estimated Delta5-desaturase activity were associated with higher PAI-1 levels. These associations were confounded by factors representing the insulin resistance syndrome. PAI-1 activity was positively associated with gamma-linolenic and arachidonic acid, independent of potential confounders. In conclusion, this study demonstrates that dietary intake of unsaturated fatty acids is positively associated with PAI-1 activity, whereas intake of saturated fatty acids is not. The associations present between PAI-1 activity and the fatty acid proportions in serum cholesterol esters are partly influenced by metabolic syndrome-related factors.
The validation of dietary total fat measurements has been elusive because no specific biomarker exists. In metabolic studies with controlled diets, plasma fasting triglyceride levels are reduced with higher fat intake and can thus serve as an "alloyed gold" standard. Participants in this cross-sectional analysis were 269 men aged 47-83 years from the Health Professionals Follow-up Study who completed a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire and provided fasting blood specimens in 1994. In a multiple regression analysis adjusted for age; smoking; alcohol consumption; physical activity; body mass index; and intakes of protein, dietary fiber, and total energy, total fat intake was inversely associated with fasting triglycerides (for a fat increase of 1% of energy, triglyceride levels were lower by 2.5% (95% confidence interval: -3.7 to -1.3%, p = 0.0002)). For reported fat intakes of 20% or less of energy, the geometric mean fasting triglyceride level was 179, and for more than 40% of energy, it was 102 mg/dl. In addition, as predicted by metabolic studies, the inverse association between dietary fat and fasting triglyceride level was much stronger among overweight men than among men with a BMI of less than 25. These data provide additional evidence that informative measurements of dietary fat can be obtained by carefully constructed food frequency questionnaires.
Individuals with chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) experience a number of somatic complaints including severe, disabling fatigue, and exercise intolerance. We hypothesized that hypovolemia, through its interaction with central hemodynamics, would contribute to the exercise intolerance associated with this disorder. We examined blood volume, peak aerobic power, habitual physical activity, fatigue level, and their interrelations to understand the physiological basis of this disorder. Seventeen patients who met the Centers for Disease Control criteria for CFS and 17 age-matched controls participated in the study. Blood volume was assessed using a single bolus injection of Evans blue dye. Peak oxygen consumption was measured during exercise on an upright cycle ergometer. Supine cardiac output and stroke volumes were measured using CO(2) rebreathing. Questionnaires were used to assess habitual physical activity and fatigue. Patients displayed a trend for a 9% lower blood volume (58.3 +/- 2.1 vs. 64.2 +/- 2.5 ml/kg, P = 0.084) and had a 35% lower peak oxygen consumption (22.0 +/- 1.2 vs. 33.6 +/- 1.9 ml/kg, P < 0.001). These two variables were highly related within the patients (r = 0.835, P < 0.001) and the controls (r = 0.850, P < 0.001). Peak ventilation and habitual physical activity were significantly lower in the patients. Fatigue level was not related to any of the measured physiological parameters within the CFS group. In conclusion, individuals with CFS have a significantly lower peak oxygen consumption and an insignificant trend toward lower blood volume compared with controls. These variables were highly related in both subject groups, indicating that blood volume is a strong physiological correlate of peak oxygen consumption in patients with CFS.
Three groups of eight volunteers were administered stable isotope-labelled phthalate diesters in a single dose and the amount of the corresponding phthalate monoesters excreted in the urine was measured. Amongst the phthalates administered were the symmetrical dibutyl-, di-2-ethyl- and diisooctyl- phthalates along with the unsymmetrical benzylbutylphthalate. The control group received no dose, the low dose group received 168-255 microg of each phthalate and the high dose group received 336 to 510 microg of each phthalate. The excreted phthalate monoesters were measured by LC-MS following hydrolysis of conjugates. The bulk of phthalate monoester was excreted in the first 24 hour period following the dose. For dibutylphthalate, 64% and 73% on a mole basis of the low, and high dose respectively was excreted as monobutylphthalate. For dioctylphthalate (sum of the 2-ethylhexyl and the isooctyl species) the yield was 14 and 12% of the low and high dose excreted as monooctylphthalate. For benzylbutylphthalate, 67% and 78% was eliminated as monobenzylphthalate and only 6% (measured for the high dose only) was eliminated as monobutylphthalate. These conversion factors can be used in future studies to assess exposure to phthalate esters via measuring urinary levels of the monoester metabolites.
The feasibility of using metabolites specific to caffeine as urinary biomarkers to be employed in the estimation of dietary caffeine intake is reported. The influence of inter-individual differences in the metabolism of caffeine and the effect of volunteer phenotype on the interpretation of potential biomarkers has been investigated using urinary caffeine metabolite data. This method of phenotype determination accurately reflected the rate constant for the cytochrome P4501A2 (CYP1A2)-catalysed 3-demethylation of caffeine in vivo. Three studies with up to 20 human volunteers demonstrated that a 24-h urine collection after a caffeine dose allows quantification of the metabolites excreted; that the ratios of selected metabolites used to classify the volunteers into fast, intermediate or slow caffeine metabolizers by CYP1A2 phenotype gave a similar result (2:7:3, slow:intermediate:fast) to that found in the general population (1:7:2); and that three metabolites, 1,7-dimethylxanthine, 1,7-dimethyluric acid and 1-methylxanthine, could be studied further as potential biomarkers for caffeine dietary intake.
The interrelationship of dietary calcium (Ca) intake, alcohol consumption, blood lead (BPb), blood cadmium (BCd), age, and body mass index (BMI) to blood pressure was examined in 267 peasant women 40-85 years of age. They were residents of two rural areas in Croatia and differed with regard to dietary Ca intake: 100 women with low Ca intake (approximately 450 mg/day) and 167 women with relatively high Ca intake (approximately 940 mg/day). All of the women were nonsmokers and consumed very little or no alcohol. Median and range BPb values were 74 (29-251) microg/L in women with low Ca intake and 59 (21-263) microg/L in women with high Ca intake (p < 0.0002), whereas corresponding BCd values were 0.6 (0.2-3.6) microg/L and 0.6 (0.3-4.5) microg/L (p > 0.10). Results of multiple regression showed a significant (p < 0.05) increase in systolic blood pressure with age, BMI, and BCd, and marginally with alcohol consumption (multiple r = 0.48, p < 10(- 6)). An increase in diastolic blood pressure was significantly (p < 0.05) associated with BMI, age, and residence area (i.e., it was higher in women with low Ca intake), and marginally with BCd, and alcohol consumption (multiple r = 0.38, p < 10(-6)) When the two groups of women with different Ca intake were subdivided into consumers and nonconsumers of alcohol, BPb was related positively to alcohol consumption and inversely to Ca intake. The highest BPb was found in the subgroup of alcohol consumers with low Ca intake, and the lowest BPb in the subgroup of nonconsumers with high Ca intake: 78 (42-251) microg/L and 51 (22-192) microg/L, respectively (p < 10(-8)). Diastolic blood pressure was significantly higher in the former subgroup as compared to the latter: 95 (72-130) mm Hg and 90 (60-120) mm Hg, respectively (p < 0.05). This cannot be explained by age, BMI, or BCd, which were comparable in the two subgroups. The results indicate that alcohol consumption and low Ca intake can increase BPb, which may significantly contribute to an increase in diastolic blood pressure in female nonsmokers even at relatively low-level Pb exposure.
BACKGROUND: It is difficult to obtain accurate reports of dietary intake; therefore, reported dietary intakes must be validated. Researchers need low-cost methods of estimating energy expenditure to validate reports of energy intake in groups with different lifestyles and eating habits. OBJECTIVE: We sought to validate the reported energy expenditure and energy and protein intakes of Swedish adolescent vegans and omnivores. DESIGN: We compared 16 vegans (7 females and 9 males; mean age: 17.4 +/- 0.8 y) with 16 omnivores matched for sex, age, and height. Energy expenditure as reported in a physical activity interview and energy and protein intakes as reported by diet history were validated by using the doubly labeled water method and by measuring urinary nitrogen excretion. RESULTS: The validity of reported energy expenditure and energy and protein intakes was not significantly different between vegans and omnivores. The physical activity interview had a bias toward underestimating energy expenditure by 1.4 +/- 2.6 MJ/d (95% CI: 2.4, 0.5 MJ/d). The diet-history interview had a bias toward underestimating energy intake by 1.9 +/- 2.7 MJ/d (95% CI: 2.9, 1.0 MJ/d) but showed good agreement with the validation method for nitrogen (protein) intake (underestimate of 0.40 +/- 1.90 g N/d; 95% CI: 1.10, 0.29 g N/d). CONCLUSIONS: The physical activity and diet-history interviews underestimated energy expenditure and energy intake, respectively. Energy intake and expenditure were underestimated to the same extent, and the degree of underestimation was not significantly different between vegans and omnivores. Valid protein intakes were obtained with the diet-history method for both vegans and omnivores. 
OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine whether any differences existed between specific admission variables and uremic status in patients with chronic renal failure receiving dialysis. DESIGN AND SETTING: This was a prospective, observational study conducted at BryanLGH Medical Center East Campus in Lincoln, Nebraska. PATIENTS: The subjects were hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis patients admitted to an acute care facility, who met the following inclusion criteria: (1) they had a primary or secondary underlying diagnosis of chronic renal failure, and (2) they were not receiving parenteral or enteral tube feeding nutritional support on admission. INTERVENTION: The patients were separated into 2 groups by their blood urea nitrogen (BUN) concentrations. Group 1 had a BUN concentration less than 50 and group 2 had a BUN concentration greater than or equal to 50. Admission data (age, sex, percentage of ideal body weight, reported retrospective weight loss over time, type of dialysis, gastrointestinal history, BUN and creatinine concentrations, and dietary prescription) were collected from patient medical records. Two-day kilocalorie and protein counts were conducted on the patients within 24 hours of admission to the acute care facility. Chi-square and 1-way analysis of variance were performed to compare the groups. RESULTS: The total number of participants in the study was 42, with 21 in each BUN group. The mean age was 60 years, and the dietary intake was a mean of 10 kcal/kg and 0.4 g protein/kg. Only 14.3% and 7.1% of the patients met their kcal and protein needs, respectively. The mean percentage ideal body weight was 125 and the mean reported weight loss per week was 2.6 pounds. Gastrointestinal symptoms, specifically nausea and a kilocalorie-restricted diet prescription, were significantly different between the 2 groups. Patients in group 2 were more likely to have gastrointestinal symptoms overall (P < .05) specifically, nausea (P <.05). Group 1 patients were also more frequently placed on a kilocalorie-restricted diet (P < .05) than patients in group 2. CONCLUSIONS: A BUN concentration between 50 and 110 has been shown to be associated with a lower risk of death and a better nutritional status. These findings indicate symptoms commonly associated with uremia, such as nausea, may be associated with the dialysis patient's nutritional status when BUN concentrations are greater than 50. These dialysis patients were not receiving sufficient kilocalories and protein on admission into the hospital, and this can affect their nutritional and, eventually, survival status. 
BACKGROUND: Recent prospective data suggest that intake of rapidly digested and absorbed carbohydrates with a high dietary glycemic load is associated with an increased risk of ischemic heart disease. OBJECTIVE: We examined whether a high dietary glycemic load was associated with elevated hs-CRP concentrations and whether this association was modified by body mass index (BMI; in kg/m(2)). DESIGN: In 244 apparently healthy women, we measured plasma hs-CRP concentrations and determined average dietary glycemic loads with a validated semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire. Using multiple regression models, we evaluated the association between dietary glycemic load and plasma hs-CRP after adjusting for age; treatment status; smoking status; BMI; physical activity level; parental history of myocardial infarction; history of hypertension, diabetes, and high cholesterol; postmenopausal hormone use; alcohol intake; and other dietary variables. RESULTS: We found a strong and statistically significant positive association between dietary glycemic load and plasma hs-CRP. The median hs-CRP concentration for the lowest quintile of dietary glycemic load was 1.9 mg/L and for the highest quintile was 3.7 mg/L; corresponding multivariate-adjusted geometric means were 1.4 and 3.8 mg/L, respectively (P for trend < 0.01). This association was significantly modified by BMI. Among women with a BMI greater-than-or-equal 25, the multivariate-adjusted geometric mean hs-CRP concentration in the lowest quintile was 1.6 mg/L and in the highest quintile was 5.0 mg/L; however, among women with a BMI < 25, the corresponding means were 1.1 and 3.1 mg/L, respectively (P = 0.01 for interaction). CONCLUSIONS: Dietary glycemic load is significantly and positively associated with plasma hs-CRP in healthy middle-aged women, independent of conventional risk factors for ischemic heart disease. Exacerbation of the proinflammatory process may be a mechanism whereby a high intake of rapidly digested and absorbed carbohydrates increases the risk of ischemic heart disease, especially in overweight women prone to insulin resistance. 
To estimate levels of organochlorine residuals in the Japanese population and the contribution of dietary factors to these levels, we determined serum levels of beta-hexachlorocyclohexane (beta-HCH), hexachlorobenzene (HCB), p,p'-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethane (p,p'-DDD), 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl) ethylene (p,p'-DDE) and p,p'-dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane (p,p'-DDT) in 41 volunteers (14 men and 27 women) in a rural area of Northern Japan. These organochlorine levels were measured using gas-chromatography mass-spectrometry. By a self-administered dietary history questionnaire, the usual dietary intake was estimated. Their median levels (range) were as follows: beta-HCH, 0.50 (0.05-1.50); HCB, 0.20 (0.02-0.70); and total DDT (p,p'-DDE + p,p'-DDT), 5.0 (0.9-31.0) ng/ml serum. Levels of p,p'-DDD were detected in only seven subjects (0.05-0.6 ng/ml serum). The beta-HCH levels were increased with rice and milk intakes, but the least squares means were not simply increased according to the quartile of the intakes. Concerning HCB, fish intake showed a borderline significant correlation (0.20, P = 0.052). In terms of total DDT, intakes of meat, fish, vegetable and milk showed a positive relationship, although none of them provided statistically significant results. No other statistically significant relation between any organochlorines and any food intakes examined was observed in this study. The present study suggests that organochlorine compounds are transported into the human body via foods in the Japanese population. Their effects on health should thus be investigated and monitored.
There is considerable interest in the potentially protective effects of high fish consumption on many chronic diseases. Many epidemiological studies use food frequency questionnaires (FFQ) to quantify usual dietary fish intake, so it is important to validate this assessment against objective markers. The objective of this study was to determine the relationship between plasma percentage fatty acids and dietary fish intake as assessed by a FFQ. A semiquantitative FFQ was completed by 174 adults from the community (aged 26-49 years) who also had venous blood analysed for plasma percentage fatty acids. Following linear regression modelling, total non-fried fish intake was a significant predictor of n-3 (regression coefficient, B = 0.94; 95% CI = 0.60-1.28), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; B = 0.73; 95% CI = 0.47-0.99) and the ratio of n-6: n-3 fatty acids (B = -1.0; 95% CI = - 1.35- -0.65). Steamed, grilled or baked fish was a small but significant predictor of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) levels (B = 0.13; 95% CI = 0.05-0.21) while total fish intake was a predictor of n-6 fatty acids (B = -0.88; 95% CI = -1.41- -0.36). This semiquantitative FFQ could be useful for ranking subjects according to their likely plasma n-3, DHA, and n-6 fatty acid intake and the ratio of n-6: n-3 fatty acids, when the available resources may simply not permit biological markers to be used.
Single-cell oils are currently included in human infant formula as sources of the long-chain polyunsaturates (LCP) docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and arachidonic acid (AA) in many countries, but have not yet been approved for use in the USA. We prepared four bovine-milk-based formulas with AA/DHA=0, 34/17, 68/34 and 170/85 (mg per 100 kcal formula) provided by two commercial single-cell oils. These levels correspond approximately to 0, 1, 2 and 5 times the concentrations used in infant formulas and, due to greater consumption of formula per unit body weight, resulted in daily consumption of approximately 0, 3, 6 and 16 times those anticipated for human infants. All other dietary fat (47% of calories) was provided by a vegetable oil blend used in commercial human infant formulas. Domestic piglets were allowed to nurse with the sow for 24 h after parturition, then removed to individual cages and maintained on one of the four diets. At 30 days of age the piglets were sacrificed, and serum collected and organs weighed. With litters treated as a blocked variable, no significant differences among groups were found by analysis of variance for the following serum assays: alkaline phosphatase, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), blood urea nitrogen (BUN), creatinine, albumin, glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, and total protein. No significant differences were found for hematocrit or body weight. No significant differences were found among groups for weights of liver, brain, heart, lung, spleen, kidneys or lung, analyzed as absolute weight and as a fraction of body weight. Hematoxylin/eosin liver sections examined by light microscopy showed no abnormalities as evaluated by an independent pathologist. DHA content in liver and heart and AA content in heart showed significant dose-related accumulation (P<0.05) and confirmed enhanced tissue accretion of DHA and AA from both oils. We conclude that single-cell oils in formula consumed for 1 month in amounts up to 16-fold greater than proposed for human infants in the USA did not result in clinical chemistry or histopathologic indications of toxic effects in neonatal pigs.
Dietary isoflavones are biologically active in humans, but few observational data exist on the relationship between isoflavone intake and excretion in Western populations. We examined associations between self-reported soy intakes and overnight urinary isoflavone excretion in a population-based sample of western Washington State women, and we investigated the usefulness of one versus two overnight urine samples, collected 48 h apart, as a biomarker of intake. Isoflavones (genistein, daidzein, O-desmethylangolensin, and equol) were measured in two overnight urine collections from 363 women recruited from a health maintenance organization. Soy food intakes were assessed using two 1-day diet records completed on each day prior to the urine collections and a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) that had been completed by 312 of the women with regard to their dietary habits 3.5 years (range, 2-5 years) before the urine collections. Twenty-one percent of the women consumed soy on either day of the diet recall, and 13% and 34% of the women consumed soy at least once a week or at least once a month, respectively, according to the FFQ. Women who consumed soy at either of the two diet recalls or at the FFQ (at least once a week or at least once a month) had a significantly higher urinary excretion of isoflavones than women who did not consume soy (P < 0.01). Among women who consumed soy at either of the two diet recalls or at the FFQ (soy consumed at least once a month), isoflavone intake and excretion correlated significantly (P < 0.01). Excretion of the individual isoflavones correlated significantly between the two urine samples collected 48 h apart (genistein, r = 0.41 and P < 0.001; daidzein, r = 0.30 and P < 0.001; O-desmethylangolensin, r = 0.46 and P < 0.001; equol, r = 0.60 and P < 0.001). Differences between soy consumers and nonconsumers and associations between intakes and excretion remained significant whether one or both urine collections were considered. Measuring isoflavone excretion in one overnight urine collection serves as a biomarker of recent or past isoflavone intake, even in populations whose intake of soy foods is relatively low.
OBJECTIVE: Due to rapid economic development over the past four decades, urinary stone components may have changed in Taiwan. We studied the changes in urinary stone components over time and the possible association with dietary changes during the same period. MATERIALS AND METHODS: From 1956 to 1999, 9,715 urinary calculi were collected at a single institution and analyzed using polarizing microscopy. Dietary information was obtained from an official national report. Linear regression was used to analyze the possible correlation between the change in stone components with daily consumption of animal protein, vegetable protein, and lipid. RESULTS: Eleven distinct components were identified. Calcium oxalate (Jensen type I stone; found in sterile, acidic urine) was found most frequently (87.3%), and its incidence increased gradually with time. However, the incidence of Jensen type III stone (caused by metabolic abnormality) gradually decreased from 1956 to 1999. The male to female ratio among subjects was 2.3:1, and the modal age was in the forties. Female patients were more likely to suffer from type II stones (found in infected, alkaline urine), whereas type I and III stones were more prevalent in males. Among the dietary components, consumption of animal and vegetable proteins and lipid increased significantly during the same period, and appeared to be coincident with the increased incidence of type I stones during the study period. CONCLUSIONS: Patterns of urinary tract stones in Taiwan have progressively changed in the past four decades and are now similar to those in western populations. The incidence of type I stones has increased during the past four decades, which may reflect the Westernization of dietary habits in Taiwanese during the same period. 
Within the Danish population, milk DHA (22:6n-3) levels vary by more than a factor of 10. This paper deals with fluctuations in the milk content of 22:6n-3 and other long-chain PUFA (LCPUFA) and the acute effects of fish meals and fish oil supplements on milk levels of LCPUFA. Twelve fish-eating mothers with 4-mon-old infants provided one blood and one adipose tissue sample, and seven consecutive morning hind-milk samples with dietary records from the previous days. Another 12 lactating women were given fish oil (2-8 g) for breakfast and delivered 6-12 milk samples during the following 24 h. The mean milk 22:6n-3 content of the fish-eating mothers was 0.57+/-0.28 FA% (= percentage of total area of FAME peaks in GLC) and the day-to-day variation (SD/mean) within the individual was 35+/-17%. Mean milk 22:6n-3 content on mornings with no fish the day before was 0.42+/-0.15 FA%; this was increased by 82+/-17% (n = 9, P = 0.05) if the mother had eaten fatty fish. Fish oil resulted in a twofold increase in milk 22:6n-3 levels, which peaked after 10 h and lasted for 24 h. The EPA content of milk was also increased by fish meals and fish oil supplements, but these had no effect on the level of arachidonic acid. The study showed that diurnal and day-to-day fluctuations in levels of milk n-3 LCPUFA are large, which makes it difficult to assess the 22:6n-3 intake of breast-fed infants from a single milk sample. In studies of the functional outcome of dietary 22:6n-3 in breast-fed infants it is suggested also to use a measure of maternal 22:6n-3 status.
BACKGROUND: The effect of hyperphosphataemia on serum calcium regulation in renal failure has not been well studied in a setting in which hypercalcaemia is not parathyroid hormone (PTH) mediated. In azotemic rats with a normal serum calcium concentration, an increased dietary phosphate burden affects serum calcium regulation because of its effects on skeletal resistance to PTH, calcitriol production, and possibly intestinal calcium absorption. Our goal was to determine how hyperphosphataemia affected the development of hypercalcaemia during calcitriol-induced hypercalcaemia and PTH suppression in azotemic rats with established hyperparathyroidism. METHODS: Rats underwent a two-stage 5/6 nephrectomy or corresponding sham operations. After surgery, rats were given a high phosphate diet (P 1.2%) for 4 weeks to exacerbate hyperparathyroidism and were then changed to a normal diet (P 0.6%) for 2 weeks to normalize serum calcium values in the azotemic rats. At week 7, rats were divided into five groups and sacrificed after receiving three intraperitoneal doses of calcitriol (CTR, 500 pmol/100 g) or vehicle at 24 h intervals. The five groups and dietary phosphate content were: group 1, normal renal function (NRF)+0.6% P+vehicle; group 2, NRF+0.6% P+CTR; group 3, renal failure (RF)+0.6% P+vehicle; group 4, RF+1.2% P+CTR; and group 5, RF+0.6% P+CTR. Both the 0.6% and 1.2% phosphate diets contained 0.6% calcium. RESULTS: Serum creatinine values were increased (P<0.05) in 5/6 nephrectomized rats (groups 3, 4 and 5), as were serum calcium values (P<0.05) in CTR-treated rats (groups 2, 4 and 5) and serum phosphate values (P<0.05) in CTR-treated azotemic rats (groups 4 and 5). Serum PTH values were suppressed (P<0.05) in CTR-treated hypercalcemic rats (groups 2, 4 and 5) and increased (P<0.05) in azotemic rats not given CTR (group 3). In the azotemic groups (groups 3, 4 and 5), an inverse correlation was present between serum calcium and phosphate in each group, despite a wide variation in serum calcium values. The slope of the inverse relationship between serum calcium and phosphate was steeper in CTR-treated azotemic rats on a 1.2% phosphate (group 4) diet than on a 0.6% phosphate (group 5) diet (P=0.02). Thus, for a similar increase in the serum phosphate concentration, serum calcium values decreased more in group 4 than in group 5. The independent effect of dietary phosphate on serum calcium values was also confirmed by analysis of covariance. Finally, the serum calcium concentration was shown to be greater for any given serum phosphate value in CTR-treated rats than in those not on CTR. CONCLUSIONS: In azotemic rats with calcitriol-induced hypercalcaemia, the magnitude of hypercalcaemia is affected by: (i) the serum phosphate concentration; and (ii) differences in dietary phosphate content. Calcitriol administration also acts to shift upwards the relationship between serum calcium and phosphate so that a higher serum calcium concentration can be maintained for any given serum phosphate value. 
This study investigated the hypothesis that the reduced food intake and poor weight gain in zinc deficient rats is due to: increased plasma leptin concentration, increased physical activity and/or increased metabolic rate. Weanling rats were assigned to three groups: controls fed ad libitum (C), zinc deficient (ZD), and pair-fed controls (PF), and tested in a metabolic chamber and activity monitor at baseline and weekly for four weeks. At the end of the study, all groups were compared for differences in plasma leptin concentrations. ZD and PF animals had markedly reduced food intake and weight gain. ZD had reduced stereotypic and locomotor activity compared to PF animals and both groups demonstrated an abolished peri-nocturnal activity spike and were much less active than controls. This was associated with a reduced total metabolic rate by day 30: ZD (0.73 +/- 0.07 kcal/hr, p = 0.0001) and PF (0.83 +/- 0.06 kcal/hr, p = 0.0001) groups vs. controls (1.82 +/- 0.09 kcal/hr). Plasma leptin concentrations in ZD (1.55 +/- 0.06 &mgr;g/L) were lower than controls (2.01 +/- 0.18 &mgr;g/L, p < 0.03), but neither ZD nor controls were statistically different from PF (1.68 +/- 0.05 &mgr;g/L). Both low leptin concentrations and low metabolic rates in the ZD and PF rats were associated with decreased food intake rather than zinc deficiency. The reduced food intake and poor weight gain observed in zinc deficient rats could not be explained by elevated leptin concentrations, hypermetabolism, or increased activity. Low serum leptin concentrations, hypometabolism, and decreased activity are more likely the result of the anorexia of zinc deficiency.
To evaluate soy intake and serum concentrations of estradiol and isoflavonoids and their relationship to bone mineral density (BMD) and serum bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (bone ALP) activity, we conducted a cross-sectional study of 87 postmenopausal Japanese women. Soy product and isoflavone intake from soy products and intake of nutrients were assessed with a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire. BMD (mg/cm2) was measured by single-energy X-ray absorptiometry at the site of the calcaneus. Serum estradiol (E2) and the sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) were measured by radioimmunoassay. Serum genistein and daidzein concentrations were measured by a high-performance liquid chromatography MS/MS method. A statistically significant correlation was observed between the ratio of E2 to SHBG and BMD (Spearman r=0.38, p=0.0003) after controlling for age, body mass index, smoking status, age at menarche, and intake of vegetable fat, vitamin C and salt. Soy product and isoflavone intake and serum isoflavones were not significantly correlated with BMD after controlling for the covariates. Serum ALP was not significantly correlated with soy product and isoflavone intake, the E2/SHBG ratio or serum isoflavones. The present study supports the association of BMD with serum estradiol; however, it does not support the association of BMD with soy or isoflavone intake or serum isoflavone levels.
OBJECTIVE: The habitual intake of the conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) isomer C18:2 c9t11 (rumenic acid, RA) was assessed and compared with plasma biomarkers. DESIGN: The newly developed food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) comprised 46 food items and was validated by means of a 7-day estimated record (7-d ER). Additionally, the dietary intake results of the FFQ, 7-d ER, the last day (1-d ER) and the last two days (2-d ER) before blood sampling of the 7-d ER were compared to the content of C18:2 c9t11 in plasma phospholipids (PL) and triglycerides (TG) as possible biomarkers. SETTING: Metabolic unit of a university institute. SUBJECTS: Fifty-seven students completed both dietary instruments. From all participants fasting blood samples were taken. RESULTS: Mean daily intake of rumenic acid was 246 mg day(-1) and 323 mg day(-1) as measured by the FFQ and the 7-d-ER, respectively. The degree of correspondence between both assessment methods was acceptable; this is indicated by a total kappa value of kappa = 0.31 (P < 0.01) and a Pearson correlation coefficient of r = 0.46 (P < 0.01). Rumenic acid content in plasma triglycerides was twice as high as found in phospholipids. The correlation between the intake results gained with the 7-d ER and the plasma PL contents of C18:2 c9t11 was statistically significant; this was also true for the C18:2 c9tl 1 values in plasma TG compared with the intake results of one or two days before blood sampling. CONCLUSIONS: Regarding RA intake, the FFQ data revealed an acceptable degree of correspondence with the 7-d ER data but failed to show significant correlations to the potential biomarkers. However, with respect to the results of the 7-d ER, the RA content in plasma PL and TG are possible biomarkers of short-term and medium-term intake, respectively. 
Flavonoids are polyphenolic compounds ubiquitously found in human diets. We have studied the association between urinary excretion of flavonoids and the intake of fruits and vegetables to evaluate the usefulness of flavonoids as a biomarker for fruit and vegetable intake. Levels of 12 dietary relevant flavonoids were determined by LC-MS in urine samples collected prior to an intervention study, when the subjects were on their habitual diet (n = 94), and after they had participated in an intervention study with diets either high or low in fruits, berries, and vegetables (n = 77). Both flavonoid glycosides and aglycones were included in the assay, but only the flavonoid aglycones were detectable. Thus, the flavonols quercetin, kaempferol, isorhamnetin, and tamarixetin, the dihydrochalcone phloretin, and the flavanones naringenin and hesperetin were quantified in the enzymatically hydrolyzed urine samples. The habitual intake of fruits and vegetables, determined by 3-day dietary records before the intervention study, correlated significantly with the total excretion of urinary flavonoids, with a coefficient of correlation of 0.35, P < 0.005 (n = 94). In addition, highly significant differences in the urinary excretion of all flavonoids were observed in the human intervention study between subjects on diets high or low in fruits, berries, and vegetables. Also, at the individual level a significant positive correlation between changes in fruit and vegetable intake and changes in urinary flavonoid excretion was observed. We conclude that urinary flavonoids may be useful as a new biomarker for fruit, berry, and vegetable intakes and may prove useful when the possible health protective effects of flavonoids are studied.
Epidemiological studies suggest that foods rich in flavonoids might reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and cancer. The objective of the present study was to investigate the effect of green tea extract (GTE) used as a food antioxidant on markers of oxidative status after dietary depletion of flavonoids and catechins. The study was designed as a 2 x 3 weeks blinded human cross-over intervention study (eight smokers, eight non-smokers) with GTE corresponding to a daily intake of 18.6 mg catechins/d. The GTE was incorporated into meat patties and consumed with a strictly controlled diet otherwise low in flavonoids. GTE intervention increased plasma antioxidant capacity from 1.35 to 1.56 (P<0.02) in postprandially collected plasma, most prominently in smokers. The intervention did not significantly affect markers in fasting blood samples, including plasma or haemoglobin protein oxidation, plasma oxidation lagtime, or activities of the erythrocyte superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione reductase and catalase. Neither were fasting plasma triacylglycerol, cholesterol, alpha-tocopherol, retinol, beta-carotene, or ascorbic acid affected by intervention. Urinary 8-oxo-deoxyguanosine excretion was also unaffected. Catechins from the extract were excreted into urine with a half-life of less than 2 h in accordance with the short-term effects on plasma antioxidant capacity. Since no long-term effects of GTE were observed, the study essentially served as a fruit and vegetables depletion study. The overall effect of the 10-week period without dietary fruits and vegetables was a decrease in oxidative damage to DNA, blood proteins, and plasma lipids, concomitantly with marked changes in antioxidative defence.
The process by which dietary carbohydrate is transformed into fat in the human body is termed de novo lipogenesis. New methods for the measurement of this process in humans are available and have been used to investigate the role of the carbohydrate form (fed as a liquid or solid), the level of processing of carbohydrate in foods, and the role of lipogenesis in the control of liver triacylglycerol secretion. The present paper will discuss how research results are affected by both the physical state of the carbohydrate in the diet and by the metabolic state of individual research subjects. Of interest is the relationship between the glycemic index of a food (or indicators of a food's glycemic index) and that food's ability to stimulate lipogenesis in humans. Given the increasing prevalence of obesity worldwide, future scientific emphasis will expand methods to quantitate the lipogenic potential of specific foods and dietary patterns and investigate how the metabolic state of insulin resistance affects lipogenesis and/or contributes to obesity.
Physiologic adaptation to the high calcium demand during pregnancy and lactation may be different in adolescents than in adults, particularly at low calcium intake. The aim of this cross-sectional study was to compare biochemical markers of calcium and bone metabolism between adolescent (14-19 y) and adult (21-35 y) women with calcium intake approximately 500 mg/d, in three different physiologic states, i.e., control (nonpregnant, nonlactating; NPNL), pregnant and lactating. Markers of calcium metabolism [serum Ca, P and intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH); urinary Ca and P] and of bone turnover [urinary deoxypyridinoline (D-Pyr) and plasma bone alkaline phosphatase (BAP)] were measured in NPNL (adolescents, n = 12 and adults, n = 25), pregnant (adolescents, n = 30 and adults, n = 36) and lactating (adolescents, n = 19 and adults, n = 26) women. In the NPNL women, iPTH, D-Pyr and BAP were higher (P < 0.001) and urinary Ca was lower (P < 0.001) in adolescents than in adults. Serum iPTH was higher (P < 0.001) and urinary Ca was lower (P < 0.01) in adolescents than in adults also in pregnancy and lactation. Compared with NPNL women, serum Ca decreased (P < 0.001) with pregnancy in adolescents but not in adults. The increase in D-Pyr with pregnancy and lactation was very pronounced in adults ( approximately 130%, P < 0.001) but less in adolescents (<25%, P < 0.01). BAP increased (P < 0.001) with pregnancy and lactation in adults ( approximately 60%) but decreased (P < 0.001) with pregnancy in adolescents ( approximately 13%). Pregnancy and lactation appear to affect bone turnover in adolescent and adult women with low calcium intake differently.
In recent years, the issue of dietary calcium (Ca) requirements is said to have caused more controversy than requirements for any other nutrient. There is little published data on dietary Ca intake levels in Greek children and relationships with other health indicators. Pupils at twenty primary and ten high schools in Crete, Greece, were examined as part of a wider study of the dietary habits and health status of children and adolescents. A total of 1054 children participated: 583 9- to 12-year-olds and 471 14- to 16-year-olds. "High" and "low" Ca intake in each age group was defined using upper and lower Ca intake quartiles for each sex. Multiple regression techniques were used to examine associations after adjustment for energy intake. No statistical association was observed between calcium intake and serum lipoproteins, anthropometric measurements, or physical activity status. Energy-adjusted Ca intakes were positively associated with intakes of protein, saturated fatty acid (SFA), magnesium, phosphorus, vitamin A, and vitamin B2, whereas higher Ca intakes were associated with lower monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) and omega-6 fatty acid intakes. In both age groups, pupils with high Ca intake had higher intakes of the food groups "milk and milk products" and "grains and grain products" than those with low Ca intake, although even "high" Ca intake in older female Cretan pupils (with a 75th percentile cut-off of 999 mg/day) may not be at adequate levels.
Myocardial blood volume (MBV) is the volume of blood residing in myocardial vessels, 90% of which is in capillaries. MBV can be measured in vivo using myocardial contrast echocardiography (MCE). It has been shown that when increases in coronary blood flow (CBF) are not associated with increase in myocardial oxygen consumption (MVO(2)), MBV does not increase. We hypothesized that MBV would increase when increases in CBF are associated with an increase in MVO(2). The atrioventricular node was ablated in 18 dogs and dual-chamber pacing was instituted. In group 1 dogs (n = 9), heart rate was altered from 50 to 150 bpm(-1) in increments of 20 bpm(-1) in random order. In group 2 dogs (n = 9), heart rate was kept constant, and dobutamine was infused at doses of 5, 10, 20, 30, and 40 microg/kg(-1)/min(-1). During each intervention, hemodynamic parameters and MVO(2) were measured, and MCE was performed. MVO(2) increased more (P <.01) with inotropic compared with chronotropic stimulation, resulting in a parallel increase in CBF. MBV fraction and MCE-derived myocardial blood flow increased significantly with increases in MVO(2) (P <.05 and P <.001, respectively) when dobutamine was infused, but remained unchanged when heart rate alone was increased. We conclude that when MVO(2) is increased substantially, the resulting increase in CBF and MCE-derived myocardial blood flow is mediated, in part, by an increase in MBV. Thus, capillary recruitment plays an important role in the physiologic regulation of CBF. Lack of increase in MBV during dobutamine stress may indicate the presence of coronary stenosis or microvascular disease.
Molecular pathways to colorectal cancer involve multiple genetic changes, whereby extensive oxyradical damage causes mutations in cancer-related genes and leads to a cycle of cell death and regeneration. Besides direct oxidative DNA-damage, reactive oxygen and nitrogen species can induce etheno (epsilon)-DNA adducts mainly via trans-4-hydroxy-2-nonenal, generated as the major aldehyde by lipid peroxidation (LPO) of omega-6 PUFAs. Patients with familial adenomatous polyposis (FAP) develop multiple colorectal adenomas. In affected tissues increased LPO could be triggered due to increased arachidonic acid metabolism as a result of elevated cyclooxygenases. Our studies demonstrated an increased epsilon-DNA adduct level in affected colon epithelia of FAP patients. Epsilon-DNA adducts are promutagenic and can cause genomic instability that drives colorectal adenoma to malignancy. We have further investigated the potential chemopreventive properties of olive oil and its polyphenolic components. 'Mediterranean diet', of which olive oil is a major fatty acid source, has protective effects against human breast and colorectal cancers. Olive oil extracts and the newly identified lignan fractions showed high antioxidant capacity in vitro. As epsilon-DNA adducts are biomarkers for oxidative stress and LPO induced DNA damage, they can verify the efficacy of newly identified antioxidants, e.g. from olive oil, as chemopreventive agents against colon carcinogenesis.
The effects of a vitamin C supplemented diet on blood pressure, body and liver weights, liver antioxidant status, iron and copper levels were investigated in DOCA-salt treated and untreated Sprague-Dawley (SD) male rats after 8 weeks of treatment. Vitamin C supplementation had no effect on blood pressure in SD rats but induced a significant decrease in blood pressure in DOCA-salt treated rats, the decrease being more efficient at 50 mg/kg of vitamin C than at 500 mg/kg. Hepatic lipid peroxidation and iron levels were significantly increased in DOCA-salt hypertensive rats whereas total hepatic antioxidant capacity (HAC), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) and catalase (CAT) activities were decreased. Vitamin C supplementation did not affect the overall antioxidant defences of control SD rat livers. In contrast, vitamin C supplementation accentuated the DOCA-salt induced accumulation of liver iron and lipid peroxidation. This occurred without any notable aggravation in the antioxidant deficiency of vitamin C supplemented DOCA-salt treated rat livers. Our data suggest that DOCA-salt treatment induces an accumulation of iron in rat livers which is responsible for the prooxidant effect of vitamin C. The normalization of blood pressure in DOCA-salt treated rats by vitamin C supplementation appears thus independent from liver antioxidant status.
BACKGROUND/AIMS: To compare the effects of saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated n-6 fatty acid-enriched diets on the development of atherosclerosis and thrombosis in New Zealand white male rabbits, 3- to 6-month-old animals were supplemented daily (10 g/100 g diet) with butter (n = 8), olive oil (n = 8) or corn oil (n = 8) by oral administration for 7 weeks. METHODS: Total cholesterol (TC), HDL- (HDL-C) and LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C), triglycerides (TG), apolipoprotein A-1 (ApoA-1), apolipoprotein B (ApoB), lipid peroxides as thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS), thromboxane B2 (TXB2) and 6-ketoprostaglandin F(1alpha) (6-ketoPGF(1alpha)) concentrations were determined in blood samples drawn before and after each group was fed the different dietary regimens. Histological examination was performed on the aortic tissues. RESULTS: After 7 weeks, TC, ApoB and TXB2 increased significantly (p < 0.05) in the butter-fed animals compared to pre-experimental concentrations. Olive oil administration lead to a significant (p < 0.05) decrease in TC and ApoB levels. The corn oil-enriched diet decreased TC, LDL-C concentrations, TC/HDL-C ratios and 6-ketoPGF(1alpha) (stable metabolite of prostacyclin-PGI2; p < 0.05 for all) but increased TBARS levels and TXB2/6-ketoPGF(1alpha) ratios. Light microscopic findings were in accordance with these biochemical alterations. CONCLUSION: Although effective in lipid lowering, corn oil increased oxidant stress as evidenced by increased TBARS and induced endothelial damage which lead to a reduction in PGI2 synthesis and consequently to an increase in the TXB2/6-ketoPGF(1alpha) ratio. Olive oil administration did not induce oxidant stress and it had no affect on PGI2 and TXB2 levels which are implicated in platelet aggregation. These findings suggest that oleic acid is more effective than linoleic acid in the protection of endothelial integrity. 
AIMS: To evaluate two quality of life measures for urinary incontinence (UI) in Scottish females. METHODS: Three groups with UI from two regions in Scotland were studied. Two groups were receiving treatment for incontinence; the third was not. Women completed the UDI and IIQ twice to allow assessment of test-retest reliability and validity. Treatment groups completed the questionnaires again, postintervention, to assess ability of the measures to detect change. Other measures used to assess validity were the SF-36, HADS, weight of urine leaked, and number of incontinence episodes. By design, the three subject groups differed significantly in their characteristics, ensuring a diverse sample of women. RESULTS: Analysis of reliability showed a clinically trivial but statistically significant decrease in total UDI (mean, -6.1; 95% CI, -11.0 to -1.5) and IIQ (mean, -9.7; 95% CI, -15.5 to -3.9) scores between test and retest assessments, possibly due to a research effect. Most items of the UDI (18 of 19) and IIQ (28 of 30) performed very well on test-retest. The UDI and IIQ were valid in that higher scores (indicating more bothersomeness of symptoms/impact on daily living) were associated with greater severity of UI. Additionally the IIQ showed the expected associations with measures of anxiety and health status. CONCLUSIONS: Both the UDI and IIQ detected changes in women's conditions due to intervention. The measures had good psychometric properties, including test-retest reliability, across subject groups. 
BACKGROUND: Dietary flavonoids, especially flavonols, are discussed as potentially preventive agents in the etiology of diseases such as coronary heart disease, stroke, and cancer. However, their consideration in epidemiologic studies is hampered by difficulties in exposure assessment. AIM OF THE STUDY: By comparison with dietary intake estimates, fasting plasma flavonoid concentrations should be evaluated as possible biomarkers of the ordinary dietary intake. METHODS: 7-d dietary records were completed by 48 healthy female students. Flavonoid intake was estimated by means of available literature data on the flavonoid content of foods. Fasting plasma samples were taken at the end of the record period for flavonoid determination (HPLC). RESULTS: The mean intake estimates (7-d period) of quercetin, kaempferol, naringenin, and hesperetin amounted to 17.9, 4.7, 12.1, and 17.4 mg/d, respectively; the corresponding mean plasma concentrations were 22.9, 10.7, 8.2, and 22.2 nmol/l. For all four flavonoids significant correlations between 7d-intake results and fasting plasma concentrations (r = 0.30-0.46, p < 0.05) existed. As expected from the known short elimination half-life of some plasma flavonoids, distinctly higher correlation coefficients were found for the relationship between intake estimates for the last day before blood sampling and the fasting plasma concentrations (r = 0.42-0.64; p < 0.01). The intraindividual variation in fasting plasma flavonoid concentrations during ad libitum intake was found to be rather high (mean coefficient of variation between 82 and 91 %; n = 4). CONCLUSIONS: The flavonoid content in fasting plasma samples seems to be a suitable biomarker of short-term intake and a possible biomarker of the medium-term intake. Due to the high intraindividual variation the combined use of plasma flavonoid concentrations and dietary intake estimates may be the best choice in epidemiologic studies. 
AIMS: To ascertain the accuracy of a quantity-frequency questionnaire (QF) and a graduated frequency questionnaire (GF) as methods of obtaining self-reported alcohol intake in relation to a daily diary and biochemical tests. METHODS: QF and GF data were obtained before and after a 1-month daily diary on alcohol intake in a sample of 52 volunteers aged 20-63 years, of whom 43 were female. A blood sample to measure serum aspartate aminotransferase (ASAT), alanine aminotransferase (ALAT), gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) and % carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) was obtained at the outset. RESULTS: Both QF and GF correlated closely with daily diary intake (r > 0.90). Compared with a daily diary, the mean QF intake was slightly lower, whereas the mean GF intake was 2-fold. The apparent overestimation by GF was independent of the actual consumption level. Self-reported alcohol intake by each method correlated closely with serum ASAT, ALAT and GGT (r = 0.41-0.67) but not with CDT. CONCLUSIONS: In adults motivated to recall alcohol intake, both QF and GF classify individuals in the correct rank order, but GF probably overestimates actual alcohol consumption. 
The purpose of this study was to address the association between dietary protein intake and blood pressure (BP) by combining information from all epidemiological studies that presented quantitative estimates of dietary protein intake and BP assessment. A literature search of MEDLINE, restricted to human studies on dietary protein intake and BP, was conducted. References cited in related studies were also reviewed. The results were as follows. 1) Of eleven cross-sectional studies identified, nine were suitable for quantitative pooled analysis. In men (total sample, n=19,954 for SBP, and 19,982 for DBP), the pooled regression coefficients (betas) of SBP and DBP on dietary protein intake were -0.03 (0.001) and -0.025 (0.01) (both, p<0.01). In women (n=950), the pooled betas were -0.014 (0.01) for SBP (p<0.05) and -0.021 (0.00) for DBP (p<0.01). In the studies that reported data for both sexes (n=12,716 for SBP and 12,508 for DBP), the pooled betas were -0.029 (0.01) and -0.0156 (0.00) for SBP and DBP (both p<0.01). 2) Twenty-four-hour dietary recall and 24-h urine collection were the main methods used for diet assessment, and their pooled results were consistent with the combined results for both sexes. 3) Results from two longitudinal studies showed inverse associations between dietary protein intake and BP after 3 and 7 years' follow-up. In conclusion, a convincing cross-sectional inverse association between dietary protein intake and BP was demonstrated by the meta-analysis of nine population-based studies. The evidence from longitudinal epidemiological studies was limited. Further studies will be needed to confirm the hypothesis of the inverse dietary protein-BP association.
This report describes the biochemistry of fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEE), non-oxidative metabolites of ethanol, and their clinical significance. We review information regarding the enzymes responsible for FAEE synthesis and degradation, and the mechanisms involved with the intracellular and extracellular transport of FAEE and FAEE-mediated cytotoxicity. Also a summary of reports on the emerging clinical significance and diagnostic utility of FAEE as short and long-term markers of alcohol consumption, and the methodological aspects of FAEE assessment is included.
Fourteen premenopausal women participated in a randomized, crossover controlled feeding study of three diets, each two menstrual cycles long. We compared a high saturated fat Western diet (control diet) with two other diets: the control diet plus soy protein (soy diet) and the control diet with polyunsaturated fat (PUFA diet) replacing most of the saturated fat. We measured reproductive and serum hormones, urinary estrogen metabolites and isoflavonoids, and menstrual cycle length. In the follicular phase, prolactin concentrations significantly decreased by 3.6 micrograms/dl (P = 0.047), follicle-stimulating hormone concentrations slightly increased by 0.1 IU/l (P = 0.076), and cortisol concentrations slightly decreased by 81.8 nmol/l (P = 0.088) with the PUFA diet vs. the control diet. The soy diet slightly increased menstrual cycle length by 1.8 +/- 0.7 days (P = 0.088) and significantly increased (P < 0.0001) urinary isoflavonoid excretion. These well-controlled diets did not affect serum estrogens or urinary estrogen metabolites, suggesting that type of fat or consumption of soy with a high saturated fat diet may not alter breast cancer risk by these mechanisms.
Red meats cooked at high temperatures generate mutagenic heterocyclic amines, which undergo metabolic activation by hepatic cytochrome P450 1A2 and N-acetyltransferase-2. A primary detoxification pathway involves glutathione S-transferase A1 (GSTA1), which catalyzes the reduction of the carcinogenic N-acetoxy derivative back to the parent amine. Recently, we described a polymorphism in the GSTA1 proximal promoter; the variant (GSTA1*B) allele significantly lowers enzyme expression. In a case-control study, GSTA1*B/*B genotype was associated with an increased risk of colorectal cancer, particularly among consumers of well-done meat. Dietary nitrosamines, which are bioactivated by CYP2A6, represent another potential etiologic factor for colorectal cancer. CYP2A6 converts the caffeine metabolite 1,7-dimethylxanthine (17X) to 1,7-dimethyluric acid (17U); we investigated CYP2A6 activity using the 17U/17X urinary metabolite ratio from case-control subjects who completed a caffeine phenotype assay. The distribution of CYP2A6 activity was significantly different between CRCa cases and controls, with subjects in the medium and high activity groups having an increased risk (P for trend=0.001). GSTA1 genotype and CYP2A6 phenotype should be evaluated as markers of susceptibility to dietary carcinogens in future studies.
Compared with other regions in the United States, the southern region has had the highest stroke mortality rate and a more prevalent and resistant hypertension. We designed this analysis of the data obtained from the National Health and Nutritional Examination Survey III (NHANES-III), which is a community-based cross-sectional survey, to describe regional variations in blood pressure and the reported consumption of nutrients, focusing on those linked to blood pressure, in the United States. We selected the following variables from the NHANES-III data for this analysis: systolic and diastolic blood pressures, protein, carbohydrates, total fatty acids, saturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids, cholesterol, fiber, sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, zinc, copper, iron, riboflavin, niacin, thiamin, alcohol and vitamins C, E, B-6 and B-12. Of the 17,752 participants in the survey who were 18 y of age or older, the south had the highest systolic and diastolic blood pressures (P < 0.005 for each) and reported the highest consumption of monounsaturated fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids and cholesterol (P < 0.05 for all) and the least amount of fiber in the multivariate analysis (P < 0.005). The highest reported sodium consumption was in the south region (3.4 +/- 0.02 g), and the lowest was in the west (3.2 +/- 0.03 g; P < 0.05). The south also consumed the least potassium, calcium, phosphorous, magnesium, copper, riboflavin, niacin, iron and vitamins A, C and B-6 (P < 0.005). There was no difference among the four regions in frequency of "adding salt on the table." The region of the United States that includes the "stroke belt" has dietary patterns that may contribute to the high prevalence of hypertension and cardiovascular disease.
BACKGROUND: Nutritional factors exert promising actions on the skin, but only scant information is available on the modulating effects of physiologic concentrations of nutrients on the skin condition of humans. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to evaluate whether nutrient concentrations in serum and diet are associated with the skin condition of humans. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study was conducted in which data on serum concentrations of nutrients, dietary intake of nutrients, and the hydration, sebum content, and surface pH of skin were obtained from 302 healthy men and women. Skin condition was measured with the use of noninvasive techniques. Dietary intake was assessed with 2 complementary food-frequency questionnaires. Multiple regression analysis was used to evaluate associations of serum vitamins and carotenoids and of dietary micro- and macronutrients with skin condition. RESULTS: After adjustment for potential confounders, including sex, age, and smoking, statistically significant associations were shown in the total population between serum vitamin A and skin sebum content and surface pH and between the dietary intake of total fat, saturated fat, monounsaturated fat, and skin hydration. Monounsaturated fat intake was also associated with surface pH. Associations between serum beta-cryptoxanthin and skin hydration and between surface pH and fluid and calcium intakes were observed in men only. CONCLUSION: Several associations between nutrients in serum and diet and skin condition were observed, indicating that changes in baseline nutritional status may affect skin condition. 
OBJECTIVE: We examined the effects on serum sex steroids, lipids and markers of oxidative stress of supplementing the diets of healthy male volunteers with scones made with soya flour. DESIGN: A randomized placebo controlled cross-over trial. SETTING: University Hospital of Wales. SUBJECTS: Twenty volunteers recruited by advertisement. INTERVENTIONS: Male volunteers ate three scones a day in addition to their normal diet for a period of 6 weeks. The scones were made with either wheat or soya flour (containing 120 mg/day of isoflavones). Blood was analysed for sex steroids (testosterone, dihydro-testosterone, oestradiol, oestrone, sex hormone binding globulin, albumin and the concentration of non-protein bound sex steroids were calculated), lipid profile (total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides) and measures of oxidative stress (hydroperoxides, susceptibility of LDL to oxidation with copper and myeloperoxidase). RESULTS: The volunteers' mean age was 35.6 (s.d. 11.2) y. Total serum testosterone fell in volunteers taking the soya scones (19.3-18.2 nmol/l; 95% CI 1.01, 1.12; P=0.03). No significant changes were seen in the concentrations of the other serum sex steroids, albumin or sex hormone binding globulin throughout the study. Significant improvements in two of the three markers of oxidative stress were seen in volunteers taking soya scones. Lag time for myeloperoxidase rose from 55.0 to 68.0 min (95% CI -16.0, -3.5; P=0.009) and the presence of hydroperoxides decreased from 2.69 to 2.34 micro mol/l (95% CI 0.12, 0.71; P=0.009). There were no changes seen in serum triglycerides or cholesterol. CONCLUSIONS: We have shown that soya supplements reduce serum testosterone and improve markers of oxidative stress. These findings provide a putative mechanism by which soya supplements could protect against prostatic disease and atherosclerosis. Further dietary studies with clinical end points are warranted. 
BACKGROUND: Chronic alcoholism is associated with increased total serum IgE levels. OBJECTIVE: The study aimed to investigate the relationship between alcohol intake and both total serum IgE levels and allergic sensitization in a general adult population. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 720 subjects was randomly selected (stratified by age) from the population older than 18 years of A-Estrada (Spain) and invited to participate in the study. From 697 eligible subjects, 469 (67%, median age 54 years, range 18 to 92 years, 44% males, 75% of cases from a rural environment) agreed to participate. A battery of 13 skin prick tests to common aeroallergens was performed in all subjects. Cases with at least one positive test (n = 121, 26%) were considered to have allergic sensitization. The most frequent sensitisers were mites and pollens (24% and 10% of subjects, respectively). Total serum IgE was measured in 465 subjects (99%). Alcohol consumption was registered as the number of standard (approximately 10 g) drinking units habitually consumed per week. A total of 244 subjects (52%) were alcohol consumers (median intake, 14 units/week, range 1 to 147 units/week). Abstainers (n = 225, 48%) constituted the reference category. RESULTS: Alcohol consumption of more than 14 units/week was associated with an increase in serum IgE levels after adjusting for age, gender, allergic sensitization and smoking (P = 0.02). Alcohol consumption was not significantly associated with either overall allergic sensitization or mite sensitization after adjusting for age, gender and smoking. However, alcohol consumption of more than 14 units/week was associated with an increased prevalence of pollen sensitization (adjusted OR 3.15, 95% CI 1.19 to 8.34, P = 0.02). CONCLUSION: Alcohol consumption above a certain threshold is associated with an increase in total serum IgE levels. Alcohol consumption may also be associated with an increased prevalence of pollen sensitization. 
Fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEE) can be used as alcohol markers in hair. It was investigated in this study whether this diagnostic method is disturbed by hair care and hair cosmetics. Traces of ethyl myristate, ethyl palmitate, ethyl oleate and ethyl stearate were detected in all of 49 frequently applied hair care products by headspace solid phase microextraction (HS-SPME) and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). The highest concentration was 0.003% in a hair wax. From experiments with separated hair samples of alcoholics as well as from the evaluation of the FAEE concentrations and the data about hair care of 75 volunteers (alcoholics, social drinkers and teetotalers) follows that usual shampooing, permanent wave, dyeing, bleaching or shading are of minor importance as compared to the drinking amount and other individual features. However, false positive results were found after daily treatment with a hair lotion containing 62.5% ethanol, with a deodorant and with a hair spray. As an explanation, it is assumed that FAEE are formed in the sebum glands also after regular topical application of products with a higher ethanol content.
BACKGROUND: Soy foods may have various health benefits, but little is known about the patterns and correlates of soy consumption among postmenopausal women in the United States. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the reliability and validity of a soy food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and examined demographic, lifestyle, and dietary correlates of plasma isoflavone concentrations in postmenopausal women. DESIGN: In this cross-sectional study, soy isoflavone intake and plasma isoflavone concentration were analyzed in 96 postmenopausal women aged 50-79 y; the data were obtained at 2 visits that were 1 wk apart. Intake was determined with a 20-item soy FFQ and a comprehensive FFQ that included questions about tofu and soymilk. Fasting plasma daidzein and genistein concentrations were determined with liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Intraclass correlations between week 1 and week 2 values were >0.98 for both the soy and comprehensive FFQs. Median reported isoflavone intake was <2 mg/d. Pearson's product-moment correlation coefficients relating isoflavone intakes with plasma isoflavone concentrations ranged from 0.35 to 0.43. Plasma isoflavone concentrations were positively associated with age, fiber consumption, servings of fruit and vegetables, and dietary supplement use and were inversely associated with caffeine consumption; no associations with body mass index, education, dietary beliefs, activity level, alcohol intake, or fat intake were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Within a population with low soy consumption, the soy FFQ and comprehensive FFQ showed good reliability and moderate validity. Associations of plasma isoflavone concentrations with other dietary behaviors suggest that these compounds may serve as biomarkers of health behaviors in populations with low soy consumption. 
BACKGROUND: Support for the validity of food frequency questionnaires (FFQ) in preschool children using parental report is limited. METHODS: We obtained dietary information for 68 children age 1-3 years using three or four 24-hour recalls and a FFQ regarding the child's diet covering one year from families in Denver, CO from 1997 to 1999. FFQs were completed by the parents, and recalls were collected via interviews with the parents and alternate caregivers, where applicable. Nutrient biomarkers were measured in the plasma of 38 of the children. All nutrients were adjusted for energy intake using residuals, and log-transformed where necessary. RESULTS: Correlations (Pearson r) between the FFQ and the average of the recalls were 0.33 for protein, 0.41 for carbohydrate, 0.39 for fat, 0.42 for vitamin C, 0.27 for alpha-tocopherol, and 0.08 for total energy intake. We found no substantial changes in these correlations after stratification by whether or not meals and snacks were provided by caregivers other than the parents. The highest correlations (Spearman r) with biological measures were 0.51 between plasma ascorbic acid and FFQ vitamin C, and 0.48 between plasma and FFQ alpha-tocopherol. CONCLUSIONS: The FFQ shows mostly good agreements with multiple 24-hour recalls and biomarkers in preschool children. In addition, the validity of the FFQ using parental report does not appear to be compromised when there are meal providers in addition to the parents. 
Soybeans, which are an excellent source of folate, vitamin B-6 and minerals, may reduce serum homocysteine level. However, there is a possibility that dietary soy raises the serum homocysteine level because isoflavones, which are weak estrogens contained in soybeans, may exert antiestrogenic effects in a high estrogen environment, such as in premenopausal women. The present study examined a cross-sectional relationship between soy product intake and serum homocysteine level in 201 premenopausal Japanese women. Intakes of soy products, folate, methionine and vitamins B-6 and B-12 were estimated by a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. Folate status was also assessed by measuring serum folate. Soy product intake in terms of soy protein as well as soy isoflavone intake was modestly but significantly inversely associated with serum homocysteine level (r = -0.15, P = 0.04) after controlling for covariates. Soy product intake was also significantly positively correlated with serum folate (r = 0.15, P = 0.04). Although it is unclear the extent to which each component of soy, such as folate and isoflavones, is associated with the serum homocysteine concentration, this biochemical complex appears to have a favorable effect on homocysteine metabolism in premenopausal women.
When validated for completeness, 24-h urine nitrogen obtained from repeated 24-h urine collections has provided useful insights into the validity of dietary assessments, underreporting behaviors and the structure of measurement errors that are associated with different methods. This is particularly so when nitrogen is combined with another marker in 24-h urine samples, potassium. Although the collection of 24-h urine is a tedious procedure, the method is readily accessible and comparatively inexpensive. Other markers of dietary intake and intermediate risk markers may also be measured in the 24-h urine that is obtained.
The emerging public health importance of zinc and selenium and the continuing public health challenges of iron and iodine draw attention to the unmet need for improved biomarkers of trace element status. Currently available biomarkers of these four trace elements are critiqued including the outstanding lack of satisfactory biomarkers for the assessment of zinc intake and status. Other trace elements are reviewed briefly including copper, for which human dietary deficiencies and excesses have been documented, and chromium, which is of possible but unconfirmed public health significance. Evolving strategies of considerable potential include molecular techniques such as the measurement of metallothionein mRNA in lymphocytes as a biomarker of zinc status, an assay that can now be performed with a dried blood spot. The judicious application of tracer techniques also has a role in advancing the quality of zinc biomarkers. Also of special current interest is full definition of the potential of plasma-soluble transferrin receptor concentrations as the biomarker of choice for the detection of early functional iron deficiency.
BACKGROUND: Various mechanisms have been proposed to explain the association between plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) and risk of cardiovascular disease, including oxidative activity of homocysteine. OBJECTIVE: To explore the putative role of reactive oxygen species in the association between plasma tHcy and risk of cardiovascular disease in healthy individuals. DESIGN: A double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover intervention to increase folate intake through diet (increased consumption of folate-rich foods) and supplement (400 micro g folic acid) was carried out in 126 healthy men and women. Measurements were made of antioxidant activity in red blood cells and plasma, and products of oxidant damage in plasma. RESULTS: Diet and supplement-based interventions led to an increase in measures of folate status and a reduction in plasma tHcy. This was not associated with any significant change in measures of antioxidant activity (plasma and red blood cell glutathione peroxidase activity and red blood cell superoxide dismutase activity) or oxidant damage (plasma malondialdehyde), although an improvement in plasma total antioxidant capacity just failed to reach significance. CONCLUSIONS: In healthy individuals lowering plasma tHcy does not have any functional implications regarding oxidative damage. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the validity of a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) for assessment of the dietary intakes of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) against a biochemical marker of fat intake, erythrocyte cell membrane phospholipid levels, during pregnancy. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analysis. SETTING: Developmental Neurobiology Department, National Institute of Perinatology, Mexico City. SUBJECTS: One hundred forty-six healthy pregnant women during the last trimester of pregnancy. Among women enrolled, the first 35 pregnant women (24%) had their erythrocytes analysed for fatty acid status. METHODS: We administered an FFQ and compared intakes of PUFAs against their erythrocyte cell membrane concentrations, processed by gas chromatography. RESULTS: Pearson correlation coefficients among alpha-linolenic acid (ALN), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid in erythrocyte cell membranes against their crude dietary counterparts were 0.32, 0.35 and 0.36 (each P < 0.05). In a simple linear regression, erythrocyte DHA and arachidonic acid (AA) were significantly related to their respective dietary intakes (beta = 0.30, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.007-0.60, P=0.045 for DHA; beta = 0.49, 95% CI: 0.010-0.98, P=0.044 for AA). Erythrocyte cell membrane ALN concentration (%/total) was only marginally related to ALN dietary intake (mg day-1) (beta = 0.52, 95% CI: -0.020-1.10, P=0.061). However, after adjustment for long-chain n-3 PUFA/AA, this association reached significance (beta = 0.44, 95% CI: 0.026-0.825, P=0.038). Main dietary sources for n-3 PUFAs were canned tuna fish and fresh catfish; for n-6 these were eggs and cow's milk. The use of this FFQ in these pregnant Mexican women provided estimates of average long-term intakes of PUFAs and correlated reasonably well with their erythrocyte cell membrane phospholipid status. However, we need to consider that, during pregnancy, there is a faster turnover of PUFAs from fat storage that may modify the profile of erythrocyte PUFAs and lower the correlation between dietary intake and erythrocyte PUFAs. 
OBJECTIVE: To provide an account of the state of diet and chronic disease research designs and methods; to discuss the role and potential of aggregate and analytical observational studies and randomised controlled intervention trials; and to propose strategies for strengthening each type of study, with particular emphasis on the use of nutrient biomarkers in cohort study settings. DESIGN: Observations from diet and disease studies conducted over the past 25 years are used to identify the strengths and weaknesses of various study designs that have been used to associate nutrient consumption with chronic disease risk. It is argued that a varied research programme, employing multiple study designs, is needed in response to the widely different biases and constraints that attend aggregate and analytical epidemiological studies and controlled intervention trials. Study design modifications are considered that may be able to enhance the reliability of aggregate and analytical nutritional epidemiological studies. Specifically, the potential of nutrient biomarker measurements that provide an objective assessment of nutrient consumption to enhance analytical study reliability is emphasised. A statistical model for combining nutrient biomarker data with self-report nutrient consumption estimates is described, and related ongoing work on odds ratio parameter estimation is outlined briefly. Finally, a recently completed nutritional biomarker study among 102 postmenopausal women in Seattle is mentioned. The statistical model will be applied to biomarker data on energy expenditure, urinary nitrogen, selected blood fatty acid measurements and various blood micronutrient concentrations, and food frequency self-report data, to identify study subject characteristics, such as body mass, age or socio-economic status, that may be associated with the measurement properties of food frequency nutrient consumption estimates. This information will be crucial for the design of a potential larger nutrient biomarker study within the cohort study component of the Women's Health Initiative. SETTING AND SUBJECTS: The methodology under study is expected to be pertinent to a wide variety of diet and chronic disease association studies in the general population. Ongoing work focuses on statistical methods developed using computer simulations motivated by studies of dietary fat in relation to breast and colon cancer among post-menopausal women, and ongoing pilot studies to be described in detail elsewhere, involving post-menopausal women living in the Seattle area. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: A varied research programme appears to be needed to make progress in the challenging diet and chronic disease research area. Such progress may include aggregate studies of diet and chronic disease that include sample surveys in diverse population groups world-wide, analytical epidemiological studies that use nutrient biomarker data to calibrate self-report nutrient consumption estimates, and randomised controlled intervention trials that arise from an enhanced infrastructure for intervention development. New innovative designs, models and methodologies are needed for each such research setting. 
Two kinds of food frequency questionnaire (FFQ)s were used in the baseline and 5-year follow-up survey of the Japan Public Health Center-based prospective Study on Cancer and Cardiovascular Diseases (JPHC Study Cohort I), a prospective follow-up study with 50,000 population. The former (FFQ00) was a 44-item FFQ without standard portions/units and the latter (FFQ05) was a 138-item FFQ with standard portions/units. To validate these FFQs, a 7-day dietary record (DR) survey with blood and urine collection was conducted in four seasons in the Ninohe (Iwate), Yokote (Akita) and Saku (Nagano) Public Health Center (PHC) areas, and in two seasons in the Ishikawa (Okinawa) PHC area. Another FFQ00 and FFQ05 have also been employed at a one-year interval to measure reproducibility. A total of 102 men and 113 women provided complete 28-day DRs (14 days for Okinawa) and then filled out both FFQs after three or six months. A total of 92 men and 104 women provided blood twice, and 37 men and 65 women provided 24-hour urine twice. The data from these surveys have been used to measure the validity and reproducibility of the estimated food groups and nutrient intake by each FFQ.
We compared fatty acid intake estimated from our 138-item food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) with 28-day weighed dietary records among a subgroup of JPHC Study Cohort I (102 men and 113 women), and with the corresponding two serum phospholipid levels (88 men). Spearman rank correlation coefficients between fatty acid intakes estimated from FFQ and intakes estimated from DR were as follows: saturated fatty acid, r=0.61 and r=0.60; monounsaturated fatty acid, r=0.50 and r=0.44; for energy adjusted value and Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), r=0.62 and r=0.55; docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), r=0.61 and r=0.50; for percentage of total fatty acid intake in men and women, respectively. Spearman rank correlation coefficients between fatty acid intakes estimated from FFQ and the corresponding serum phospholipid levels (% of total fatty acid) were as follows: EPA, r=0.43 and r=0.59; DHA, r=0.35 and r=0.49; for crude value (g/day) and percentage of total fatty acid intake, respectively. In conclusion, relatively high correlations were observed for SFA, MUFA and marine-origin n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, whereas we must take into account the indicator of each fatty acid intake when using the data of fatty acid intake assessed with FFQ for JPHC study.
We compared carotene and vitamin C intake assessed with our 138-item food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) against 28-day weighed dietary records among a subgroup of JPHC Study Cohort I (102 men and 113 women), and the corresponding serum carotenoid levels or plasma vitamin C levels (86 men and 100 women). Correlation coefficients between carotenoids or vitamin C intake estimated from FFQ and intakes estimated from DR were as follows in men and women, respectively: alpha-carotene, r=0.47 and r=0.46; beta-carotene, r=0.40 and r=0.30; lycopene, r=0.18 and r=0.22; vitamin C, r=0.44 and r=0.31. Correlation coefficients between carotenoids or vitamin C intake estimated from FFQ and the corresponding serum carotenoids levels or plasma vitamin C levels were as follows: alpha-carotene, r=0.38 and r=0.30; beta-carotene, r=0.28 and r=0.11; lycopene, r=0.30 and r=0.19; vitamin C, r=-0.07 and r=0.06; in men and women, respectively. These data indicated carotenoid and vitamin C intakes estimated from FFQ were associated with intake from DR, although the association was weak for lycopene. Carotenoid intake estimated from FFQ were associated with corresponding serum carotenoid levels in men, but the correlation was weak in women except for alpha-carotene. Both in men and women, no association was observed for plasma vitamin C levels.
We compared the intake levels of sodium and potassium assessed with a self-administered semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) used in a 5-year follow-up survey of the JPHC study and 28-day dietary record (DR), and the corresponding two 24-hour urinary excretion levels (32 men and 57 women) in 3-areas, i.e., Ninohe, Yokote, and Saku Public Health Center areas. The Spearman rank correlation coefficients between dietary sodium assessed with FFQ and the urinary excretion for crude values were 0.24 and -0.10 in men and women, respectively. After adjusting for energy and creatinine, the sodium correlation coefficients were 0.35 and 0.25 in men and women, respectively. The correlation coefficients for crude potassium values were 0.18 and -0.13 in men and women, respectively. After adjusting for energy and creatinine, the potassium correlation coefficients were 0.48 and 0.18 in men and women, respectively in conclusion, a weak correlation was observed both for sodium and potassium after energy and creatinine adjustment in men, whereas no meaningful correlation was observed in women.
The objective of this study was to evaluate the validity and reproducibility of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) to estimate nutrient and food intake in the subjects of the Japan Public Health Center-based prospective Study on Cancer and Cardiovascular Diseases (JPHC Study Cohort II). The FFQ was originally developed to estimate intake in the JPHC Study Cohort I. A total of 392 subjects were recruited from the entire cohort participants in the 6 areas of Cohort II on a voluntary basis. The subjects completed the FFQ used for the 5-year follow-up survey twice at approximately a 1-year interval. Seven-day dietary records (DR) and blood samples were collected 4 times at 3-month intervals over a year. Daily nutrient and food intakes from FFQ and DR were estimated. The Spearman correlation coefficients for estimated intakes were calculated between FFQ and DR for validity, and between 2 identical FFQs for reproducibility. Correlation coefficients for the validity ranged from 0.09 to 0.82 among various nutrients and food groups. The correlation coefficients for most of the nutrients and food groups were improved to a level comparable to that of Cohort I by energy-adjustment. Correlation coefficients for reproducibility ranged from 0.42 to 0.82, similar to those of Cohort I.
DNA adducts, a reliable indicator of internal dose exposure to genotoxic agents and, possibly, of cancer risk, have been shown to be modulated by diet, particularly by the consumption of fresh fruit and vegetables, and by the intake of antioxidants (Palli et al., 2000, Int. J. Cancer, 87, 444-451). We have therefore investigated the association between DNA adducts in peripheral leukocytes and plasma levels of selected micronutrients, also taking into account the role of metabolic polymorphisms and smoking history, in a large independent random sample of volunteers enrolled in the prospective study EPIC-Italy (approximately 110 subjects from each of the three main geographical study areas, Northern, Central and Southern Italy). DNA adducts and five polymorphic metabolic genotypes were determined in peripheral leukocytes using the (32)P-post-labelling technique and PCR methods. Plasma levels of six carotenoids, retinol and alpha- and gamma-tocopherol were determined in the same blood sample. Among 331 subjects, 78.3% had detectable levels of DNA adducts (mean 7.46 +/- 0.48 per 10(9) nucleotides). Vitamin supplementation was reported by only a few subjects (3.9%). Strong inverse associations emerged between levels of DNA adducts and plasma retinol (P = 0.02), alpha-tocopherol (P = 0.04) and gamma-tocopherol (P = 0.03), but not carotenoids (except a borderline inverse association with beta-carotene, P = 0.08). An inverse significant association with plasma levels of retinol and gamma-tocopherol persisted in the subgroup of non-smokers, whereas a negative association with alpha-tocopherol emerged only in smokers. DNA adduct levels did not show any significant variation according to analyzed genotypes. Stratification by GSTM1 genotype, however, showed a significant negative association between DNA adduct levels and plasma levels of alpha- (P = 0.02) and beta-carotene (P = 0.02) in subjects with the GSTM1 null genotype. Our results confirm that biomarkers of dietary intake of antioxidants significantly modulate DNA adducts and suggest specific inverse associations between DNA adduct levels and antioxidant concentrations among GSTM1 null subjects and smokers.
Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) has been used to prevent osteoporosis in postmenopausal women. However, HRT may increase the incidence of some cancers and has other side effects. There is considerable interest in dietary alternatives that include the consumption of soy and isoflavones derived from soy. The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of dietary soy protein on bone density, formation and resorption in cortical and cancellous bone in aged, ovariectomized rats. Specific emphasis was placed on indices of bone formation. Rats were assigned to the following groups: baseline; sham surgery + casein diet; sham + soy protein diet; ovariectomy (Ovx) + casein diet; Ovx + soy protein diet. The diets were fed for 3 mo. The Ovx Soy group had a greater bone mineral density (BMD) than the Ovx Casein group. There was a trend (P < 0.10) for greater periosteal bone formation rates in the Sham Soy compared with the Sham Casein group. In the Ovx Soy group, indices of endocortical bone formation were greater than those of the Ovx Casein group. There were no significant differences in resorption indices or endochondral growth (bone elongation) rates with soy in either the Sham or Ovx groups. In cancellous bone, the double-labeled surface and bone formation rates were greater in the Ovx Soy group than in the Ovx Casein group. These results show that dietary soy had a beneficial effect on the preservation of BMD associated with estrogen deficiency bone loss in aged rats. These data also show that at the tissue level, soy functions in a manner different from estrogen by increasing or sustaining elevated bone formation rates after ovariectomy.
In human beings, alcohol is metabolized primarily by alcohol dehydrogenase 2 (ADH2) and acetaldehyde dehydrogenase 2 (ALDH2). Whereas polymorphisms of the ALDH2 are common in Asian persons, polymorphisms of the ADH2 seem to be more important in Caucasian individuals. The aim of this study was to assess the relation among ADH2 polymorphism, alcohol consumption, and levels of gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT). The question was examined among 1,663 subjects (736 men and 927 women) participating in a national representative health and nutrition survey (VERA substudy of the German National Nutrition Survey). Alcohol consumption was assessed through responses to a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ), and the ADH2 restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) Mae III and GGT levels were analyzed from frozen serum samples. The relations between the polymorphism and alcohol consumption and between alcohol consumption and GGT levels according to the polymorphism were assessed with the use of descriptive statistics and contingency table analysis. Of the subjects studied, 2.8% were homozygous or heterozygous for the ADH2*2 allele, and high levels of alcohol consumption (>20 g/day) were less common among these subjects (8.5%) than among subjects with the ADH2*1 allele (19.9%). Median levels of GGT increased with increasing levels of alcohol consumption. This increase tended to be stronger among subjects with the ADH2*2 allele than among other subjects, although differences were not statistically significant (P value for interaction=.1) given the small number of subjects with the polymorphism. These results are consistent with the hypothesis that subjects with the ADH2*2 allele, on the one hand, might tend to drink less alcohol but, on the other hand, might be at increased risk of alcohol-related effects on the liver with consumption of larger amounts of alcohol. However, this hypothesis needs to be evaluated among larger population samples.
This study was initiated to examine the accuracy of conventional food composition table-based estimation of intakes of energy, protein, lipid and carbohydrate, in comparison with chemical analysis. For this purpose, 66 women (at the ages of 29 to 54 years) in three locations in Jeju Island, Republic of Korea, volunteered to offer 24-hour food duplicate samples. A half of them were house-wives, and the remaining half were farmers or fishers. The duplicate samples were subjected 1) to the chemical analysis for daily intake of energy, protein, lipid and carbohydrate after official methods in Korea (measured values), and 2) to the estimation of intakes of the same items taking advantage of Korean Food Composition Tables (estimated values). The two sets of the results, i.e., the measured and estimated values, were compared by paired and unpaired t-test, and linear regression analysis. The estimated values correlated closely with the measured values, irrespective of energy or the three major nutrients. A close agreement was observed for energy intake (the estimated/measured ratio of > 98%), and it was also the case for protein intake (101%). Under- and over-estimation was observed, however, in regard to carbohydrate (by - 8%) and lipid intake (by + 24%), respectively. It was concluded that the Korean Food Composition Tables are sufficiently accurate when applied for estimation of total energy intake as well as protein intake. Cares should be taken, however, in applying the tables for estimation of lipid and carbohydrate intake, because there may be the risk of over- and under-estimation for the former and the latter, respectively.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the variability and validity of plasma-based biomarkers of antioxidant vitamin, and fruit and vegetable intake. SETTING: Leeds, Wakefield, Huddersfield and Bradford, England. SUBJECTS: A total of 54 free-living, nonsmoking women recruited from participants of the UK Women's Cohort Study (UKWCS). METHODS: Two fasting blood samples were taken at two time points, 18 months apart. A 4-day food diary was completed prior to the first blood sample and a 24-h recall was conducted at the time of the second blood collection. All blood samples were analysed for ascorbic acid and four carotenoids. Associations between antioxidant vitamin intake from all food sources and supplements, as well as fruit and vegetable intake, and plasma levels of the antioxidant vitamins were assessed. RESULTS: Using the 4-day diary, positive associations were found between micronutrient intake from all food sources and plasma concentrations of ascorbic acid (P<0.01) and beta-carotene (P<0.01). No associations were seen between plasma micronutrient levels and specifically fruit and vegetable intakes. In general, associations between plasma levels and intakes assessed by the 24-h recall were less marked than those based on the 4-day diary. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma ascorbic acid and beta-carotene are good indicators of previous vitamin C and beta-carotene intake, from all food sources. However, caution is required in extrapolating these results to include individual food groups, rich in these vitamins. The results imply that the practice of using plasma biomarkers simply as a proxy measure of dietary intake is not valid and emphasise that plasma biomarkers are not simply a reflection of dietary intake, but also of a number of physiological processes. Biomarkers in nutrition epidemiological studies are however useful to measure nutrient status at the tissue level. 
Circulating levels of insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) have each been associated with premenopausal breast cancer risks. We analyzed data from a cross-sectional study of 261 premenopausal Japanese women aged 20-54 yr with adequate nutritional status to evaluate the relationships between concentrations of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 in serum and dietary intakes of soy, fats and other nutrients. Diet was assessed by a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. There was no significant correlation between soy product as well as soy isoflavone intake and serum IGF-1 or IGFBP-3 levels after controlling for age, total energy, percent body fat, and education level. Total fat intake was significantly inversely correlated with serum IGFBP-3 level (r = -0.13, P = 0.04). The correlations of saturated and monounsaturated fats with serum IGFBP-3 were of borderline significance (r = -0.12, P = 0.06 and r = -0.11, P = 0.07, respectively).
The aim of the present study was to determine the relationship of BMI with other cardiovascular risk factors, leisure-time physical activity and diet. Participants were recruited in a cross-sectional population-based survey in a southern-Europe Mediterranean population (Spain); cardiovascular risk factors were measured, and leisure-time physical activity and diet intake were evaluated. Linear regression analysis adjusted for several confounders showed a significant, direct association of BMI and total cholesterol (P<0.005) and LDL-cholesterol (P<0.006), in men. HDL-cholesterol was inversely related to BMI in both sexes (P<0.0001). Higher BMI was more frequent in less-active men (P<0.04) but not in women. BMI increased significantly (P<0.0001) by 1.92 kg/m(2) with each 4.18 MJ consumed in men but not in women. Dietary intakes of carbohydrate (P<0.03), total fat (P<0.03) and saturated fatty acids (P<0.02) were directly associated with BMI in men but not in women, in whom protein intake was correlated (P<0.001) with BMI. Linear regression models including dietary components explained up to 10.6 and 21.1 % of BMI variability in men and women, respectively. Sex differences in the association of BMI with total cholesterol, and LDL-cholesterol, may account for the lower risk for CHD in women compared with men of similar BMI reported in the literature for the southern-Europe Mediterranean region. An increases of BMI may be more deleterious in populations in which it is accompanied by other risk factors such as a higher intake of total fat and, particularly, of saturated fatty acids, or lower leisure-time physical activity.
PURPOSE: Valid methods for assessing physical activity (PA) patterns are essential for accurate evaluation of intervention programs and population surveillance. Numerous self-report PA instruments have been validated in white adults; however, few studies have reported validity in African-Americans. METHODS: Data are from the Healthy Body/Healthy Spirit Trial, a study to increase fruit and vegetable intake and physical activity among adults in 17 black churches. Participants completed a modified version of the CHAMPS activity recall as well as components of the Yale Physical Activity Survey and the Paffenberger Activity Questionnaire. The modified CHAMPS was scored to yield four indices: moderate to vigorous physical activities (MET value > or = 3.0), vigorous activities (MET value > or = 5.0), "Sports and Recreational Activities," and all activities. Estimated V(O2) maximum was obtained by submaximal treadmill test in 138 participants, 109 females and 29 males. RESULTS: With the exception of moderate to vigorous activities, the modified CHAMPS indices were significantly correlated with estimated maximum VO(2). Highest correlations were observed for the index of vigorous and sports-related activities, 0.19 and 0.32, respectively. Activity measures were generally uncorrelated with blood pressure, body mass index, or total cholesterol. For the CHAMPS indices, correlations with VO(2max) and other physiologic variables were generally higher for males than females as well as those with income < 30,000 US Dollars and for those participants who did not complete college. CONCLUSION: Responses from the modified CHAMPS were moderately correlated with estimated VO(2max), with higher correlations for vigorous activity and recreational sports indices. The instrument may be useful for assessing physical activity among African-Americans. Stronger correlations for individuals with lower income and educational attainment was an unexpected finding that merits further examination. 
Associations between primary brain tumor mortality and dietary habits, certain serum biochemical markers, and life-style factors were evaluated in a county-based correlation study utilizing data collected from an ecological survey in 49 Chinese rural counties. Univariate correlation and multivariate regression analyses showed that high consumption of salt-preserved vegetables was linked to increased primary brain tumor mortality rates, although the association was significant only among men. In addition, high intake of green vegetables among men was associated with decreased rates. No clear association was seen between primary brain tumor mortality rates and tobacco use, body mass index, and serum biochemical markers. Limitations of these ecological data preclude causal inferences, but the findings provide etiologic clues to primary brain tumor mortality in rural China.
Oxidative stress is thought to be a factor in the progression of chronic diseases, and even the aging process itself. We examined the effect of two moderate vitamin, mineral and phytochemical supplements and a dietary intervention on markers of oxidative stress and antioxidant status in older humans. Subjects (n = 60, 65-85 y old) were enrolled in a 5-wk, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. The subjects were randomly assigned to a group with one of four interventions: antioxidant supplement capsule, antioxidant supplement tablet, high carotenoid diet or placebo. Postintervention serum levels of some of the supplemented carotenoids and alpha-tocopherol were higher in all treated groups compared with the placebo group and with preintervention levels within groups. Markers of oxidative stress or antioxidant capacity were not significantly different from preintervention levels, although the diet and supplement capsule groups had lower levels of some of those markers than the placebo group postintervention. The results suggest that both moderate antioxidant supplementation and a diet high in carotenoids elevate serum carotenoids and antioxidant levels in an older adult population, although with different specific effects.
Samples of blood and urine were taken from 334 dairy cows in 29 herds, and the concentrations of sodium and potassium were measured in the serum and urine. The herds were split into five groups according to the amount of supplementary salt they were given: three groups given 10 to 20, 30 to 50 or 70 to 100 g salt per day, and two groups fed an ad libitum supply, given either in bowls or in the form of salt blocks, which were replaced either regularly or irregularly. The groups which received 70 to 100 g of salt daily or were supplied regularly ad libitum had significantly higher urinary sodium concentrations than the other groups. The group receiving 10 to 20 g a day had a significantly higher ratio of potassium:sodium in their urine than all the other groups, in which the ratio decreased as the level of supplementary salt increased. There were wider differences between the groups in terms of the urinary potassium:sodium ratio than in terms of the urinary sodium concentration but less variability within each group.
Mitochondrial DNA 5178 adenine/cytosine (mt5178 A/C) polymorphism is one of the longevity-associated mitochondrial DNA polymorphisms. The frequency of the mt5178A genotype is significantly higher in Japanese centenarians than in the general population. We previously reported that serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were significantly higher in men with mt5178A than in those with mt5178C. However, this significant difference disappeared after adjusting for drinking frequency. To investigate the interaction between mt5178 A/C polymorphism and habitual drinking on serum lipid levels, we performed an association study in 321 healthy middle-aged Japanese men. Interaction between mt5178 A/C polymorphism and daily drinking on serum triglyceride (TG) levels was observed (P=0.019). Moreover, interaction between mt5178 A/C polymorphism and cigarette consumption on serum TG levels was also observed (P=0.022). Multiple regression analysis showed that, in men with mt5178A, daily drinking decreased TG levels (P=0.025), and cigarette consumption increased TG levels (P<0.001), while in men with mt5178C, the effects of daily drinking and cigarette consumption on TG levels were unclear. No interaction was observed on other lipid levels. Longevity-associated mitochondrial DNA 5178 A/C polymorphism thus influences the effects of daily drinking and cigarette consumption on TG levels in middle-aged Japanese men.
BACKGROUND: The Diet Quality Index Revised (DQI-R) is a dietary assessment instrument based on 10 dietary recommendations reflecting dietary guidelines and policy in the United States. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to assess the reproducibility and validity of the DQI-R as measured by use of food-frequency questionnaires (FFQs). DESIGN: Diet was assessed separately by two FFQs at a 1-y interval and by two 1-wk diet records. DQI-R scores were computed from each method. Venous blood specimens were collected for measurement of dietary biomarkers. Participants (n = 127) were men aged 40-75 y in a validation study of the Health Professionals Follow-up Study. RESULTS: Mean DQI-R scores were 69.5 for FFQ-1, 67.2 for FFQ-2, and 62.0 for the diet records out of a possible score of 100. The reproducibility correlation for the 2 FFQ scores was 0.72. Correlations between scores for each of the 2 FFQs and diet records were 0.66 (FFQ-1) and 0.72 (FFQ-2). DQI-R scores from FFQ-2 were directly correlated with plasma biochemical measurements of alpha-carotene (r = 0.43, P < 0.0005), beta-carotene (r = 0.35, P < 0.005), lutein (r = 0.31, P <0.005), and alpha-tocopherol (r = 0.25, P < 0.05) and were inversely correlated with plasma total cholesterol (r = -0.22, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate reasonable reproducibility and validity of the DQI-R as assessed by an FFQ. Future studies are needed to examine whether this index and other instruments of diet quality can reliably predict disease outcomes. 
In this investigation, the authors evaluated the reproducibility and validity of the Shanghai Women's Health Study (SWHS) physical activity questionnaire (PAQ), which was administered in a cohort study of approximately 75,000 Chinese women aged 40-70 years. Reproducibility (2-year test-retest) was evaluated using kappa statistics and intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs). Validity was evaluated by comparing Spearman correlations (r) for the SWHS PAQ with two criterion measures administered over a period of 12 months: four 7-day physical activity logs and up to 28 7-day PAQs. Women were recruited from the SWHS cohort (n = 200). Results indicated that the reproducibility of adolescent and adult exercise participation (kappa = 0.85 and kappa = 0.64, respectively) and years of adolescent exercise and adult exercise energy expenditure (ICC = 0.83 and ICC = 0.70, respectively) was reasonable. Reproducibility values for adult lifestyle activities were lower (ICC = 0.14-0.54). Significant correlations between the PAQ and criterion measures of adult exercise were observed for the first PAQ administration (physical activity log, r = 0.50; 7-day PAQ, r = 0.62) and the second PAQ administration (physical activity log, r = 0.74; 7-day PAQ, r = 0.80). Significant correlations between PAQ lifestyle activities and the 7-day PAQ were also noted (r = 0.33-0.88). These data indicate that the SWHS PAQ is a reproducible and valid measure of exercise behaviors and that it demonstrates utility in stratifying women by levels of important lifestyle activities (e.g., housework, walking, cycling).
To determine the effect of dietary protein intake on lean body wasting in adult canines a study was undertaken to investigate the Ubiquitin Proteasome (UP) pathway and concurrent changes in lean and fat body mass of canines fed variable sources and concentrations of dietary protein. Purpose-bred, intact female canines (56) between the ages of 2 and 3 years were fed either 12 or 28% protein diet for 10 weeks. Each diet contained variable amounts of corn gluten meal and chicken protein sources in ratios of 100 : 0, 67 : 33, 33 : 67 and 0 : 100 per cent (w/w), respectively. All diets were isocaloric with calories coming from protein : fat : carbohydrate at the respective ratios of 12 : 40 : 48% for the 12% diets, and 28 : 40 : 32% for the 28% diets. Standard dual energy X-ray absorptiometry was performed to assess total body lean and fat mass at weeks 0 and 10 of the dietary trial. Muscle biopsies were also taken and processed for protein determination and standard gel electrophoresis with subsequent Western blotting for 20S proteasome and PA700 regulatory cap subunit p31. Statistical analysis revealed a moderate degree of correlation between increasing quantities of corn gluten, which is low in essential amino acids (i.e. lysine, tryptophan), and increasing loss of lean body mass over the 10-week study (R = 0.56). Furthermore, a moderate degree of correlation was observed between increasing concentrations of corn gluten protein and decreased expression of the p31 subunit of the 26S proteasome (R = 0.49). Additionally, the dogs consuming the 12% protein diets had a significant increase in fat mass regardless of the protein source. These findings suggest that lean body wasting in adult canines can be associated with the consumption of low protein diets consisting of predominantly corn gluten, which is likely due to imbalances or subclinical deficiencies of specific essential amino acids, and that low protein diets may augment accumulation of adipose tissue. Although the mechanisms remain unclear, alteration of molecular targets of skeletal muscle proteolysis, specifically involving the UP pathway occur.
OBJECTIVE: To develop a validated Spanish version of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire (PISQ). METHODS: The PISQ is a previously described validated and reliable questionnaire. We used a back-translation method to develop a Spanish-language version. Twenty-six bilingual patients with pelvic organ prolapse and/or urinary incontinence were randomized to complete either the original English version or the final Spanish version of the PISQ first, followed by the other questionnaire. Scores of the two versions were compared. Paired t test for total PISQ and its three domain scores and Wilcoxon signed rank test for each item assessed the bias between the two equivalent versions. Agreement between the two versions was assessed by weighted kappa statistics, with 95% confidence intervals for each item. P values of .05 or less were considered significant, and kappa values of .75 or greater were considered to indicate good agreement. RESULTS: English and Spanish versions demonstrated no differences for each of the factors and total scores (P = .15, .83, .28, and .56, respectively). Wilcoxon signed rank test demonstrated that one item was answered differently in the English and Spanish versions. Good agreement between Spanish and English versions in 30 of the 31 items was demonstrated by weighted kappa statistics. Overall, 72% of women scored both versions of the questionnaire equivalently. CONCLUSIONS: We have developed a validated and reliable Spanish questionnaire to evaluate sexual functioning in Spanish-speaking patients with pelvic organ prolapse and/or urinary incontinence. 
OBJECTIVE: We assessed the association between magnesium intake and fasting insulin levels in a large cohort of women. METHODS: Female nurses free of diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and cancer from the Nurses Health Study provided blood samples between 1989-1990. We selected a sub-sample of 219 women for this analysis. Magnesium intake was assessed by a food frequency questionnaire in 1990 and categorized into quartiles. Cross-sectional geometric means of fasting insulin concentrations by quartiles of magnesium intake were obtained with Generalized Linear Model and adjusted for several risk factors and lifestyle characteristics. RESULTS: After adjustment for age, body mass index (BMI), total energy, physical activity, hours per week spent sitting outside work, alcohol intake, smoking, and family history of diabetes, magnesium intake was inversely associated with fasting insulin concentration. The multivariate adjusted geometric mean for women in the lowest quartile of magnesium intake was 11.0 microU/mL and 9.3 microU/mL among those in the highest quartile of magnesium intake (p for trend = 0.04). The inverse association remained when we considered magnesium from only food sources. CONCLUSION: Higher magnesium intake is associated with lower fasting insulin concentrations among women without diabetes. Because lower fasting insulin concentrations generally reflect greater insulin sensitivity, these findings provide a mechanism through which higher dietary magnesium intake may reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus. 
A total of 1595 middle-aged healthy men consuming alcohol up to 120 ml per day and 538 without alcohol consumption were recruited from an occupational population, and their insulin resistance (IR) and beta-cell function (BC) were measured using the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR and HOMA-BC), and the associations with alcohol consumption, blood pressure (BP), and serum gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) levels were analysed cross-sectionally. Both HOMA-IR and HOMA-BC were decreased with increasing alcohol consumption, but HOMA-BC corresponding to a level of HOMA-IR was 4-10 and 8-20% lower in drinkers consuming less than 60 ml of alcohol per day and those consuming more, respectively, than in nondrinkers, suggesting an altered fasting serum insulin-glucose relationship in alcohol consumers. Although BP was higher and HOMA-IR was lower in alcohol consumers than in nonconsumers, BP was higher at higher HOMA-IR irrespective of alcohol consumption. Elevations of serum GGT were positively associated with BP and HOMA-IR in both alcohol consumers and nonconsumers. Multiple regression analyses in the subjects showed that elevated serum GGT was an independent contributor to HOMA-IR elevations, and both serum GGT and HOMA-IR were significantly related to BP elevations after adjusting for alcohol consumption, age, body mass index, cigarette consumption, and physical activity at leisure. Although cross-sectional observations do not provide evidence of causal association, the results suggest that elevated serum GGT in alcohol consumers relates to elevations of IR and that the elevated insulin resistance relates, at least partly, to BP elevations in alcohol consumers.
The consumption of fruits and vegetables reduces the risk of major chronic degenerative diseases. The active compounds and the mechanisms involved in this protective effect have not been well defined. The objective of this study was to determine the contribution of various food groups to total antioxidant intake, and to assess the correlations of the total antioxidant intake from various food groups with plasma antioxidants. We collected 7-d weighed dietary records in a group of 61 adults with corresponding plasma samples, and used data from a nationwide survey of 2672 Norwegian adults based on an extensive FFQ. The total intake of antioxidants was approximately 17 mmol/d with beta-carotene, alpha-tocopherol, and vitamin C contributing <10%. The intake of coffee contributed approximately 11.1 mmol, followed by fruits (1.8 mmol), tea (1.4 mmol), wine (0.8 mmol), cereals (i.e., all grain containing foods; 0.8 mmol), and vegetables (0.4 mmol). The intake of total antioxidants was significantly correlated with plasma lutein, zeaxanthin, and lycopene. Among individual food groups, coffee, wine, and vegetables were significantly correlated with dietary zeaxanthin, beta-carotene, and alpha-carotene. These data agree with the hypothesis that dietary antioxidants other than the well-known antioxidants contribute to our antioxidant defense. Surprisingly, the single greatest contributor to the total antioxidant intake was coffee.
BACKGROUND: Diet may be involved in the strong dose-response relation of gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) concentration with incident diabetes. OBJECTIVE: We examined dietary correlates of serum GGT activity. DESIGN: Study subjects were 3146 black and white men and women aged 17-35 y in 1985-1986. A diet history was taken at years 0 and 7. Food items were classified into alcohol; breaded, battered, or canned vegetables; fruit; fruit juice; refined grain; whole grain; dairy; legumes; meat; poultry; fish; fresh or frozen vegetables; nuts; and coffee. RESULTS: After adjustment for nondietary factors and other food groups, GGT was positively associated with alcohol consumption and meat intake. Geometric means of year 10 GGT across categories of alcohol consumption (0, 1-9, 10-19, 20-29, and > or = 30 g/d) were 17.7, 18.8, 20.4, 21.8, and 24.8 U/L (P for trend < 0.01); corresponding means across quintiles of meat intake were 19.2, 20.2, 20.5, 21.8, and 21.2 times/wk (P for trend < 0.01). GGT was inversely associated with fruit intake. Among possible meat constituents, dietary heme iron, but not saturated fat, was associated with GGT. Dietary constituents typical of plant foods showed an inverse association. In contrast, vitamin supplements were positively associated with GGT. CONCLUSIONS: Serum GGT activity increased in a dose-response manner as alcohol and meat consumption increased and fruit consumption decreased. Heme iron contained in meats and micronutrients contained in fruits may influence GGT metabolism. However, micronutrients taken as supplements had a positive association with GGT. 
BACKGROUND: The results of epidemiologic studies indicate that higher intakes or blood concentrations of folate are associated with a lower risk of colorectal neoplasia; however, only one study assessed the role of homocysteine. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the relation between biochemical and dietary markers of folate status and colorectal adenoma recurrence. DESIGN: Analyses were conducted in 1014 men and women aged 40-80 y who had undergone removal of all colorectal polyps. Diet and supplement use were ascertained through a food-frequency questionnaire administered at study entry. Blood collected at baseline was used to measure plasma folate and homocysteine concentrations. Unconditional logistic regression was used to assess the odds of recurrence associated with the intakes of folate, methionine, and vitamins B-6 and B-12 and with plasma folate and homocysteine. RESULTS: Relative to subjects in the highest quartile of plasma homocysteine, those in the lowest quartile had an odds ratio (OR) of adenoma recurrence of 0.69 (95% CI: 0.47, 1.02; P for trend = 0.02) after adjustment for confounding factors. Lower odds of recurrence were shown for higher plasma folate (OR: 0.66; 95% CI: 0.46, 0.97) and higher total intakes (dietary plus supplemental) of folate (OR: 0.61; 0.42, 0.89) and vitamin B-6 (OR: 0.65; 0.45, 0.94). Slightly weaker and nonsignificant associations were shown for dietary folate, methionine, and total vitamin B-12. CONCLUSIONS: A lower recurrence of colorectal adenomas was shown in subjects with higher intakes and plasma concentrations of folate. Additional markers involved in folate metabolism, including lower homocysteine and higher vitamin B-6 intake, were also associated with lower odds of recurrence. 
The reproducibility, relative validity, and responsiveness to change of an eight-item food frequency questionnaire designed to measure fruit and vegetable consumption was assessed among 157 women (mean age = 41 years) in the Netherlands from spring 2001 to spring 2002. Plasma concentrations of vitamin C and total and specific carotenoids served as biomarkers against which validity was assessed. The questionnaire was completed and biomarker concentrations were determined three times: immediately preceding and following a controlled intervention of 1 month aimed at increasing fruit and vegetable consumption and 1 year after the start of the intervention. The 1-month and 1-year reproducibility of total fruit and vegetable consumption assessed in the control group was 0.80 and 0.79 (Spearman's r ). Correlations between consumption and plasma carotenoids and vitamin C at baseline were 0.39 and 0.37, respectively, for fruits and 0.24 and 0.26, respectively, for vegetables. Correlations between changes in consumption and plasma carotenoids and vitamin C were 0.32 and 0.33, respectively, for fruits and 0.28 and 0.30, respectively, for vegetables. On the basis of similar correlations reported in the literature, the authors conclude that the questionnaire appears to be suitable for ranking individuals according to their consumption of fruits and vegetables and according to changes in their consumption. However, the validity of the questionnaire remains to be established in males, other age groups, and populations of lower educational levels.
This review outlines the major mechanisms for control of blood pressure (BP) in individuals with renal failure on haemodialysis. Dietary salt stimulates thirst and, thereby, greater fluid intake with excessive fluid gain between dialysis sessions and chronic expansion of extracellular volume. At the same time, this volume expansion often fails to suppress the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) appropriately and this inevitably leads to high BP in the majority of individuals on haemodialysis. A greater understanding of the mechanisms involved leads to more rational treatment and better BP control. This can be achieved by careful measurement of BP before and after dialysis, allowing time for the equilibration of extracellular fluid shifts that occur after dialysis, combined with measurements of plasma renin activity. It is relatively easy to then decide how the high BP should be treated: either by removal of excess volume by gradual ultrafiltration combined with restriction of salt intake to help prevent thirst and excessive fluid gain between dialyses, or by inhibition of the RAS, or by a combination of both. In those individuals who are unable to adequately reduce their dietary salt intake and still continue to gain large amounts of weight between dialysis, and are resistant to reducing their pre-dialysis weight, calcium antagonists may help to lower BP, either alone or in combination with RAS blockade. However, the BP often remains resistant to treatment unless they can be persuaded to reduce their salt intake.
OBJECTIVE: Classical phenylketonuria (PKU) is an inborn error of metabolism characterized by high Phenylalanine (Phe) levels in blood and treated with a special low Phe diet which can be defined as "nonatherogenic". Since coronary heart disease (CHD) was reported to be a disease of zinc and copper imbalance, we aimed indirectly to evaluate the effect of the special diet on the size of LDL particles and to investigate whether some minerals and trace elements are involved in their lipoprotein metabolism. METHODS: Eighty-six (N=86) PKU patients were divided into two groups. Group A (N=44) on a strict diet and group B (N=42) who did not adhere to their treatment. Healthy children (N=98) were the controls. Serum total cholesterol (t-Chol), triacylglycerol, High-density lipoprotein (HDL) and t-Chol in very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) were measured with enzymatic methods, whereas Apolipoprotein AI (Apo AI), Apolipoprotein AII (Apo AII) and Apolipoprotein B (Apo B) were determined by nephelometric techniques. LDL/Apo B positively correlated with LDL size. Magnesium (Mg), calcium (Ca), copper (Cu) and zinc (Zn) measurements were performed by atomic absorption spectrometry. RESULTS: t-Chol, LDL, VLDL, Apo B, the ratio t-Chol/HDL, Apo AI/Apo B and LDL/Apo B as well as copper levels and the ratio Zn/Cu in group A statistically significantly differed as compared to those of group B and Controls. Positive correlations were found between Mg and HDL and Apo AI in all the groups whereas the mineral correlated with t-Chol, Apo B and the ratio LDL/Apo B only in the group A of patients. Copper negatively correlated with triacylglycerol, LDL, and Apo B and positively with t-Chol in group A. Zinc showed negative relationships in HDL and Apo A in all the studied groups. The ratio Zn/Cu negatively correlated with triacylglycerol and LDL in all the groups and positively with the ratios Apo AI/Apo B and LDL/Apo B in group A. CONCLUSION: Some of the minerals and trace elements were correlated with the lipids and lipoproteins and were also involved in the size of LDL particles in PKU patients on strict diet. Larger and less atherogenic LDL particles were associated with a high Zn/Cu ratio. 
BACKGROUND: No intervention studies have explored the anti-inflammatory effects of different alcoholic beverages on markers of atherosclerosis. We embarked on a randomized, crossover, single-blinded trial to evaluate the effects of wine and gin on inflammatory biomarkers of atherosclerosis. METHODS AND RESULTS: Forty healthy men (mean age, 37.6 years) consumed 30 g ethanol per day as either wine or gin for 28 days. Before and after each intervention, we measured the expression of lymphocyte function-associated antigen 1 (LFA-1), Mac-1, very late activation antigen 4 (VLA-4), and monocyte chemoattractant protein (MCP-1) in monocytes, as well as the soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), interleukin-1alpha (IL-1alpha), C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and fibrinogen. After either gin or wine consumption, plasma fibrinogen decreased by 5 and 9%, respectively, and cytokine IL-1alpha by 23 and 21%. The expression of LFA-1 (-27%), Mac-1 (-27%), VLA-4 (-32%) and MCP-1 (-46%) decreased significantly after wine, but not after gin. Wine reduced the serum concentrations of hs-CRP (-21%), VCAM-1 (-17%) and ICAM-1 (-9%). CONCLUSIONS: Both wine and gin showed anti-inflammatory effects by reducing plasma fibrinogen and IL-1alpha levels. However, wine had the additional effect of decreasing hs-CRP, as well as monocyte and endothelial adhesion molecules. 
We investigated whether a simple blood test of plasma N-brain natriuretic peptide (N-BNP), compared with echocardiographic left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF), both measured at rest, correlated well with aerobic exercise capacity (peak oxygen consumption [VO(2)]) in patients with chronic heart failure. Plasma N-BNP was found to significantly correlate with peak VO(2) (p <0.001) and exercise duration (p = 0.001), whereas LVEF showed very poor correlations with peak VO(2) and exercise duration (both p >0.3). The results suggest that N-BNP actually reflects functional cardiac impairment better than LVEF.
We evaluated the hypothesis that intake of (n-3) fatty acids is inversely associated with biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial activation. We conducted a cross-sectional study of 727 women from the Nurses' Health Study I cohort, aged 43-69 y, apparently healthy at time of a blood draw in 1990. Dietary intake was assessed by a validated FFQ in 1986 and 1990. C-reactive protein (CRP) levels were 29% lower among those in the highest quintile of total (n-3) fatty acids, compared with the lowest quintile; interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels were 23% lower, E-selectin levels 10% lower, soluble intracellular adhesion molecule (sICAM-1) levels 7% lower, and soluble vascular adhesion molecule (sVCAM-1) levels 8% lower. The intake of alpha-linolenic acid was inversely related to plasma concentrations of CRP (beta = -0.55, P = 0.02), Il-6 (beta = -0.36, P = 0.01), and E-selectin (beta = -0.24, P = 0.008) after controlling for age, BMI, physical activity, smoking status, alcohol consumption, and intake of linoleic acid (n-6) and saturated fat. Long-chain (n-3) fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic) were inversely related to sICAM-1 (beta = -0.11, P = 0.03) and sVCAM-1 (beta = -0.17, P = 0.003). Total (n-3) fatty acids had an inverse relation with CRP (beta = -0.44, P = 0.007), IL-6 (beta = -0.26, P = 0.009), E-selectin (beta = -0.17, P = 0.004), sICAM-1 (beta = -0.07, P = 0.02), and sVCAM-1 (beta = -0.10, P = 0.004). These associations were not modified by intake of vitamin E, dietary fiber, trans fatty acids, or by the use of postmenopausal hormone therapy. In conclusion, this study suggests that dietary (n-3) fatty acids are associated with levels of these biomarkers reflecting lower levels of inflammation and endothelial activation, which might explain in part the effect of these fatty acids in preventing cardiovascular disease.
Relationships between vitamin E status (alpha and gamma-tocopherol and their ratio in plasma), anthropometric and biochemical indices, and food and nutrient intakes, were studied in four British National Diet and Nutrition Surveys: children aged 1.5-4.5 years, young people aged 4.0-18.0 years, adults 19.0-64.0 years and adults aged > or = 65.0 years. gamma-Tocopherol:alpha-tocopherol ratio declined with age. In older women gamma-tocopherol and gamma-tocopherol:alpha-tocopherol ratios were directly related to indices of obesity. In young men alpha- and gamma-tocopherols were directly correlated with obesity, but gamma-tocopherol:alpha-tocopherol ratio was not. For young people and toddlers, fewer obesity indices were available and relationships were weaker. Other fat- and water-soluble vitamin indices correlated directly with alpha-tocopherol and inversely with gamma-tocopherol and gamma-tocopherol:alpha-tocopherol ratio. Whereas alpha-tocopherol correlated directly with 'healthy' nutrient choices (such as intrinsic sugars, dietary fibre, vitamins and potassium) and inversely with 'unhealthy' choices (extrinsic sugars and monounsaturated fats, i.e. avoidance of polyunsaturated fat), gamma-tocopherol and the gamma-tocopherol:alpha-tocopherol ratio related inversely with 'healthy' choices. Food groups had analogous relationships; thus, alpha-tocopherol related directly to use of polyunsaturated fats, fresh fruits and fruit juices, and inversely to non-polyunsaturated fats and extrinsic sugar. The reverse was true for gamma-tocopherol and gamma-tocopherol:alpha-tocopherol ratio. Although the mechanisms underlying these relationships are obscure, the gamma-tocopherol:alpha-tocopherol ratio may reveal poor dietary choices, status predictors and a propensity for obesity in later life, especially in women.
We have undertaken a randomized trial to confirm the ability of a class of phenolics, flavonoids, to increase urinary anti-mutagenicity in smokers. Ninety heavy smokers were recruited and randomly assigned to three groups, who were given three different diets. One diet was rich in flavonoids, but not based on supplementation ('flavonoid'), one was a normal iso-caloric diet with an adequate administration of fruit and vegetables ('normal'), and one was based on supplementation of flavonoids in the form of green tea and soy products ('supplement'). The urinary anti-mutagenicity-as inhibiting effect of the urinary extracts on the mutations induced by MeIQx-was measured in Salmonella typhimurium YG1024 in the presence of liver S9 from male Sprague-Dawley rats treated with Aroclor 1254. The amount of total phenolics in the urinary extracts was measured by use of spectrometric analysis. We found that important dietary modifications can be achieved through special recipes and instructions given by a cook during an intensive course. The intervention was focused on increasing the flavonoid intake, and it was successful in that respect. In fact, differences in flavonoid intake were appreciated mainly between the first group (normal diet) and the other two (flavonoid-rich and supplemented diet), suggesting that dietary modification can be as effective as supplementation. However, both urinary anti-mutagenicity and the amounts of urinary phenolics did not change as a consequence of the trial. These results suggest that only a small fraction of urinary phenolics is influenced by dietary changes in the intake of flavonoids, and that most urinary anti-mutagens and phenolics are metabolites of dietary flavonoids, whose formation is more affected by the activity and diversity of bacterial flora in the colon than by the quantity and type of intake. A strong correlation was found between urinary phenolics and anti-mutagenicity in all the groups involved in the trial. Such correlation was not explained by dietary variables.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate calcium supplements in postmenopausal women. Calcium supplements in postmenopausal women with a low calcium intake have been shown to prevent osteoporotic vertebral fracture, but calcium is variably absorbed and often poorly tolerated, which may limit effectiveness. METHODS: The study compared the efficacy and tolerability of 500 mg/day of calcium in the form of ossein-hydroxyapatite (OHC) versus 500 mg/day of tricalcium phosphate (TCP) and placebo in the prevention of postmenopausal bone loss. This was a prospective randomized study enrolling 153 postmenopausal osteopenic women. Serum and urine markers of bone turnover were collected at 3 and 6 months. Bone density measurement was performed at baseline and 6 months in all participants, and at 12 months in women taking OHC. RESULTS: At 3 and 6 months, both TCP and OHC decreased serum markers of bone formation significantly, compared with placebo. At 6 months, TCP and OHC decreased osteocalcin by 9.9% and 12.3%, respectively; the aminoterminal propeptide of type I procollagen (PINP) was decreased by 5.3% and 6.3%, respectively; bone-specific alkaline phosphatase was decreased by 4.3% and 6.7%, respectively, compared with baseline. The effects on bone resorption markers or on bone mineral density did not reach statistical significance, although OHC increased bone density by 0.8% at the spine at 12 months. Both forms of calcium were well tolerated and did not differ from placebo in terms of side-effects. CONCLUSIONS: While both OHC and TCP were well tolerated and significantly reduced bone turnover markers, the effect of ossein-hydroxyapatite seems slightly superior to that of tricalcium phosphate. 
In recent years, it has become apparent that low-grade vascular inflammation plays a key role in all stages of the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. Weight loss has been shown to improve blood inflammatory markers; however, it is unknown if weight-loss diets varying in macronutrient composition differentially affect inflammatory responses. The primary purpose of the present study was to compare a very-low-carbohydrate diet and a low-fat weight-loss diet on inflammatory biomarkers in overweight men. In a randomized cross-over design, 15 overweight men (body fat, >25%; body mass index, 34 kg/m2) consumed two experimental weight-loss diets for two consecutive 6-week periods: a very-low-carbohydrate diet (<10% energy via carbohydrate) and a low-fat diet (<30% energy via fat). Both the low-fat and the very-low-carbohydrate diets resulted in significant decreases in absolute concentrations of hsTNF-alpha (high-sensitivity tumour necrosis factor-alpha), hsIL-6 (high-sensitivity interleukin-6), hsCRP (high-sensitivity C-reactive protein) and sICAM-1 (soluble intercellular cell-adhesion molecule-1). There was no significant change in absolute sP-selectin (soluble P-selectin) concentrations after either diet. Normalized inflammatory values represented as the delta change per 1 kg reduction in body mass showed a significant difference between the two diets only for sP-selectin (P<0.05). In summary, energy-restricted low-fat and very-low-carbohydrate diets both significantly decreased several biomarkers of inflammation. These data suggest that, in the short-term, weight loss is primarily the driving force underlying the reductions in most of the inflammatory biomarkers.
BACKGROUND: Elevated serum amyloid A (SAA) levels are associated with increased cardiovascular risk. SAA levels can be increased by dietary fat and cholesterol. Moreover, SAA can cause lipoproteins to bind extracellular vascular proteoglycans, a process that is critical in atherogenesis. Therefore, we hypothesized that diet-induced increases in SAA would increase atherosclerosis independent of their effect on plasma cholesterol levels. METHODS AND RESULTS: Female LDL-receptor-null (LDLR-/-) mice were fed high-saturated fat diets (21%, wt/wt), with or without added cholesterol (0.15%, wt/wt), for 10 weeks. Compared with chow-fed controls, the high-fat diets increased plasma SAA levels. Addition of cholesterol further increased SAA levels 2-fold (P<0.05) without further increasing plasma cholesterol levels. Addition of dietary cholesterol also increased atherosclerosis (P<0.05). Four lines of evidence suggest that SAA actually might cause atherosclerosis: (1) SAA levels when mice were euthanized correlated with the extent of atherosclerosis (r=0.49; P<0.02); (2) SAA levels after 5 weeks of diet correlated with the extent of atherosclerosis at 10 weeks (r=0.66; P<0.01); (3) binding of HDL from these animals to proteoglycans in vitro was related to the HDL-SAA content (r=0.65; P<0.01); and (4) immunoreactive SAA was present in lesion areas enriched with both proteoglycans and apolipoprotein A-I, the major HDL apolipoprotein. CONCLUSIONS: Addition of cholesterol to a high-fat diet increased plasma SAA levels and atherosclerosis independent of an adverse effect on plasma lipoproteins, consistent with the hypothesis that SAA may promote atherosclerosis directly by mediating retention of SAA-enriched HDL to vascular proteoglycans. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine ethnic differences in diet and dietary associations with clinical markers of prostate disease in New Zealand men. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 1031 males (616 New Zealand European, 230 Maori and 185 Pacific Islands) aged 40-69 years, with no history of prostate cancer, completed a questionnaire covering diet. A serum prostate specific antigen (PSA) blood analysis was also undertaken. Regression models were developed to examine the ethnic-specific levels of selected dietary components, and their relationship with PSA and urinary symptom scores. RESULTS: The results confirmed previously found ethnic differences in the New Zealand diet. Combined tomato intake was positively-correlated with free PSA and % free PSA (p=0.021, r=0.197 and p=0.011, r=0.096 respectively). Beer intake was negatively-correlated with total PSA (p=0.028, r=-0.071) and free PSA (p=0.004, r=-0.094). CONCLUSION: Ethnic differences found in the consumption of foods (associated with prostate cancer) highlight the possible importance of dietary interactions for ethnic prostate cancer risk. Associations between specific foods and PSA warrant further investigation. 
Data from a study of mother-infant pairs of low socioeconomic status living in Albany County, NY, were analyzed to determine the influence of diet and nutrition on the blood lead level of infants during the first year of life. Children's diets were assessed at 3-month intervals using a 24-h diet recall as reported by the primary caregiver. The potential impact of dietary consumption of protein, iron, zinc, calcium, vitamin D, and fat, as well as serum vitamin D and ferritin on blood lead levels at 6 and 12 months of age was examined with multivariable statistical analyses, controlling for other influences on lead levels. Neonates' blood lead levels were low at birth (geometric mean=1.6 microg/dL), and none were elevated (> or = 10 microg/dL). By 12 months, the mean blood lead for this sample was 5.1 microg/dL, and 18% of the sample had an elevated blood lead level. We observed significant inverse relationships between infants' 6-month lead level and their intake of zinc, iron, and calcium. At 12 months, low iron intake continued to be associated with higher lead levels, although zinc and calcium did not. Protein had a paradoxical effect, being associated with lower lead at 6 months, but higher lead at 12 months. Serum vitamin D and ferritin were not associated with lead levels, nor was vitamin supplement use. The results reported here emphasize the value of key minerals in the diet to reduce lead absorption during early infancy.
BACKGROUND: The effect of coffee consumption on the cardiovascular system is conflicting. Inflammation is important to the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD), and several dietary factors are thought to exert significant effects on inflammation and thus on the risk of CVD. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to investigate the associations between coffee consumption and inflammatory markers. DESIGN: The cross-sectional survey enrolled 1514 men (x +/- SD age: 46 +/- 13 y; range: 18-87 y) and 1528 women (aged 45 +/- 13 y; range: 18-89 y). Five percent of men and 3% of women were excluded for history of CVD. Fasting blood samples were collected. Dietary habits (including consumption of various types of coffee) were evaluated by using a validated food-frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: Compared with coffee nondrinkers, men who consumed >200 mL coffee/d had 50% higher interleukin 6 (IL-6), 30% higher C-reactive protein (CRP), 12% higher serum amyloid-A (SAA), and 28% higher tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) concentrations and 3% higher white blood cell (WBC) counts (all: P < 0.05). Women who consumed >200 mL coffee/d had 54% higher IL-6, 38% higher CRP, 28% higher SAA, and 28% higher TNF-alpha concentrations and 4% higher WBC counts (all: P < 0.05) than did coffee nondrinkers. The findings were significant even after control for the interactions between coffee consumption and age, sex, smoking, body mass index, physical activity status, and other covariates. CONCLUSIONS: A relation exists between moderate-to-high coffee consumption and increased inflammation process. This relation could explain, in part, the effect of increased coffee intake on the cardiovascular system. 
BACKGROUND: Endothelial dysfunction is one of the mechanisms linking diet and the risk of cardiovascular disease. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the hypothesis that dietary patterns (summary measures of food consumption) are directly associated with markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction, particularly C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin 6, E-selectin, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (sICAM-1), and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (sVCAM-1). DESIGN: We conducted a cross-sectional study of 732 women from the Nurses' Health Study I cohort who were 43-69 y of age and free of cardiovascular disease, cancer, and diabetes mellitus at the time of blood drawing in 1990. Dietary intake was documented by using a validated food-frequency questionnaire in 1986 and 1990. Dietary patterns were generated by using factor analysis. RESULTS: A prudent pattern was characterized by higher intakes of fruit, vegetables, legumes, fish, poultry, and whole grains, and a Western pattern was characterized by higher intakes of red and processed meats, sweets, desserts, French fries, and refined grains. The prudent pattern was inversely associated with plasma concentrations of CRP (P = 0.02) and E-selectin (P = 0.001) after adjustment for age, body mass index (BMI), physical activity, smoking status, and alcohol consumption. The Western pattern showed a positive relation with CRP (P < 0.001), interleukin 6 (P = 0.006), E-selectin (P < 0.001), sICAM-1 (P < 0.001), and sVCAM-1 (P = 0.008) after adjustment for all confounders except BMI; with further adjustment for BMI, the coefficients remained significant for CRP (P = 0.02), E-selectin (P < 0.001), sICAM-1 (P = 0.002), and sVCAM-1 (P = 0.02). CONCLUSION: Because endothelial dysfunction is an early step in the development of atherosclerosis, this study suggests a mechanism for the role of dietary patterns in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease. 
OBJECTIVE: This study investigated the effects of soymilk on lipid metabolism in Sprague-Dawley rats fed a cholesterol-enriched (0.3%) diet. METHODS: Thirty male Sprague-Dawley rats weighing 230.0 +/- 9.8 g were randomly assigned to one of three groups: control, S1 (containing 15% soymilk powder in the diet), and S2 (22.5%). After 8 wk, lipid profiles of the plasma, liver, and feces were determined. RESULTS: Body weight gain, daily food intake, and feeding efficiency showed no differences across groups (P > 0.05). The experimental groups had significantly lower plasma levels of cholesterol, triacylglycerol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol than the control group (P < 0.05) at weeks 4 and 8. However, total fecal excretion of neutral steroid did not significantly differ across groups (P > 0.05). CONCLUSION: Soymilk affects the metabolism of plasma cholesterol in Sprague-Dawley rats. 
Studies of the association between prenatal methylmercury exposure from maternal fish consumption and neurodevelopmental test scores in the Seychelles Child Development Study have not found adverse effects through age 9 years. The analysis for the most recent 9-year data (Lancet 361 (2003) 1686) employed conventional linear regression models. In this study we reanalyzed the same Seychelles 9-year data using semiparametric additive models with different degrees of smoothing to explore whether nonlinear effects of prenatal exposure were present. Of 21 endpoints in the linear analysis, we chose only those with a two-tailed P value less than 0.2 for the effect of prenatal exposure. Six endpoints met the criterion. A nonlinear effect was identified with the more smooth model for only one endpoint. The test for an overall effect of prenatal exposure was also significant, with a P value of 0.04, while the corresponding P value in the linear regression analysis was 0.08. The nonlinear curve appeared to be nearly flat when the level was below approximately 12 ppm in maternal hair, with a linear trend above that level, suggesting a possible adverse effect in the uppermost range of prenatal exposure included in this cohort. Because of the descriptive nature of semiparametric additive models, the P values are not precise, and certainly there are fewer data above 12 ppm. We conclude that this reanalysis supports the primary linear analysis, showing little evidence for a prenatal adverse effect.
Ethyl sulfate (EtS)--a new direct marker for ethanol intake besides ethyl glucuronide (EtG) and others--was detected in urine samples by electrospray ionization tandem mass-spectrometry (LC-ESI-MS/MS). Ethyl sulfate sodium salt was used for method development, yielding a precursor [M - H]- m/z 125 and product ions m/z 97 [HSO4]- and m/z 80 [SO3]-. Pentadeuterated EtS (D5-EtS) was synthesized by esterification of sulfuric acid with anhydrous hexadeutero ethanol ([M - H]- m/z 130, product ions m/z 98 [DSO4]- and m/z 80 [SO3]-). After addition of D5-EtS and D5-EtG, urine samples were analyzed by direct injection into the gradient LC-MS/MS system. Analysis was performed in accordance with forensic guidelines for confirmatory analysis using one precursor and two product ions. EtS has been detected (in addition to EtG) in the urine samples of nine volunteers after drinking sparkling wine containing between 9 and 49 g of ethanol. Both EtS and EtG could be detected up to 36 h after consumption of alcohol. The excretion profile was found to be similar to that of EtG. No EtS was found in teetotalers' urine samples. Method validation parameters are presented. EtS was stable in urine upon storage up to twenty days at room temperature. In addition to EtG, EtS can be used to detect recent alcohol consumption, thus providing a second marker for the time range of up to approximately one day after elimination of ethanol from urine samples. The determination of EtS can be used in addition to EtG as proof of ethanol consumption in workplace monitoring programs.
Rats normally eat about 85% of their food at night. Lactation increases food intake 3- to 4-fold, but the diurnal pattern of food intake persists. The mechanisms responsible for the diurnal and lactation-induced changes in food intake are still unresolved, hence we have further investigated the possible roles of serum leptin and hypothalamic expression of neuropeptide Y (NPY), agouti-related peptide (AgRP) and pro-opiomelanocortin (POMC) in rats. Suppressor of cytokine signalling-3 (SOCS-3) acts as a feedback inhibitor of leptin signalling in the hypothalamus, hence changes in expression of SOCS-3 were also investigated. Changes in expression of NPY, AgRP or POMC alone could not account for the diurnal changes in intake and their alteration by lactation. However, there were increased AgRP mRNA:POMC mRNA ratios at night and also during lactation, which were very similar to estimated changes in food intake. Such changes in expression may result in dominance of the orexigenic AgRP peptide over the appetite-suppressing POMC-derived peptides, and so could contribute to the hyperphagia in these states. Diurnal and lactation-related changes in the AgRP mRNA:POMC mRNA ratio and food intake are not due to changes in leptin alone. However, hypoleptinaemia, possibly through increased expression of NPY, may contribute to the hyperphagia of lactation. In the dark, expression of SOCS-3 was decreased in non-lactating rats; lactation decreased SOCS-3 expression in both light and dark phases. However, such changes are likely to enhance the ability of leptin-responsive neurones to transmit the leptin signal, and so are unlikely to contribute to either the nocturnal increase in appetite or the hyperphagia of lactation.
Increased C-reactive protein (CRP) levels have been associated with several of the components of the metabolic syndrome, but the direct influence of diet and lifestyle factors on CRP levels remains largely unknown. The purpose of the present study was to investigate the association between CRP and diet and lifestyle factors. Plasma CRP levels were determined by a highly sensitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) in 760 participants in the beta-Blocker Cholesterol-Lowering Asymptomatic Plaque Study (BCAPS). In accordance with previous findings, increased levels of CRP were associated with high body mass index (BMI) (P = .012), triglycerides (P = .001), systolic blood pressure (P = .019), cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio (P = .009), and low HDL cholesterol (P = .001). CRP was also increased in smokers (P = .023) and in subjects with a low vitamin C intake (P = .018). When men and women were analyzed together, there were no significant associations between CRP and dietary intake of total calories, total fat, saturated fat, monounsaturated fat, polyunsaturated fat, n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, fiber, vitamin E, carotene, or selen, or in physical activity. However, in the female subgroup weak inverse relations were observed between CRP and the intake of total fat (r = -0.13, P = .011), saturated fat (r = -0.13, P = .011), monounsaturated fat (r = -0.13, P = .010), polyunsaturated fat (r = -0.14, P = .007), and n-3 PUFA (r = -0.14, P = .004). Stratified factor analyses in smoking subgroups, obese, and in under-reporters of energy, largely confirmed the results although in male never-smokers a combination of high fiber vitamin C/beta carotene intake was associated with low CRP levels. These observations suggest that CRP levels are only marginally associated with individual dietary and lifestyle factors. Surprisingly, a higher intake of fat tended to be associated with lower CRP values among women.
Bacterial transfusion-transmission remains a significant problem in transfusion medicine. Diversion and improved donor arm disinfection has been introduced by blood services to reduce bacterial transmissions. These interventions are not 100% effective and, therefore, there is still a requirement to screen blood donations, particularly platelet concentrates which are responsible for the majority of transmissions. Pall BDS, a novel bacterial testing system, detects the presence of bacteria in platelet concentrates by measuring the reduction in oxygen content associated with bacterial growth. Buffy coat-derived pooled platelet concentrates were spiked with 12 aerobic and two anaerobic organisms (one species per bag, n = 10) at 100-700 cfu mL(-1). Samples were taken into Pall BDS sample pouches and incubated for 0, 24, 30 and 48 h. An initial incubation was undertaken at 35 degrees C for 24 h and subsequent incubation was at 22 degrees C. At the end of the incubation period the oxygen content in the Pall BDS pouches was measured using a gas analyser. An oxygen content less than or equal to 19.5% was deemed to be positive. Pall BDS pouches tested positive in 80, 94 and 98% units spiked with aerobic bacteria at 24, 30 and 48 h, respectively. Anaerobic bacteria were not detected by the system. Positive BDS pouches contained 10(6) cfu mL(-1) or greater. The system was simple and easy to perform. Pall BDS has a closed sampling system which prevents exogenous contamination. This initial study indicates that the Pall BDS offers a practicable system for detecting bacteria present in leucodepleted platelet concentrates.
AIM: Anti-inflammatory effects of moderate alcohol consumption have been proposed to explain why moderate alcohol intake lowers coronary heart disease risk. We investigated the relationship between overall alcohol, beer or wine consumption and markers of systemic inflammation in three different geographical areas in Europe. METHODS AND RESULTS: Cross-sectional samples, each representative of the general population from Germany, Scotland, and France (MONICA Augsburg 1994/95, 2275 men and 2186 women, 25-74 years; Glasgow MONICA 1994/95, 561/616, 25-74 years, and MONICA Lille 1994/95, 581/574, 35-64 years) were studied. Alcohol intake was assessed by standardized interview. Adjusted means of C-reactive protein (CRP), fibrinogen, white blood cell (WBC) count, plasma viscosity (PV), and albumin were calculated among categories of alcohol intake, and separately for beer or wine consumption, by multiple linear regression. Self-reported moderate daily alcohol intake up to 40 g was associated with lower concentrations of CRP, fibrinogen, PV and WBC count, compared to non-drinking and heavy drinking, even after adjustment for various potential confounders. CONCLUSIONS: Moderate consumption of either wine or beer is associated with lower levels of systemic inflammatory markers in three different European areas, suggesting that ethanol itself might be largely responsible for the potential anti-inflammatory effects of these beverages. 
BACKGROUND: Animal data show that low protein intake in pregnancy programs higher offspring blood pressure, but similar data in humans are limited. We examined the associations of first and second trimester maternal protein intake with offspring blood pressure (BP) at the age of six months. METHODS: In a prospective US cohort study, called Project Viva, pregnant women completed validated semi-quantitative food-frequency questionnaires (FFQ) to measure gestational protein intake. Among 947 mother-offspring pairs with first trimester dietary data and 910 pairs with second trimester data, we measured systolic blood pressure (SBP) up to five times with an automated device in the offspring at the age of six months. Controlling for blood pressure measurement conditions, maternal and infant characteristics, we examined the effect of energy-adjusted maternal protein intake on infant SBP using multivariable mixed effects models. RESULTS: Mean daily second trimester maternal protein intake was 17.6% of energy (mean 2111 kcal/day). First trimester nutrient intakes were similar. Mean SBP at age 6 months was 90.0 mm Hg (SD 12.9). Consistent with prior reports, adjusted SBP was 1.94 mm Hg lower [95% confidence interval (CI) -3.45 to -0.42] for each kg increase in birth weight. However, we did not find an association between maternal protein intake and infant SBP. After adjusting for covariates, the effect estimates were 0.14 mm Hg (95% CI 20.12 to 20.40) for a 1% increase in energy from protein during the second trimester, and 20.01 mm Hg (95% CI 20.24 to -0.23) for a 1% increase in energy from protein in the first trimester. CONCLUSIONS: Variation in maternal total protein intake during pregnancy does not appear to program offspring blood pressure. 
Methoxychlor, a chlorinated hydrocarbon pesticide, is a persistent environmental contaminant that has been identified in human reproductive tissues. Methoxychlor has been shown to be estrogenic in both in vivo and in vitro studies. As an endocrine disrupter, it may have the potential to adversely affect endocrine, reproductive, and immune systems in animals. The present study evaluated methoxychlor's immunotoxic potential in F0 (dams) and F1 generations of Sprague Dawley rats exposed to an isoflavone-free diet containing methoxychlor at concentrations of 10, 100, and 1000 ppm. In dams, exposure to methoxychlor from gestation day 7 to postpartum day 51 (65 days total exposure) produced a significant increase in the NK activity (1000 ppm) and the percentages of T cells (1000 ppm), helper T cells (1000 ppm) and macrophages (100 and 1000 ppm). In contrast, a decrease in the numbers of splenocytes and B cells was observed at the 100 and 1000 ppm concentrations. In F1 males, exposure to methoxychlor gestationally, lactationally and through feed from postnatal day 22-64 (78 days total exposure) produced an increase in the spleen IgM antibody-forming cell response to sheep red blood cells (100 and 1000 ppm) and the activity of NK cells (1000 ppm). However, there was a decrease in the terminal body weight (1000 ppm), spleen weight (1000 ppm), thymus weight (100 and 1000 ppm), and the numbers of splenocytes (1000 ppm), B cells (100 and 1000 ppm), cytotoxic T cells (1000 ppm) and NK cells (100 and 1000 ppm). In F1 females, exposure to methoxychlor produced a decrease in the terminal body weight (1000 ppm) and the percentages of cytotoxic T cells (10, 100 and 1000 ppm). These results demonstrate that developmental and adult dietary exposure to methoxychlor modulates immune responses in Sprague Dawley rats. Immunological changes were more pronounced in the F1 generation male rats that were exposed during gestation and postpartum, when compared to the F0 and F1 generation females. Increases in antibody-forming cell response and NK cell activity, and altered spleen cell subpopulation numbers were observed in the F1 generation male rats, without similar changes to the F1 generation females.
Little is known about the direct effect of broccoli sprouts on human health. So we investigated the effect of broccoli sprouts on the induction of various biochemical oxidative stress markers. Twelve healthy subjects (6 males and 6 females) consumed fresh broccoli sprouts (100 g/day) for 1 week for a phase 1 study. Before and after the treatment, biochemical examination was conducted and natural killer cell activity, plasma amino acids, plasma PCOOH (phosphatidylcholine hydroperoxide), the serum coenzyme Q(10), urinary 8-isoprostane, and urinary 8-OHdG (8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine) were measured. With treatment, total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol decreased, and HDL cholesterol increased significantly. Plasma cystine decreased significantly. All subjects showed reduced PCOOH, 8-isoprostane and 8-OHdG, and increased CoQ(10)H(2)/CoQ(10) ratio. Only one week intake of broccoli sprouts improved cholesterol metabolism and decreased oxidative stress markers.
BACKGROUND: Cardioprotective effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) of marine origin are well recognized. Because of the shortness of marine resources vegetable oils are increasingly used in fish farming. The effects on human health of fish fed on vegetable oils are largely unknown. METHODS: In a double-blinded intervention study, 60 patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) were randomly allocated to three groups consuming approximately 700 g per week for 6 weeks of differently fed Atlantic salmon: 100% fish oil (FO), 100% rapeseed oil (RO) or 50% of each (FO/RO), resulting in fillets with high, intermediate and low levels of marine n-3 PUFAs. Patient analyses before and after the intervention period included serum fatty acid profile, serum lipoproteins, and markers of vascular inflammation. RESULTS: The serum fatty acid profiles of the patients after the intervention mirrored those of the corresponding salmon fillets and the respective salmon feeds. Significant differences between the groups were obtained, especially for the levels of total n-3 PUFAs and the n-3/n-6 FA ratio, which were markedly increased in the FO group in contrast to the two other groups (P < 0.02 for all). Additionally, significant reductions of serum triglycerides and of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 and interleukin-6 were obtained in patients receiving the FO diet when compared with the two other groups (P < 0.05 for all). CONCLUSIONS: Tailor-made Atlantic salmon fillets very high in n-3 PUFAs of marine origin seem to impose favourable biochemical changes in patients with CHD when compared with ingestion of fillets with intermediate and low levels of marine n-3 PUFAs, when replaced by rapeseed oil. 
BACKGROUND: Inner-city, black women are among those groups that are at higher risk for having infants with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders that can include life-long neurobehavioral and cognitive impairments. Chronic alcohol consumption can decrease amounts of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a fatty acid that is essential for optimal infant neural and retinal development in a variety of tissues. METHODS: Black women who presented at an inner-city antenatal clinic for their first prenatal visit were recruited into a longitudinal, observational study. Alcohol intake was determined by a structured interview. Participants provided blood specimens and completed food frequency surveys at 24 weeks of gestation, infant delivery, and 3 months postpartum. Fatty acid composition analyses were completed on 307, 260, and 243 for plasma and 278, 261, and 242 erythrocyte specimens at 24 weeks of gestation, delivery, and 3 months postpartum, respectively. RESULTS: Proportion of drinking days at the first prenatal visit was associated with decreased DHA in plasma and erythrocytes throughout the study. This association was the strongest at 24 weeks of gestation. In addition, an interaction between proportion of drinking days at the time of conception and ounces of absolute alcohol per drinking day at the time of conception was detected and demonstrated that, in daily drinkers, high intakes of alcohol are associated with decreased DHA and arachidonic acid (AA) concentrations in plasma. CONCLUSIONS: Frequent and high intakes of alcohol that have been previously associated with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders are also associated with decreased maternal DHA and AA plasma concentrations. The present findings indicate that maternal DHA deficiency is associated with high-risk drinking and may contribute to the mechanism(s) of alcohol-related neurodevelopmental disorders. 
C-reactive protein (CRP) has been proposed as an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease. In this study we sought to investigate the association between several nutritional and lifestyle factors and serum CRP concentration in a population-based study. We studied 359 individuals (172 women, 187 men; age range 18-75 years) randomly selected from the town hall's registers and assessed their daily dietary intake using a 3-day estimated-food record. The median serum CRP concentration was 1.40 mg/L (range <0.10-47.48 mg/L; geometric mean 1.20 mg/L). We noted significant and independent direct associations between CRP and age, body-mass index, female sex, and serum triglyceride concentration. Bivariate analysis showed a significant inverse association between CRP and many nutrients (e.g., carbohydrates, proteins, lipids, thiamine, pyridoxine, tocopherol, and folate), but multiple-regression analysis indicated that only the effect of dietary folate intake was not dependent on other factors. Differences in folate intake did not produce changes in plasma homocysteine concentration, and we detected no negative correlation between dietary folate intake and log homocysteine (r = .02, P = .711). Strong positive correlations between the intake of folate and numerous other nutrients were found. This population-based study shows that a higher folate intake, in addition to other known constitutive and lifestyle factors, is significantly associated with a lower serum CRP concentration.
Our research seeks to identify a serum profile, or serotype, that reflects the systemic physiologic modifications resultant from dietary restriction (DR), in part such that this knowledge can be applied for biomarker studies. Direct comparison suggests that component-based classification algorithms consistently out-perform distance-based metrics for studies of nutritional modulation of metabolic serotype, but are subject to over-fitting concerns. Intercohort differences in the sera metabolome could partially obscure the effects of DR. Further analysis now shows that implementation of component-based approaches (also called projection methods) optimized for class separation and controlled for over-fitting have >97% accuracy for distinguishing sera from control or DR rats. DR's effect on the metabolome is shown to be robust across cohorts, but differs in males and females (although some metabolites are affected in both). We demonstrate the utility of projection-based methods for both sample and variable diagnostics, including identification of critical metabolites and samples that are atypical with respect to both class and variable models. Inclusion of non-statistically different variables enhances classification models. Variables that contribute to these models are sharply dependent on mathematical processing techniques; some variables that do not contribute under one paradigm are powerful under alternative mathematical paradigms. In practical terms, this information may find purpose in other endeavors, such as mechanistic studies of DR. Application of these approaches confirms the utility of megavariate data analysis techniques for optimal generation of biomarkers based on nutritional modulation of physiological processes.
BACKGROUND: Sodium intake increases urinary calcium excretion and may thus lead to negative calcium balance and bone loss. OBJECTIVE: We hypothesised that reducing sodium intake would reduce urinary calcium excretion and have a beneficial influence in bone metabolism. DESIGN: A total of 29 subjects, 14 males and 15 females, were divided into two study groups. One group (low-sodium group (LS)) reduced sodium intake for 7 weeks by substituting low-salt alternatives for the most important dietary sources of sodium. The other group, serving as a control group (C), was given the same food items in the form of normally salted alternatives. Fasting serum samples as well as 24-h urine samples were obtained in the beginning and at the end of the study. Urinary sodium, urinary calcium, urinary creatinine, serum calcium, serum phosphate, serum creatinine, serum parathyroid hormone (s-PTH), serum C-terminal telopeptides of Type-I collagen and serum bone alkaline phosphatase (s-B-ALP) were analysed. RESULTS: The LS group showed a significant decline (P = 0.001) in urinary sodium/creatinine ratio without a significant effect on urinary calcium/creatinine ratio. In the LS group, s-PTH increased (P = 0.03). The C group showed an increase in s-PTH (P = 0.05) and in s-B-ALP, but no differences were observed between the study groups in the changes of serum markers of calcium and bone metabolism. CONCLUSIONS: We have shown that reducing the sodium intake of young, healthy people with adequate calcium intake over a 7-week period does not affect the markers of bone metabolism. 
BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria (MA) is a risk factor for cardiovascular and renal disease. However, little is known about the relation of nutritional factors to MA, especially in individuals without diabetes. METHODS: Data collected by the International Population Study on Macronutrients and Blood Pressure from 1997 to 1999 were used to assess relations of multiple dietary factors (energy intake, macronutrients, and micronutrients) independent of lifestyle-related cardiovascular risk factors to MA (urinary albumin excretion, 30 to <300 mg/24 h). The study population included 4,381 Chinese, Japanese, UK, and US men and women without diabetes aged 40 to 59 years (17 population samples) without macroalbuminuria. RESULTS: MA prevalences ranged from 3.1% to 5.5% for men and 2.6% to 4.6% for women in the 4 countries. With adjustment for age and country, the following nutrients considered singly (of 29) were related in logistic regression analyses to MA prevalence ( P < 0.05): for men, inversely, iron, vitamin C and E, estimated total simple sugar, omega-6 fatty acid, polyunsaturated fatty acid, and calcium (all expressed as caloric density) intake; for women, directly, 24-hour urinary sodium excretion and alcohol intake. In multivariate analyses, sugar, iron, polyunsaturated fats, and vitamin C and E intake (in men) and alcohol intake (women only) remained associated with MA ( P < 0.05). MA also was related directly to body mass index ( P < 0.05), blood pressure ( P < 0.001), and smoking ( P > 0.05) and inversely to education ( P < 0.05 in women). CONCLUSION: In cross-sectional analyses, several nutrients were related to MA among men. Additional studies are required to confirm these findings. 
BACKGROUND: Although relatively little is known about the responsible factors, there is an increased prevalence of essential hypertension in youth. Our previous research using casual blood pressure (BP) suggests a role for caffeine intake. The objective of this study was to assess the association between caffeine intake and ambulatory BP patterns among adolescents and to replicate our previous findings that compared caffeine intake to BP values obtained at a single time point. METHODS: Eighty-two African-American and non-Hispanic white adolescents (15 to 19 years old) with normal systolic BP selected foods and beverages for a 4-day sodium-controlled diet. Subjects were stratified into three groups based on the amount of caffeine in these foods. Ambulatory BP measures (24-h) were recorded during 1 day of the 4-day diet. The effects of ethnicity, caffeine, and the interaction of ethnicity and caffeine on BP were assessed for daytime and nighttime hours controlling for gender and body mass index. RESULTS: The level of dietary caffeine was positively associated with daytime systolic BP (F(2,76) = 3.1, P = .05, partial R(2) = 0.07) and daytime diastolic BP (F = 3.53(2,76), P = .03, partial R(2) = 0.07). Caffeine's effect on systolic BP was most pronounced for African-American subjects. These results replicated our earlier findings. There was no association between caffeine intake and nighttime BP. CONCLUSIONS: This investigation replicates and extends our previous findings that caffeine consumption impacts the BP of adolescents, during the daytime when sympathetic nervous system responses dominate BP control. Controlled studies that examine the pressor effects of caffeine intake at levels typical of the dietary patterns of today's adolescents are needed. 
Epidemiologic evidence shows an inverse relationship between fish consumption and coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality. Associations between dietary intake of long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and serum high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol concentration are unknown. In this study, the association between n-3 PUFA (eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA)) intake and serum HDL cholesterol among Japanese men and women in Japan and Hawaii was examined. The study population consisted of Japanese ancestries from five research centers of the International Study of Macronutrients and Blood Pressure (INTERMAP) study, in Japan and Hawaii (672 men and 676 women), surveyed between 1996 and 1998. Four 24-h dietary recalls and one set of serum lipid measurements were performed. For men, n-3 PUFA intake and HDL cholesterol were higher in Japan than in Hawaii (n-3 PUFA: 1.32 g/day versus 0.47 g/day, p<0.001). For women, n-3 PUFA intake was higher in Japan than in Hawaii (p<0.001) but HDL cholesterol was not significantly different (p=0.752). After adjustment for age, body mass index, physical activity, number of cigarettes per day, alcohol intake, and hormone replacement therapy (for women), n-3 PUFA intake was positively associated with serum HDL cholesterol in men (4.6 mg/dl higher HDL cholesterol with 1%kcal higher n-3 PUFA intake, p=0.011). This association was not observed in women. This positive association of dietary n-3 PUFA with serum HDL cholesterol may partially explain the low mortality from CHD among Japanese men.
1. An experiment was performed to compare the welfare of three broiler breeder genotypes (Label Rouge (LA), experimental dwarf (ER) and standard (SR)) fed on a Control or high Fibre diet. The LA birds were fed ad libitum and the other groups were reared to their recommended body weight targets. A group of standard broiler breeders was also fed a restricted amount of food, but to a lesser degree than SR, to achieve the same proportion of body weight (SE) as ER relative to ad libitum-fed dwarfs based on previous research. LA, ER, SR and SE are referred to as 'groups' in the text. 2. Welfare was assessed by comparing time budgets and heterophil-lymphocyte ratios (HL ratios) at 5, 10 and 15 weeks and immune responses at 15 weeks of age. In addition the weight and water content of the gastrointestinal tract at 4-h intervals at the end of the experiment were studied in LA and SR fed on both diets. 3. Body weights of LA, ER and SR fed on the Fibre diets were depressed and LA ate less of the Fibre than the Control diet. The coefficient of variation of body weight at 15 weeks was 7.9% in LA and similar (10.8 to 11.6%) in the other groups. 4. Drinking, litter-directed behaviour, resting and standing were affected by a group x age interaction with restricted birds showing increased drinking over time and less time spent resting compared to LA. The behaviour of ER birds was similar to SE. 5. HL ratios were within the normal biological range although all restricted-fed birds had an elevated HL ratio at 10 weeks of age relative to week 5 whereas LA birds had a reduced HL ratio at 15 weeks relative to 5 and 10 weeks of age. Immune responses were lower in ER and SE and the highest response was in SR. 6. No effects of diet were identified on behaviour, white blood cell counts or HL ratio. 7. With the exception of the crop, the dry weights of digesta in each section of the gut were similar in LA and SR birds. The results suggest that drinker-directed activity might be a substitute for foraging rather than an attempt to increase gut fill. 8. It is concluded that the replacement of standard with dwarf broiler breeders may improve the welfare of commercial flocks of broiler breeders by decreasing the degree of food restriction resulting in favourable changes in behaviour, for example, reduced 'drinker-directed' behaviour.
To investigate the association between an individual's ability to recognize his/her energy intake and energy expenditure with the status of diabetes mellitus (DM) control, we conducted a cross-sectional study using data from 62 outpatients with type 2 DM (46 men and 16 women), aged 33-77 years, from two hospitals in Tokyo in 1999. A dietitian-interviewer asked the patients to estimate their probable energy intake and expenditure in recent days (self-estimated energy intake and expenditure, respectively). Subsequently, a dietary survey was conducted to estimate the patient's energy intake by a self-recorded method with a dietitian's interview for three continuous business days; the physical exercise levels were measured using a pedometer with multiple-memory accelerometers for one week. The percentage of subjects whose self-estimated energy intake was within +/-10% of the dietary survey-based energy intake became significantly lower as the control status worsened (35.6, 12.9, and 11.1% in the first, second, and third tertile groups of HbA(1c), respectively; P = 0.015). Similar but non-significant results were observed for the energy expenditure (P = 0.35). Since the control status of DM was worse among patients who could not recognize their amount of caloric intake and expenditure, a training program to improve such recognition ability may be needed.
BACKGROUND: Iodine intake in Greenland has been hypothesized to exceed 10 times the recommended amount. The transition from a traditional Arctic society may change the iodine intake, but no field studies have been performed. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to ascertain iodine intakes, factors affecting iodine intake in circumpolar populations, and the usefulness of urinary iodine excretion as a biomarker for validation of Inuit food-frequency questionnaires. DESIGN: Data were collected in a cohort study of 4 Greenland population groups: Inuit living in the capital city, the major town, and settlements in East Greenland and non-Inuit. Supplement use and lifestyle factors were evaluated with questionnaires, and dietary habits were ascertained with a food-frequency questionnaire. Iodine was measured in spot urine samples. RESULTS: One percent of the population of Greenland was invited, and the participation rate was 95%. Less than 5% of Inuit but 55% of non-Inuit had urinary iodine excretion < 50 microg/24 h. Median urinary iodine excretion declined with the degree of decrease in the traditional lifestyle: it was 198, 195, 147, and 58 microg/24 h among Inuit in settlements, town, and city and in non-Inuit, respectively (P < 0.001). Participants were divided into diet groups calculated from Inuit food frequency. Iodine excretion decreased with increasing intake of imported foods (P < 0.001). In regression models, type of diet and the subject's lifestyle, sex, weight, ethnicity, and intake of iodine-containing supplements affected urinary iodine excretion. CONCLUSIONS: Circumpolar non-Inuit are at risk of iodine deficiency. Departure from the traditional Inuit diet lowers iodine intake, which should be monitored in Arctic societies. Urinary iodine excretion may be a useful biomarker of traditional Inuit food frequency. 
Previous studies in our laboratory demonstrated that rats exhibiting obesity in response to a moderately high-fat (MHF) diet developed hypertension associated with activation of the local and systemic renin-angiotensin system. In this study, we examined the effect of the angiotensin type 1 (AT(1))-receptor antagonist, losartan, on blood pressure in obesity-prone (OP) and obesity-resistant (OR) rats fed a MHF diet. Using telemetry monitoring, we characterized the evolution of blood pressure elevations during the development of obesity. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were implanted with telemetry transducers for chronic monitoring of blood pressure, and baseline measurements were obtained. Rats were then switched to the MHF diet (32% kcal as fat) and were segregated into OP and OR groups at week 5. At week 9 on the MHF diet, OP rats exhibited significantly greater 24-h mean arterial blood pressure compared with OR rats (OP: 105 +/- 4 mmHg, OR: 96 +/- 2 mmHg; P < 0.05). Elevations in blood pressure in OP rats were manifest as an increase in systolic pressure. Administration of losartan to all rats at week 9 resulted in a reduction in blood pressure; however, losartan had the greatest effect in OP rats (percent decrease in mean arterial pressure by losartan; OP: 19 +/- 4, OR: 10 +/- 2%; P < 0.05). These results demonstrate that elevations in blood pressure occur subsequent to established obesity in rats fed a high-fat diet. Moreover, these results demonstrate the ability of losartan to reverse the blood pressure increase from diet-induced obesity, supporting a primary role for the renin-angiotensin system in obesity-associated hypertension.
OBJECTIVE: Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin has been proposed to be useful in evaluating alcohol consumption but there is no consensus on its use in routine practice. The aim of this retrospective study was to compare carbohydrate-deficient transferrin and gammaglutamyl transpeptidase assays for the evaluation of alcohol consumption. METHODS: Six hundred thirty-three outpatients attending one outpatient care center were included in this study. Patients were divided into five categories according to alcohol consumption: category 1 included non-weaned patients drinking more than 30 g/day for women and more than 50 g/day for men, category 2 included relapse patients, category 3 included moderate drinkers, category 4 included patients weaned less than one month, and category 5 included patients weaned more than one month. One experienced physician estimated alcohol intake from patient declarations during a face-to-face interview. RESULTS: Sensitivity of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin varied, depending on patient category, from 32% to 92% versus 41% to 72% for gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase. Specificity of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin varied from 71% to 96% versus 23% to 62% for gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase. After one month of abstinence, specificity of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin was 62% versus 19% for gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase. CONCLUSION: This study confirms that carbohydrate-deficient transferrin is more accurate in predicting alcohol consumption compared with gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase in alcoholic outpatients. 
AIMS: To examine the effects of an acute dose of ethanol on serum fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEEs) concentration and urinary 5-hydroxytryptophol (5-HTOL)/5-hydroxyindole-3-acetic acid (5-HIAA) ratio. METHODS: Sixteen (14 male, 2 female) heavy alcohol drinkers were tested in a single, 2-day long session. Six participants received 1.5 g/l of ethanol/l of body water (approximately 0.75 g/kg of body weight, low dose group: LD) and 10 participants received 2.0 g/l of ethanol ( approximately 1.0 g/kg of body weight, high dose group: HD) in four divided doses every 20 min. Blood, urine, and breath samples were collected repeatedly over 36 h following the ingestion of ethanol and were analyzed for the presence of FAEE, 5-HTOL/5-HIAA, and ethanol, respectively. Serum gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT), a marker of chronic ethanol use, was also included. RESULTS: The breath ethanol level peaked approximately 1 h after the last dose, at 95 and 120 mg/dl for the LD and HD groups, respectively. The mean ratio of urinary 5-HTOL/5-HIAA was significantly elevated 5 and 9 h after ethanol administration, but returned to baseline 13 h after ethanol administration. This ratio was twice as high for the HD group compared with the LD group. Serum levels of FAEEs were significantly elevated at 5 h, but not 13 h after ethanol administration. There were no time-dependent changes in serum GGT levels. CONCLUSIONS: Measuring the levels of FAEE and 5-HTOL/5-HIAA ratio provides a convenient method to detect recent, particularly binge-type, ethanol use, but these measures may have limited applicability in detecting ethanol use in traditional clinical trial settings. 
The aim of this work was to investigate the association between homocysteine levels and coffee consumption in a sample of cardiovascular disease-free men and women. From May 2001 to December 2002, we randomly enrolled 1514 men and 1528 women, stratified by age and gender, from the greater area of Athens. Blood samples were collected in the fasting state. Among other investigated factors, dietary habits (including coffee consumption in ml per day, adjusted for 28% caffeine containment) were evaluated using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Men consumed higher quantities of coffee compared with women (250 +/- 55 vs 150 +/- 60 ml/day, P = 0.001), while homocysteine values were also higher in men than in women (14.5 +/- 6 vs 10.8 +/- 3.5 micromol/l, P = 0.001). A dose-response relationship of homocysteine levels with coffee consumption was observed (r = 0.10, P = 0.034). In particular, we found that homocysteine levels were 11.2 +/- 5 micromol/l for no consumption, 11.7 +/- 7 micromol/l for <100 ml/day, 12.5 +/- 7 micromol/l for 200-400 ml/day, and 12.7 +/- 4 micromol/l for >500 ml/day consumption (P = 0.018). The observed trend remained significant even after controlling for the interactions between coffee consumption with gender, smoking habits, physical activity status, and eating habits. However, the sole effect of the consumption of filtered coffee on homocysteine levels was significant only in those who consumed more than 500 ml/day (P = 0.043). Although our findings cannot be evidence for causality, they can be the basis for hypotheses about the relation between homocysteine and coffee that can partially explain the mechanisms by which elevated homocysteine levels may influence coronary risk.
BACKGROUND: Adiponectin, an adipocyte-derived peptide, improves insulin sensitivity, has antiinflammatory and antiatherogenic effects, and is associated with a lower risk of ischemic heart disease (IHD) and type 2 diabetes. However, little is known about dietary predictors of plasma adiponectin concentrations in humans. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to examine cross-sectionally the association between dietary factors and plasma adiponectin in men. DESIGN: Our study included 532 male participants of the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study who were selected as control subjects for an investigation of biological predictors of IHD. Diet, lifestyle, and anthropometric data were assessed by questionnaires. RESULTS: After multivariable adjustment, adiponectin was significantly inversely related to glycemic load (-1.3 mg/L per 1-SD increase; P = 0.02) and tended to be positively associated with total fat intake (0.7 mg/L per 0.5% of energy from fat instead of carbohydrates; P = 0.06). We also found a significant nonlinear association between plasma adiponectin concentrations and alcohol intake (P for quadratic trend = 0.01). Thus, whereas nondrinkers had mean plasma adiponectin concentrations of 16.48 mg/L, those who consumed 0.1-4.9, 5.0-14.9, 15.0-29.9, or >/=30 g alcohol/d had mean concentrations of 16.79 (P = 0.77 compared with nondrinkers), 18.97 (P = 0.02), 19.11 (P = 0.01), and 18.39 (P = 0.10) mg/L, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Moderate alcohol intake is associated with higher adiponectin concentrations, whereas a carbohydrate-rich diet with a high glycemic load is associated with lower adiponectin concentrations in men with no history of cardiovascular disease. Although the strength of these associations was modest, our observations highlight the hypothesis that dietary factors may modulate plasma adiponectin concentrations-a potential mediator related to a reduced IHD risk. 
The Stages of Change model evaluates and conceptualizes attempts to alter particular behavior patterns. To investigate the validity of this model for assessing fruit and vegetable intake, we examined the association between the stage of change in fruit and vegetable intake and urinary potassium excretion. The data were from baseline surveys taken in 1999 and 2000 from the High-Risk and Population Strategy for Occupational Health Promotion (HIPOP-OHP) study in Japan. This was a non-randomized control trial at 12 worksites in Japan and aimed to decrease cardiovascular risk factors. Cross-sectional analysis was performed using data from 6,774 participants (5,364 men and 1,410 women). We used three categories of the model: precontemplation or contemplation (P/C), indicating no commitment to change; preparation (P), indicating readiness to change behavior but not actually doing so; and action or maintenance (A/M), indicating an actual change in behavior. Urinary potassium excretion was estimated from the potassium and creatinine concentrations in spot urine samples. Multivariate analysis indicated that urinary potassium excretion in the A/M stage was 1.65 mmol/day more than in the P stage, and 1.44 mmol/day more than in the P/C stage for men (p <0.05, respectively). For women, urinary potassium excretion in the A/M stage was 1.26 mmol/day more than in the P/C stage (p <0.05) and 1.04 mmol/day more than in the P stage, although the latter result lacked statistical significance (p =0.08). This study supports the potential value of the Stages of Change model for increasing fruit and vegetable intake in the design of dietary intervention programs.
BACKGROUND: The present study was undertaken to investigate the relationship between the dietary intake of magnesium and the serum and urinary levels of calcium and magnesium in a group of Trinidadian stone formers. METHODS: A group of 102 confirmed stone formers presenting to urological clinics were interviewed using a questionnaire designed to obtain a semi-quantitative estimate of their oral magnesium intake. Patients were invited to give blood samples for serum calcium and magnesium levels and to provide 24-h urine specimens for the measurement of urinary levels of these minerals, as well as total urinary volumes. A group of 102 controls was subjected to a similar interview and blood and urinary testing. Chi-square tests and Student's t-tests were used to examine group demographic differences. The Mann-Whitney test investigated differences in biochemical indices. Binary logistic regression was used to identify predictors of stone formation. RESULTS: Blood samples were obtained from 60 patients and 98 controls. Urine samples were returned by 34 patients and 97 controls. Only 10 stones were retrieved from patients. Patients had a significantly lower magnesium intake, but higher median serum and urinary calcium levels, and higher serum calcium to magnesium ratios than controls. Independent variables capable of predicting stone formation included total magnesium intake and serum and urinary calcium levels. CONCLUSIONS: Increased serum and urinary calcium levels, calcium to magnesium ratios, and a low magnesium intake were predictive of stone formation in this Trinidadian population. 
Biomarkers have the potential to impact a wide range of public health concerns, including early detection of diseases, drug discovery, and improved accuracy of monitoring effects of interventions. Given new technological developments, broad-based screening approaches will likely advance biomarker discovery at an accelerated pace. Matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization-time of flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF MS) allows for the elucidation of individual protein masses from a complex mixture with high throughput. We have developed a method for identifying serum biomarkers using MALDI-TOF and statistical analysis. However, before applying this approach to screening of complex diseases, we evaluated the approach in a controlled dietary intervention study. In this study, MALDI-TOF spectra were generated using samples from a randomized controlled trial. During separate feeding periods, 38 participants ate a basal diet devoid of fruits and vegetables and a basal diet supplemented with cruciferous (broccoli) family vegetables. Serum samples were obtained at the end of each 7-day feeding period and treated to remove large, abundant proteins. MALDI-TOF spectra were analyzed using peak picking algorithms and logistic regression models. Our bioinformatics methods identified two significant peaks at m/z values of 2740 and 1847 that could classify participants based on diet (basal vs. cruciferous) with 76% accuracy. The 2740 m/z peak was identified as the B-chain of alpha 2-HS glycoprotein, a serum protein previously found to vary with diet and be involved in insulin resistance and immune function.
BACKGROUND AND AIM: Vitamin B6 as cofactor of Delta6 desaturase is involved in polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism; moreover, it is a cofactor of the trans-sulfuration pathway of homocysteine. Some studies report that low concentrations of pyridoxine, by increasing homocysteine levels, are associated with coronary artery disease, and carotid and arterial lesions. The aim of this study was to verify whether different dietary amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acids associated with low content of vitamin B6 could modulate homocysteinemia. METHODS AND RESULTS: Thirty-two rats were divided into two groups, one fed a diet with adequate vitamin B6 content the other a diet containing low amount of the same vitamin. Within each group, rats were divided into two subgroups differing in the polyunsaturated fatty acid content of the diet (63 and 33%, respectively). The vitamin B6-deficient diet induced an increase in homocysteine concentration compared to the vitamin B6-normal diet. This increase was tenfold in the subgroup fed high polyunsaturated fatty acid levels and twofold in the other subgroup. The fatty acid composition of liver phospholipids showed a lower arachidonic acid relative molar content and a lower 20:4/18:2 ratio in vitamin B6-deficient groups compared with B6-normal groups. CONCLUSIONS: On the basis of the different biological functions of pyridoxine and considering that some factors closely related to atherosclerosis are vitamin B(6) dependent, adequate pyridoxine availability could be necessary to assure a normal long chain fatty acid metabolism and to reduce the risk linked to hyperhomocysteinemia. 
OBJECTIVE: To study a perceived relationship of urinary incontinence with self-reported depression among middle-aged women, and to outline whether hormone therapy, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, or serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors influence the prevalence of urinary incontinence. DESIGN: A population-based cross-sectional study of 6,642 women from the Lund area, Sweden, aged 50 to 64 years, who answered questions on urinary incontinence. We obtained information on urinary incontinence, self-reported depression, and medication by questionnaire and personal interviews between December 1995 and February 2000. RESULTS: Thirty-one percent of the women reported urinary incontinence of various severities and 52% reported episodes of depression. Urinary incontinence and self-reported depression were significantly associated [odds ratio (OR) 1.37; 95% CI, 1.23-1.52; P < 0.001]. Among women with self-reported depression, the use of serotonergic antidepressants was statistically associated with urinary incontinence (OR 1.78; 95% CI, 1.33-2.38; P < 0.001). Among women not reporting depression, hormone therapy was significantly associated with urinary incontinence (OR 1.45; 95% CI, 1.22-1.70; P < 0.001). After adjustment for other potential risk factors, serotonergic antidepressants and hormone therapy use were no longer associated with urinary incontinence in women with self-reported depression. However, among women not reporting depression, hormone therapy was still significantly more common in women with urinary incontinence. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary incontinence and self-reported depression seemed to be associated in middle-aged women. Use of serotonergic antidepressants or hormone therapy does not seem to be associated with a lower prevalence of urinary incontinence. 
PURPOSE: Flaxseed, the richest source of mammalian lignan precursors, has previously been shown to reduce the growth of tumors in rats. This study examined, in a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial, the effects of dietary flaxseed on tumor biological markers and urinary lignan excretion in postmenopausal patients with newly diagnosed breast cancer. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Patients were randomized to daily intake of either a 25 g flaxseed-containing muffin (n = 19) or a control (placebo) muffin (n = 13). At the time of diagnosis and again at definitive surgery, tumor tissue was analyzed for the rate of tumor cell proliferation (Ki-67 labeling index, primary end point), apoptosis, c-erbB2 expression, and estrogen and progesterone receptor levels. Twenty-four-hour urine samples were analyzed for lignans, and 3-day diet records were evaluated for macronutrient and caloric intake. Mean treatment times were 39 and 32 days in the placebo and flaxseed groups, respectively. RESULTS: Reductions in Ki-67 labeling index (34.2%; P = 0.001) and in c-erbB2 expression (71.0%; P = 0.003) and an increase in apoptosis (30.7%; P = 0.007) were observed in the flaxseed, but not in the placebo group. No significant differences in caloric and macronutrient intake were seen between groups and between pre- and posttreatment periods. A significant increase in mean urinary lignan excretion was observed in the flaxseed group (1,300%; P < 0.01) compared with placebo controls. The total intake of flaxseed was correlated with changes in c-erbB2 score (r = -0.373; P = 0.036) and apoptotic index (r = 0.495; P < 0.004). CONCLUSION: Dietary flaxseed has the potential to reduce tumor growth in patients with breast cancer. 
BACKGROUND: Dietary calcium and proteins are important determinants of bone health. Among the various methods to evaluate dietary intakes, food frequency questionnaires provide a self-administered, quick and simple estimation of dietary intakes. OBJECTIVES: To validate a simple, rapid, self-administered food frequency questionnaire for the estimation of dietary protein intake. DESIGN AND METHODS: A self-administrable food frequency questionnaire comprising 20 items was developed. The accuracy of dietary protein evaluation by this questionnaire was verified by comparing it to the results of a diary performed over a 4-day-period in 29 normal healthy subjects (mean age+/-SD, 40.1+/-12.3), and to the mean of three last 24-h recalls, administered at 6-week intervals in 43 healthy men (mean age+/-SD, 51.2+/-5.1). RESULTS: As compared with the values from both reference methods, the slope coefficient of linear regression analysis was statistically different from zero, but the percent of variance explained by the frequency questionnaire results amounted to 35% (diary) and 18% (24-h recall), respectively. Bland and Altman graphs as well as the Pitman's test did not show any difference in variability between the reference methods and the new food frequency questionnaire. This indicates a reliable estimate of group average dietary protein intakes. CONCLUSION: This rapid, self-administered food frequency questionnaire could be a useful tool for the evaluation of dietary protein intakes in groups of subjects. 
OBJECTIVES: The aim of this work was to investigate the association between fish consumption and levels of various inflammatory markers among adults without any evidence of cardiovascular disease. BACKGROUND: Fish consumption has been associated with reduced risk of coronary heart disease, but the mechanisms have not been well understood or appreciated. METHODS: The ATTICA study is a cross-sectional survey that enrolled 1,514 men (age 18 to 87 years) and 1,528 women (age 18 to 89 years) from the Attica region, Greece. Of them, 5% of men and 3% of women were excluded due to a history of cardiovascular disease. Among others, C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin (IL)-6, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, serum amyloid A (SAA), and white blood cells (WBC) were measured, and dietary habits (including fish consumption) were evaluated using a validated food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: A total of 88% of men and 91% of women reported fish consumption at least once a month. Compared to non-fish consumers, those who consumed >300 g of fish per week had on average 33% lower CRP, 33% lower IL-6, 21% lower TNF-alpha, 28% lower SAA levels, and 4% lower WBC counts (all p < 0.05). Significant results were also observed when lower quantities (150 to 300 g/week) of fish were consumed. All associations remained significant after various adjustments were made. CONCLUSIONS: Fish consumption was independently associated with lower inflammatory markers levels, among healthy adults. The strength and consistency of this finding has implications for public health and should be explored further. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of vegetable consumption and vitamin supplementation on the risk of developing transitional cell carcinoma (TCC) of the urinary bladder in Scottish Terriers. DESIGN: Case-control study. ANIMALS: 92 adult Scottish Terriers with TCC (cases) and 83 Scottish Terriers with other conditions (controls). PROCEDURE: Owners of dogs with TCC completed a questionnaire regarding their dogs' diet and intake of vitamin supplements in the year prior to diagnosis of TCC; owners of control dogs completed the questionnaire for a comparable time period. The risk (odds ratio [OR]) of developing TCC associated with diet and vitamin supplementation was determined by use of logistic regression. RESULTS: After adjustment for age, weight, neuter status, and coat color, there was an inverse association between consumption of vegetables at least 3 times/wk (OR, 0.30; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.15 to 0.62) and risk of developing TCC. For individual vegetable types, the risk of developing TCC was inversely associated with consumption of green leafy vegetables (OR, 0.12; 95% CI, 0.01 to 0.97) and yellow-orange vegetables (OR, 0.31; 95% CI, 0.14 to 0.70). Consumption of cruciferous vegetables was not significantly associated with a similar reduction in risk of developing TCC (OR, 0.22; CI, 0.04 to 1.11). The power of the study to detect a 50% reduction in TCC risk associated with daily vitamin supplementation was considered low (25%). CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Results suggest that consumption of certain vegetables may prevent or slow the development of TCC in Scottish Terriers. 
OBJECTIVE: Due to inconsistent results based on dietary intake data, unsaturated fatty acids in red blood cell (RBC) membranes and diet were used to investigate their association with allergic sensitisation and allergic rhinitis. DESIGN: Cross-sectional, population-based study. SETTING: Bavarian Nutrition Survey II (2002-03), Germany. SUBJECTS: A total of 568 adult participants, 325 women and 243 men. METHODS: By means of logistic regression models, the relation of fatty acids to (i) allergic sensitisation as defined by means of specific serum immunoglobulin E analysis (CAPSX1 class > or = 2), and (ii) self-reported allergic rhinitis was examined. RESULTS: A high cell membrane level of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5 n-3) was inversely associated with allergic sensitisation, the adjusted odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) were 0.52 (0.30-0.90) for the highest (vs lowest) quartile. A similar effect was observed for allergic rhinitis with an OR (95% CI) of 0.50 (0.24-1.03; P = 0.027 for trend). A higher dietary intake of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3 n-3) was associated with a decreased risk of allergic sensitisation and allergic rhinitis with ORs (95% CIs) of 0.51 (0.28-0.93) and 0.43 (0.20-0.93), respectively, in the highest quartiles. No other dietary or cell membrane unsaturated fatty acid was significantly associated with the outcome variables, nor was the n-6/n-3 ratio. The strongest effects were observed among subjects under the age of 40 y. CONCLUSIONS: In this cross-sectional study among adults, a high content of n-3 fatty acids in RBC membranes (EPA) or in the diet (ALA) is associated with a decreased risk of allergic sensitisation and allergic rhinitis. 
BACKGROUND: Consumption of fruit and vegetables is associated with a decreased risk of heart disease and cancer. This has been ascribed in part to antioxidants in these foods inactivating reactive oxygen species involved in initiation or progression of these diseases. Non-nutritive anthocyanins are present in significant amounts in the human diet. However, it is unclear whether they have health benefits in humans. AIM: To determine whether daily consumption of anthocyanin-rich cranberry juice could alter plasma antioxidant activity and biomarkers of oxidative stress. METHODS: 20 healthy female volunteers aged 18-40 y were recruited. Subjects consumed 750 ml/day of either cranberry juice or a placebo drink for 2 weeks. Fasted blood and urine samples were obtained over 4 weeks. The total phenol, anthocyanin and catechin content of the supplements and plasma were measured. Anthocyanin glycosides were identified by tandem mass spectrometry (MS-MS). Vitamin C, homocysteine (tHcy) and reduced glutathione (GSH) were measured by HPLC. Total antioxidant ability was determined using electron spin resonance (ESR) spectrometry and by the FRAP assay. Plasma total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein (HDL), and low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and triglycerides (TG) were measured. Glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), catalase (CAT) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) activities were measured in erythrocytes. Urine was collected for analysis of malondialdehyde (MDA) by HPLC and 8-oxo-deoxyguanosine (8-oxo-dG) by ELISA. Endogenous and induced DNA damage were measured by single cell gel electrophoresis (SCGE) in lymphocytes. RESULTS: Vitamin C, total phenol, anthocyanin and catechin concentrations and FRAP and ESR values were significantly higher in the cranberry juice compared with the placebo. Cyanidin and peonidin glycosides comprised the major anthocyanin metabolites [peonidin galactoside (29.2%) > cyanidin arabinoside (26.1%) > cyanidin galactoside (21.7%) > peonidin arabinoside (17.5%) > peonidin glucoside (4.1%) > cyanidin glucoside (1.4 %)]. Plasma vitamin C increased significantly (P<0.01) in volunteers consuming cranberry juice. No anthocyanins (plasma) or catechins (plasma or urine) were detectable and plasma total phenols, tHcy,TC,TG,HDL and LDL were unchanged. The antioxidant potential of the plasma, GSH-Px, CAT and SOD activities, and MDA were similar for both groups. Supplementation with cranberry juice did not affect 8-oxo-deoxyguanosine in urine or endogenous or H(2)O(2)-induced DNA damage in lymphocytes. CONCLUSIONS: Cranberry juice consumption did not alter blood or cellular antioxidant status or several biomarkers of lipid status pertinent to heart disease. Similarly, cranberry juice had no effect on basal or induced oxidative DNA damage. These results show the importance of distinguishing between the in vitro and in vivo antioxidant activities of dietary anthocyanins in relation to human health. 
OBJECTIVE: To develop and validate a self-administered questionnaire to assess the 'severity' and 'bothersomeness' of the most frequently reported signs and symptoms of uncomplicated urinary tract infection (uUTI). SUBJECTS AND METHODS: The UTI Symptoms Assessment questionnaire (UTISA) is a 14-item instrument asking about the severity and bothersomeness of seven key uUTI symptoms. It was developed after comprehensive literature and data review and administration in draft form to a sample of 30 women with uUTI. The final questionnaire was completed by 276 women with uUTI who participated in a noncomparative clinical trial of ciprofloxacin. The women completed the questionnaire in electronic format at baseline (before the first dose of ciprofloxacin once-daily), at 3-h and 8-h intervals until all UTI symptoms were resolved, and at the test-of-cure visit. Baseline scores on the King's Health Questionnaire (KHQ) were used to assess convergent and divergent validity; responses to the Global Rating of Change (GRC) were used to assess both responsiveness and the 'minimally important difference'. Discriminant validity and responsiveness were assessed by comparing UTISA scores with a clinical evaluation of UTI symptoms performed by the investigator at baseline and at the test-of-cure visit. RESULTS: The UTISA was found to comprise three four-item domains named 'urination regularity', 'problems with urination', and 'pain associated with UTI'. Two questions asking about haematuria loaded on a fourth factor. The three domains were homogeneous (with high inter-item correlations) and internally consistent. Convergent validity was shown by high correlations between similar UTISA and KHQ domains (all r(s) > 0.40), and divergent validity by small correlations between unlike domains (all r(s) < 0.15). In general, the UTISA domains showed excellent discriminant validity, with scores on selected domains discriminating between women with different clinical evaluations. The responsiveness of the UTISA was also excellent, with high correlations between changes in domain scores and the clinical evaluation and GRC items. Symptom improvement was highest in the first 3 h, leading to greater responsiveness and minimally important difference during this period. However, the UTISA could detect even small subsequent changes. CONCLUSION: The three-domain UTISA has excellent psychometric properties and it is likely to prove an excellent tool for assessing uUTI outcome from a patient's perspective, both in research and clinical settings. 
OBJECTIVE: Moderate alcohol consumption is associated with substantially lower risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). We assessed the relationship between alcohol intake and inflammatory markers to partially explain this beneficial effect. METHODS AND RESULTS: From two large prospective studies, we sampled 959 healthy male and 473 healthy female health professionals with reported alcohol intake. Markers of inflammation were soluble tumor necrosis factor-alpha receptors 1 and 2 (sTNF-R1 and sTNF-R2), C-reactive protein (CRP), and interleukin-6 (IL-6). We found significant inverse linear trends for sTNF-R1 (p-trend<0.001 men; 0.03 women) and sTNF-R2 (p-trend=0.002 men; 0.08 women) with increasing alcohol intake. Compared to non-drinkers, men who consumed on average 1-2 drinks/day had 26% lower CRP (-0.66 mg/L, p=0.13), and 36% lower IL-6 (-1.12 pg/ml, p=0.02) levels. Among women, a similar though stronger association was observed at half drink per day. Compared to non-drinkers, both men and women who consumed 1-2 drinks/drinking day had significantly lower sTNF-R1 (-9% in men, -6% in women) and sTNF-R2 (-7% in men, -6% in women) levels as well as lower CRP (-10% in men, -32% in women) and IL-6 (-45% in men, -27% in women) levels. CONCLUSIONS: Alcohol in moderation is associated with lower levels of inflammatory markers and may lower risk of CVD through these mechanisms. 
Methods are needed to assess exposure to genotoxins in humans and to improve understanding of dietary cancer prevention. The Comet assay was used to detect smoking-related exposures and dietary modulations in target tissues. Buccal scrapings, blood and faeces were collected from 38 healthy male volunteers (smokers and non-smokers) during a dietary intervention study with bread supplemented with prebiotics+/-antioxidants. GSTM1-genotype was determined with PCR. Buccal and peripheral lymphocytes were analysed for DNA damage using the Comet assay. Genotoxicity of faecal water (FW) was assayed in human colon HT29 clone 19A cells. 'Tail intensity' (TI) was used as a quantitative indicator of DNA damage in the Comet assay. Intervention with bread reduced DNA damage in lymphocytes of smokers (8.3+/-1.7% TI versus 10.2+/-4.1% TI, n=19), but not of non-smokers (8.6+/-2.8% TI versus 8.3+/-2.7% TI, n=15). Faecal water genotoxicity was reduced only in non-smokers (9.4+/-2.9% TI versus 18.9+/-13.1% TI, n=15) but not in smokers (15.5+/-10.7% TI versus 20.4+/-14.1% TI, n=13). The Comet assay was efficient in the detection of both smoking-related exposure (buccal cells) and efficacy of dietary intervention (faecal samples). Smokers and non-smokers profited differently from the intervention with prebiotic bread+/-antioxidants. Stratification of data by genotype enhanced specificity/sensitivity of the intervention effects and contributed important information on the role of susceptibility.
In a multicenter study, the overall correlation between two variables can be broken down into a within- and a between-group correlation reflecting associations at the individual and aggregate levels, respectively. A random-effects model is used to estimate variance components of nutrition-related variables and the within- and between-group correlation coefficients. Using data from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC), the authors analyzed the association between levels of three plasma carotenoids (alpha-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, and lycopene) and dietary intake of three items (total fruits, carrots, and tomatoes), assessed through dietary questionnaire and single 24-hour dietary recall measurements, in a cross-sectional study involving 3,089 subjects from nine European countries. Intraclass correlation coefficients were 0.178 for alpha-carotene, 0.216 for beta-cryptoxanthin, and 0.299 for lycopene. The between-group correlation coefficients were higher than the within-group coefficients for all three carotenoids. For beta-cryptoxanthin and fruit intake, the between-group versus the within-group correlations were 0.78 and 0.26 for the dietary questionnaire and 0.85 and 0.19 for the 24-hour dietary recall. Results indicate that variability of exposure is driven mainly by the individual compared with the aggregate variation and that biomarker levels perform fairly accurately in discriminating population-level consumption of fruits and vegetables.
BACKGROUND: There is a need for biomarkers of dietary saturated fatty acids, because several diseases have been related to intake of these fatty acids. OBJECTIVE: To examine the relation between intake of dairy fat and the proportion of pentadecanoic (15:0) and heptadecanoic (17:0) acid in serum and adipose tissue. DESIGN: Healthy men aged 21-55 y provided serum (n = 110) and adipose tissue samples (n = 107) and completed both 14 days weighed records (WR) and a 180-item food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). The proportions of 15:0 and 17:0 acid in serum and adipose tissue as measured by gas liquid chromatography were evaluated as biomarkers for fat intake from dairy products using Pearsons correlation coefficient and the method of triads. RESULTS: The strongest correlation coefficients were observed between total intake of dairy fat estimated from WR and relative content of 15:0 in adipose tissue (0.52, 95% CI: 0.37, 0.65) and total serum (0.43, 95% CI 0.26, 0.57). A consistent inverse association was observed between the intake of milk fat and relative serum content of 17:0. The validity coefficients observed for the intake of dairy fat estimated from weighed records, the 180-item FFQ and by the relative content of 15:0 in serum and adipose tissue were 0.94 (95% CI: 0.68, 1.00), 0.50 (95% CI: 0.29, 0.67), 0.49 (95% CI: 0.32, 0.67) and 0.56 (95% CI: 0.28, 0.82), respectively. CONCLUSION: Relative content of 15:0 in serum and adipose tissue may be a useful biomarker for the intake of total dairy fat, whereas FFQs and WRs may provide better estimates of the intake of fat from milk. 
OBJECTIVE: The aim in this study was to assess the association between individual plasma carotenoid levels (alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, lycopene, beta-cryptoxanthin, lutein, zeaxanthin) and fruit and vegetable intakes recorded by a calibrated food questionnaire (FQ) and 24-h dietary recall records (24HDR) in nine different European countries with diverse populations and widely varying intakes of plant foods. DESIGN: A stratified random subsample of 3089 men and women from nine countries participating in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC), who had provided blood samples and dietary and other lifestyle information between 1992 and 2000, were included. RESULTS: beta-Cryptoxanthin was most strongly correlated with total fruits (FQ r = 0.52, 24HDR r = 0.39), lycopene with tomato and tomato products (FQ r = 0.38, 24HDR r = 0.25), and alpha-carotene with intake of root vegetables (r = 0.39) and of total carrots (r = 0.38) for FQ only. Based on diet measured by FQ and adjusting for possible confounding by body mass index (BMI), age, gender, smoking status, alcohol intake, and energy intake, the strongest predictors of individual plasma carotenoid levels were fruits (R(partial)(2) = 17.2%) for beta-cryptoxanthin, total carrots ((partial)(2) = 13.4%) and root vegetables (R(partial)(2) = 13.3%) for alpha-carotene, and tomato products (R(partial)(2) = 13.8%) for lycopene. For 24HDR, the highest R(partial)(2) was for fruits in relation to beta-cryptoxanthin (7.9%). CONCLUSIONS: Intakes of specific fruits and vegetables as measured by food questionnaires are good predictors of certain individual plasma carotenoid levels in our multicentre European study. At individual subject levels, FQ measurements of fruits, root vegetables and carrots, and tomato products are, respectively, good predictors of beta-cryptoxanthin, alpha-carotene, and lycopene in plasma. 
OBJECTIVE: Caffeine increases cortisol secretion in people at rest or undergoing mental stress. It is not known whether tolerance develops in this response with daily intake of caffeine in the diet. We therefore tested the cortisol response to caffeine challenge after controlled levels of caffeine intake. METHODS: Men (N = 48) and women (N = 48) completed a double-blind, crossover trial conducted over 4 weeks. On each week, subjects abstained for 5 days from dietary caffeine and instead took capsules totaling 0 mg, 300 mg, and 600 mg/day in 3 divided doses. On day 6, they took capsules with either 0 mg or 250 mg at 9:00 AM, 1:00 PM, and 6:00 PM, and cortisol was sampled from saliva collected at 8 times from 7:30 AM to 7:00 PM. RESULTS: After 5 days of caffeine abstinence, caffeine challenge doses caused a robust increase in cortisol across the test day (p < .0001). In contrast, 5 days of caffeine intake at 300 mg/day and 600 mg/day abolished the cortisol response to the initial 9:00 AM caffeine dose, although cortisol levels were again elevated between 1:00 PM and 7:00 PM (p = .02 to .002) after the second caffeine dose taken at 1:00 PM. Cortisol levels declined to control levels during the evening sampling period. CONCLUSION: Cortisol responses to caffeine are reduced, but not eliminated, in healthy young men and women who consume caffeine on a daily basis. 
BACKGROUND: The relationship between coronary risk score (CRS), individual coronary risk factors and the serum inflammatory markers, high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), ceruloplasmin (Cp), and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1) was studied in 140 Saudi males without clinically evident coronary heart disease (CHD). METHODS: One hundred forty subjects without clinically evident CHD were categorized into age tertiles. Demographic data together with an estimate of CRS using Framingham and PROCAM algorithms were obtained, and serum lipid profile, glucose, hsCRP, sICAM-1, and Cp were measured. Macronutrient intake was assessed by a questionnaire. The relationship between CRS, biochemical markers and diet was assessed by univariate and multivariate analysis. RESULTS: There was no significant difference in median hsCRP, sICAM-1 or Cp between the age groups. Serum Cp was positively associated with age (r=0.224, p<0.01) and FRS score (r=0.174, p<0.05). Serum sICAM-1 was negatively associated with PROCAM score (r=-0.183, p<0.05). sICAM-1 was positively associated with HDL cholesterol (r=0.36, p<0.0001) among non-diabetics and negatively associated (r=-0.397, p<0.05) among diabetic subjects. Age and dietary intake of saturated fatty acids together explained 7.9% of the variation in serum Cp level in a stepwise multiple regression model. Similarly 6.5% of the variation in serum sICAM-1 level was explained by the total cholesterol/HDL-C ratio. The youngest tertile of the group (<30 y) had the highest dietary intake of energy, fat and saturated fatty acids (p<0.05), and also had a high prevalence of obesity, smoking and sedentary lifestyle. CONCLUSION: We have demonstrated that there is a high prevalence of coronary risk factors and poor dietary intake within a Saudi male population, and that dietary factors are associated with serum sICAM-1 and ceruloplasmin but not hsCRP concentrations in this group. 
3-Nitrotyrosine (NO(2)Tyr) is a potential biomarker of reactive-nitrogen species (RNS) including peroxynitrite. 3-Nitrotyrosine occurs in human plasma in its free and protein-associated forms and is excreted in the urine. Measurement of 3-nitrotyrosine in human plasma is invasive and associated with numerous methodological problems. Recently, we have described an accurate method based on gas chromatography (GC)-tandem mass spectrometry (MS) for circulating 3-nitrotyrosine. The present article describes the extension of this method to urinary 3-nitrotyrosine. The method involves separation of urinary 3-nitrotyrosine from nitrite, nitrate and l-tyrosine by HPLC, preparation of the n-propyl-pentafluoropropionyltrimethylsilyl ether derivatives of endogenous 3-nitrotyrosine and the internal standard 3-nitro-l-[(2)H(3)]tyrosine, and GC-tandem MS quantification in the selected-reaction monitoring mode under negative-ion chemical ionization conditions. In urine of ten apparently healthy volunteers (years of age, 36.5+/-7.2) 3-nitrotyrosine levels were determined to be 8.4+/-10.4 nM (range, 1.6-33.2 nM) or 0.46+/-0.49 nmol/mmol creatinine (range, 0.05-1.30 nmol/mmol creatinine). The present GC-tandem MS method provides accurate values of 3-nitrotyrosine in human urine at the basal state. After oral intake of 3-nitro-l-tyrosine by a healthy volunteer (27.6 microg/kg body weight) 3-nitro-l-tyrosine appeared rapidly in the urine and was excreted following a biphasic pharmacokinetic profile. Approximately one third of administered 3-nitro-l-tyrosine was excreted within the first 8 h. The suitability of the non-invasive measurement of urinary 3-nitrotyrosine as a method of assessment of oxidative stress in humans remains to be established.
BACKGROUND: Small increases in zinc (Zn) consumption above recommended amounts have been shown to reduce copper (Cu) status in experimental animals and humans. Recently, we have reported that copper chaperone for Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase (CCS) protein level is increased in tissues of overtly Cu-deficient rats and proposed CCS as a novel biomarker of Cu status. METHODS: Weanling male Wistar rats were fed one of four diets normal in Cu and containing normal (30 mg Zn/kg diet) or moderately high (60, 120 or 240 mg Zn/kg diet) amounts of Zn for 5 weeks. To begin to examine the clinical relevance of CCS, we compared the sensitivity of CCS to mild Cu deficiency, induced by moderately high intakes of Zn, with conventional indices of Cu status. RESULTS: Liver and erythrocyte CCS expression was significantly (P < 0.05) increased in rats fed the Zn-60 and/or Zn-120 diet compared to rats fed normal levels of Zn (Zn-30). Erythrocyte CCS expression was the most sensitive measure of reduced Cu status and was able to detect a decrease in Cu nutriture in rats fed only twice the recommended amount of Zn. Liver, erythrocyte and white blood cell CCS expression showed a significant (P < 0.05) inverse correlation with plasma and liver Cu concentrations and caeruloplasmin activity. Unexpectedly, rats fed the highest level of Zn (Zn-240) showed overall better Cu status than rats fed a lower level of elevated Zn (Zn-120). Improved Cu status in these rats correlated with increased duodenal mRNA expression of several Zn-trafficking proteins (i.e. MT-1, ZnT-1, ZnT-2 and ZnT-4). CONCLUSION: Collectively, these data show that CCS is a sensitive measure of Zn-induced mild Cu deficiency and demonstrate a dose-dependent biphasic response for reduced Cu status by moderately high intakes of Zn. 
BACKGROUND: Consumption of plant foods and dairy and meat products may moderate increases in blood pressure. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to evaluate associations of dietary intake with the 15-y incidence of elevated blood pressure (EBP; ie, incident systolic BP >or= 130 mm Hg, diastolic BP >or= 85 mm Hg, or use of antihypertensive medication). DESIGN: Proportional hazards regression was used to evaluate relations of dietary intake at years 0 and 7 with the 15-y incidence of EBP in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study of 4304 participants aged 18-30 y at baseline. RESULTS: EBP incidence varied from 12% in white women to 33% in black men. Plant food intake (whole grains, refined grains, fruit, vegetables, nuts, or legumes) was inversely related to EBP after adjustment for age, sex, race, center, energy intake, cardiovascular disease risk factors, and other potential confounding factors. Compared with quintile 1, the relative hazards of EBP for quintiles 2-5 of plant food intake were 0.83 (95% CI: 0.68, 1.01), 0.83 (0.67, 1.02), 0.82 (0.65, 1.03), and 0.64 (0.53, 0.90), respectively; P for trend = 0.01. Dairy intake was not related to EBP (P for trend = 0.06), and positive dose-response relations for EBP were observed across increasing quintiles of meat intake (P for trend = 0.004). In subgroup analyses, risk of EBP was positively associated with red and processed meat intake, whereas it was inversely associated with intakes of whole grain, fruit, nuts, and milk. Adjustment for intermediary factors in the causal pathway attenuated these relations. CONCLUSION: These findings are consistent with a beneficial effect of plant food intake and an adverse effect of meat intake on blood pressure. 
Nuts and seeds are rich in unsaturated fat and other nutrients that may reduce inflammation. Frequent nut consumption is associated with lower risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The authors examined associations between nut and seed consumption and C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, and fibrinogen in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis. This 2000 cross-sectional analysis included 6,080 US participants aged 45-84 years with adequate information on diet and biomarkers. Nut and seed consumption was categorized as never/rare, less than once/week, 1-4 times/week, and five or more times/week. After adjustment for age, gender, race/ethnicity, site, education, income, smoking, physical activity, use of fish oil supplements, and other dietary factors, mean biomarker levels in categories of increasing consumption were as follows: C-reactive protein-1.98, 1.97, 1.80, and 1.72 mg/liter; interleukin-6-1.25, 1.24, 1.21, and 1.15 pg/ml; and fibrinogen-343, 338, 338, and 331 mg/dl (all p's for trend < 0.01). Further adjustment for hypertension, diabetes, medication use, and lipid levels yielded similar results. Additional adjustment for body mass index moderately attenuated the magnitude of the associations, yielding borderline statistical significance. Associations of nut and seed consumption with these biomarkers were not modified by body mass index, waist:hip ratio, or race/ethnicity. Frequent nut and seed consumption was associated with lower levels of inflammatory markers, which may partially explain the inverse association of nut consumption with cardiovascular disease and diabetes risk.
BACKGROUND: Findings from epidemiological studies suggest an inverse relationship between individuals' protein intake and their blood pressure. METHODS: Cross-sectional epidemiological study of 4680 persons, aged 40 to 59 years, from 4 countries. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure was measured 8 times at 4 visits. Dietary intake based on 24-hour dietary recalls was recorded 4 times. Information on dietary supplements was noted. Two 24-hour urine samples were obtained per person. RESULTS: There was a significant inverse relationship between vegetable protein intake and blood pressure. After adjusting for confounders, blood pressure differences associated with higher vegetable protein intake of 2.8% kilocalories were -2.14 mm Hg systolic and -1.35 mm Hg diastolic (P<.001 for both); after further adjustment for height and weight, these differences were -1.11 mm Hg systolic (P<.01) and -0.71 mm Hg diastolic (P<.05). For animal protein intake, significant positive blood pressure differences did not persist after adjusting for height and weight. For total protein intake (which had a significant interaction with sex), there was no significant association with blood pressure in women, nor in men after adjusting for dietary confounders. There were significant differences in the amino acid content of the diets of persons with high vegetable and low animal protein intake vs the diets of persons with low vegetable and high animal protein intake. CONCLUSIONS: Vegetable protein intake was inversely related to blood pressure. This finding is consistent with recommendations that a diet high in vegetable products be part of healthy lifestyle for prevention of high blood pressure and related diseases. 
PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review compares fatty acid biomarkers to assess compliance in dietary intervention trials with their application in epidemiological studies. RECENT FINDINGS: Although many studies have used fatty acid biomarkers to assess compliance in short-term dietary intervention trials and habitual diets in observational studies, there is little information on the reliability and comparability of these measures. In this review, we summarize the usefulness and limitations of fatty acid biomarkers in clinical and epidemiological studies. As there are very few recent publications in this area, a complete literature review is provided. SUMMARY: Several options are available for the biological assessment of dietary fatty acids. The type of study (short or long-term), the metabolic characteristics and expected variability in the fatty acids of interest are major considerations when determining which tissues reflect a better measure of true intake. Certain fatty acids may not be suitable to assess differences in intake under non-isocaloric conditions and when trying to identify small differences. Serum cholesterol ester is the most suitable serum fraction to assess short-term dietary compliance, but given the multiple factors that affect response, the quantification of compliance should be interpreted with caution. Adipose tissue is the biomarker of choice for long-term intake, but a preferred blood constituent (plasma versus erythrocytes) is difficult to establish given the data available to date. Future studies should explore the use of whole blood as an alternative choice to measure fatty acid intake in epidemiological studies. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reliability and validity of a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and database designed to quantify phytoestrogen consumption. METHODS: This study included 195 members of the California Teachers Study (CTS) cohort who, over a 10-month period, completed four 24-h dietary recalls, a pre- and post-study FFQ, and provided two 24-h urine specimens. Participants (n = 106) in a parallel study (and 18 women who dropped out of the long-term study) completed a single recall and FFQ, and provided one 24-h urine specimen. Urinary phytoestrogens were determined using liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. Reliability and validity were evaluated using Shrout-Fleiss intraclass correlations and energy-adjusted deattenuated Pearson correlations, respectively. RESULTS: Correlations reflecting the reproducibility of the FFQ phytoestrogen assessment ranged from 0.67 to 0.81. Validity correlations (FFQ compared to dietary recalls) ranged from 0.67 to 0.79 for the major phytoestrogenic compounds (i.e., daidzein, genistein, and secoisolariciresinol) and 0.43 to 0.54 for the less common compounds. Compared to urinary levels, validity correlations ranged from 0.41 to 0.55 for the isoflavones and 0.16 to 0.21 for total lignans. CONCLUSION: Our isoflavone assessment is reproducible, valid, and an excellent tool for evaluating the relationship with disease risk in non-Asian populations. Further research is needed before these tools can accurately be used to assess lignan consumption. 
BACKGROUND: Tea consumption has been inversely related to the risk of cardiovascular disease, but the mechanism behind this cardioprotective role is not fully understood. In vitro and animal model studies suggest an anti-oxidative and/or anti-inflammatory role. We aimed at investigating the association between tea drinking and indicators of low-grade inflammation in humans. METHODS: We used observational data from 1031 healthy men participating in a larger cross-sectional study (BELSTRESS). Tea consumption was determined according to a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Blood samples were analysed for C-reactive protein (CRP), serum amyloid A (SAA), serum haptoglobin and plasma fibrinogen. RESULTS: Of all participants, 22% consumed tea regularly while 10% drank more than two cups per day. Tea drinkers were less obese, smoked less and drank less alcohol and coffee. CRP, SAA and haptoglobin were significantly associated with tea consumption, the effect being graded for SAA. Multivariate analysis did confirm the independence of the observed beneficial role of tea drinking. Fibrinogen levels were however not different between habitual tea consumers and non-consumers. Coffee drinking proved unrelated to chronic inflammation. CONCLUSION: Tea drinking might be of interest in reducing the inflammatory process underlying cardiovascular disease. In light of the fact that tea is the most consumed beverage in the world after water, our findings might be of importance from a public health perspective. 
OBJECTIVES: To validate a new questionnaire evaluating nocturia, nocturnal enuresis and sleep-interruptions in an elderly population of men and women in Denmark. METHODS: The Nocturia, Nocturnal Enuresis and Sleep-interruption Questionnaire (NNES-Q) emerged from review of the literature and expert consensus. The questionnaire was a subset of a larger questionnaire comprising several domains on health status and voiding. Convergent and discriminatory validity was assessed in an unselected population of 2000 men and 2000 women 60-80 years old. To test reproducibility, 400 respondents were mailed a separate questionnaire 2 weeks apart. A subgroup of men and women with and without nocturia was used for evaluating reliability of number of nocturia episodes. RESULTS: A total of 2825 (70.6%) filled in the questionnaire. A decrease in health status was correlated with increasing bother (range: -0.25 to -0.36, p<0.001, Spearman's r). These findings indicate acceptable convergent validity. Significant discriminatory validity was proven in separate groups of symptom severity (p<0.0001, Kruskal-Wallis test). Median kappa was 0.70 (range 0.58-0.86) indicating substantial agreement in the retest analysis. Number of nocturia episodes in questionnaires correlated with frequency volume charts (Spearman's rho 0.88; p<0.001). CONCLUSION: These data support that the NNES-Q has a good discriminatory and convergent validity, and is reliable over time. The NNES-Q may be useful in epidemiological studies and may also have a potential in daily clinical work up in patients with nocturia and nocturnal enuresis. 
OBJECTIVE: It is unclear why some patients with cystic fibrosis (CF) succeed ("responders") in recovering from malnutrition and growth faltering after treatment initiation whereas others fail to do so ("nonresponders"). We conducted a study to test the hypothesis that sustained high energy intake (increased EN) and normal plasma essential fatty acid status are critical determinants of treatment responsiveness within 2 years after diagnosis of CF. METHODS: A total of 71 CF children who had pancreatic insufficiency but not meconium ileus and were enrolled in the Wisconsin CF Neonatal Screening Project were studied. Responders were defined by having achieved adequate weight gain, as indicated by a recovery of weight z score (Wtz) comparable to Wtz at birth (WtzBR) within 2 years of diagnosis. Increased EN and sustained normal plasma linoleic acid level (increased pLA) were defined by achieving energy intake > or =120% of estimated requirement for > or =75% of the time and maintaining plasma LA > or =26% of total fatty acids for > or =75% of the time, respectively. RESULTS: Thirty-two (68%) screened patients and 13 (54%) patients whose CF was diagnosed conventionally recovered WtzBR within 2 years of diagnosis. Screened patients responded at significantly younger ages (mean/median: 6.3/4.3 months) than patients whose CF was diagnosed conventionally (mean/median: 15.8/11.8 months). Proportionately fewer screened patients (33%) achieved increased EN compared with patients whose CF was diagnosed conventionally (73%). However, more screened patients responded to increased EN and recovered WtzBR (91%) than patients whose CF was diagnosed conventionally (56%), although this difference was of borderline significance. Compared with having neither increased EN nor increased pLA, the likelihood of being a responder was greatest with combined increased EN and increased pLA, followed by increased EN only. The positive associations between increased EN and increased pLA to treatment responsiveness remained significant after adjustment for neonatal screening status, baseline height and weight status, and indices of pulmonary disease severity. CONCLUSION: Increased EN and increased pLA are critical in promoting adequate weight gain in children with newly diagnosed CF. 
OBJECTIVE: Serum lipids, blood pressure and body mass may mediate the U-shaped relationship of alcohol consumption with type 2 diabetes mellitus and coronary heart disease. This study examines the cross-sectional and long-term longitudinal relationships of (changes in) alcohol consumption with (changes in) serum lipids, blood pressure and body mass indices. METHOD: In this prospective, observational cohort study, two measurements of alcohol consumption, serum total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, blood pressure, body weight, the thickness of four skinfolds and waist circumference were performed 4 years apart in healthy volunteers (143 men and 174 women, 32 years old at the first measurement). Alcohol consumption from beer, wine and distilled spirits was assessed using an extensive dietary history interview. Linear regression analyses were performed to study the cross-sectional relationships between the amount of alcohol consumed at the age of 32 years and the levels of the lipids, blood pressure and body weight indices, and to study the longitudinal relationships between the changes in the amount of alcohol consumed over the 4 years of follow-up and the concurrent changes in the lipids, blood pressure and body weight indices. Nonlinearity was investigated for the cross-sectional relationships. RESULTS: A 10-g/day difference in alcohol consumption was positively related with a 0.05 mmol/L (1.9 mg/dl) difference in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in both cross-sectional (p = .004), and longitudinal (p < .0001) analyses. This relationship did not differ for men and women or for the consumption of beer, wine or distilled spirits. Relationships with changes in total cholesterol, triglycerides, systolic, diastolic, and pulse pressure, body weight and the sum of four skinfolds were not significant. A borderline significant inverse longitudinal relationship was found with waist circumference. The other lifestyle behaviors (tobacco smoking, physical activity and dietary habits) were major confounders of most cross-sectional relationships between alcohol and serum lipids, blood pressure and body mass indices. The longitudinal relationships, however, were not confounded by changes in the other lifestyle behaviors. A significant nonlinear relationship was found for systolic blood pressure, in which drinkers of about 30 g/day had the lowest values. CONCLUSIONS: Moderate alcohol consumption and moderate long-term changes in alcohol consumption are positively related with the levels and changes in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in healthy adult men and women. A moderate inverse association between alcohol and waist circumference may be expected. No relationships were found with triglycerides, blood pressure, body weight and the sum of the thickness of four skinfolds. Other lifestyle behaviors confound the cross-sectional, but not the longitudinal, relationships between alcohol consumption and serum lipids, blood pressure and body mass indices. Gender and type of beverage do not modify the relationships between alcohol consumption and these indices. 
BACKGROUND: A pilot study was carried out to evaluate validity and reproducibility of a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ), which was designed to be used in a prospective cohort study in a population at high risk for esophageal cancer in northern Iran. METHODS: The FFQ was administered four times to 131 subjects, aged 35-65 years, of both sexes. Twelve 24-h dietary recalls for two consecutive days were administered monthly during 1 year and used as a reference method. The excretion of nitrogen was measured on four 24-h urine samples, and plasma levels of beta-carotene, retinol, vitamin C and alpha-tocopherol was measured from two time points. Relative validity of FFQ and 24-h diet recall was assessed by comparing nutrient intake derived from both methods with the urinary nitrogen and plasma levels of beta-carotene, retinol, vitamin C and alpha-tocopherol. RESULTS: Correlation coefficients comparing energy and nutrients intake based on the mean of the four FFQ and the mean of twelve 24-h diet recalls were 0.75 for total energy, 0.75 for carbohydrates, 0.76 for proteins and 0.65 for fat. Correlation coefficients between the FFQ-based intake and serum levels of beta-carotene, retinol, vitamin C and vitamin E/alpha-tocopherol were 0.37, 0.32, 0.35 and 0.06, respectively. Correlation coefficients between urinary nitrogen and FFQ-based protein intake ranged from 0.23 to 0.35. Intraclass correlation coefficients used to measure reproducibility of FFQ ranged from 0.66 to 0.89. CONCLUSION: We found that the FFQ provides valid and reliable measurements of habitual intake for energy and most of the nutrients studied. 
BACKGROUND: The utility of fatty acids (FAs) as biomarkers of total fat intake is unknown. OBJECTIVE: We compared FA changes in red cells (RCs), plasma phospholipids (PLs), and cholesterol esters (CEs) in response to a low-fat diet (LFD) and a moderate-fat diet (MFD) and assessed whether individual or combination of FAs predict LFD. DESIGN: Postmenopausal women (n = 66) were randomly assigned to receive an LFD (17% of energy from fat) or an MFD (34% of energy from fat) for 6 wk. All foods were provided. FAs in diets and blood were determined by gas-liquid chromatography. FA changes between baseline and end of study were compared across diets by using t tests. FA predictors of an LFD were selected by logistic regression. RESULTS: Many FAs in RCs, PLs, and CEs responded differently to the 2 diets. Changes from baseline with an LFD for palmitic acid (16:0) (3-11% increase), behenic (22:0) and lignoceric (24:0) acids (3-20% decrease, in RCs and PLs only), cis-monounsaturated FA (MUFA) (25-35% increase), linoleic acid (18:2n-6) (11-13% decrease), trans octadecanoic acids (trans 18:1) (7-20% decrease), and n-6 highly unsaturated FA (HUFA) (2-8% increase) were significantly different from changes with an MFD. Individually, 18:2n-6 and trans 18:1 were strong predictors of an LFD [receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves: 0.92-0.80). A logistic regression model with trans 18:1, 18:2n-6, and vaccenic acid (18:1n-7) predicted an LFD with high specificity and sensitivity (ROC curves: 0.99). CONCLUSIONS: Saturated FA, cisMUFA, n-6 HUFA, and exogenous FAs greatly differed in their response to the LFD and MFD. Parallel responses were observed in RCs, PLs, and CEs. A model with a combination of FAs almost perfectly differentiated the consumption of 34% fat from that of 17% fat. 
Previous studies indicate that acupuncture or electroacupuncture (EA) treatment reduces body weight and food intake in rats by increasing the level of anoretic peptides and decreasing that of orexigenic peptides in the hypothalamus. Considering a well-established role of leptin as a major regulator for feeding behavior in the hypothalamus, we hypothesized that EA might exert its effect via increasing serum leptin levels. In this study, we tested our hypothesis by evaluating the effects of EA on food intake and body weight, as well as on serum leptin levels in rats. Rats were randomly divided into 3 groups: AL (fed ad libitum with no treatments), Holder (fed ad libitum with daily holder restraint) and EA (fed ad libitum with daily holder restraint and 100 Hz EA stimulation) groups. During the four-week experimental period, daily food intake and body weight were measured. At the end of the experiment, levels of serum leptin and corticosterone, and plasma epinephrine (Epi) and norepinephrine (NE) were determined. Here we demonstrate that EA treatment indeed led to reduction of food intake and body weight, and to an increase of serum leptin levels. The level of Epi, NE, and corticosterone increased in the Holder group, but such increase in the level of aforementioned stress hormones was not observed in the EA group. Overall, our results suggest that EA treatment reduces food intake and body weight in rats possibly through increasing leptin levels, and that this effect of EA is not due to the stress caused by the daily holder restraint.
The importance of a high fat intake in the increasing prevalence of childhood and adult obesity remains controversial. Moreover, qualitative changes (i.e. the fatty acid composition of fats) have been largely disregarded. Herein is reviewed the role of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) of the n-6 series in promoting adipogenesis in vitro and favouring adipose tissue development in rodents during the gestation/suckling period. Epidemiological data from infant studies as well as the assessment of the fatty acid composition of mature breast milk and infant formulas over the last decades in the Western industrialized world are revisited and appear consistent with animal data. Changes over decades in the intake of n-6 and n-3 PUFAs, with a striking increase in the linoleic acid/alpha-linolenic ratio, are observed. In adults, using a consumption model based upon production data, similar changes in the PUFA content of ingested lipids have been found for France, and are associated with an increase of fat consumption over the last 40 years. These profound quantitative and qualitative alterations can be traced in the food chain and shown to be due to changes in human dietary habits as well as in the feeding pattern of breeding stock. If prevention of obesity is a key issue for future generations, agricultural and food industry policies should be thoroughly reevaluated.
The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of consuming sweet cherries on plasma lipids and markers of inflammation in healthy humans. Healthy men and women (n = 18) supplemented their diets with Bing sweet cherries (280 g/d) for 28 d. After a 12-h fast, blood samples were taken before the start of cherry consumption (study d 0 and 7), 14 and 28 d after the start of cherry supplementation (study d 21 and 35), and 28 d after the discontinuation (study d 64) of cherry consumption. After cherries were consumed for 28 d, circulating concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP), regulated upon activation, normal T-cell expressed, and secreted (RANTES), and NO decreased by 25 (P < 0.05), 21 (P < 0.05), and 18% (P = 0.07) respectively. After the discontinuation of cherry consumption for 28 d (d 64), concentrations of RANTES continued to decrease (P = 0.001), whereas those of CRP and NO did not differ from either d 7 (pre-cherries) or d 35 (post-cherries). Plasma concentrations of IL-6 and its soluble receptor, intercellular adhesion molecule-1, and tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinases-2 did not change during the study. Cherry consumption did not affect the plasma concentrations of total-, HDL-, LDL-, and VLDL- cholesterol, triglycerides, subfractions of HDL, LDL, VLDL, and their particle sizes and numbers. It also did not affect fasting blood glucose or insulin concentrations or a number of other chemical and hematological variables. Results of the present study suggest a selective modulatory effect of sweet cherries on CRP, NO, and RANTES. Such anti-inflammatory effects may be beneficial for the management and prevention of inflammatory diseases.
Lutein, a dihydroxycarotenoid, has antioxidant and immunomodulatory potential. Two 2 x 2 x 2 factorial designs examined effects of carotenoids during in ovo embryogenesis and, in the diet posthatch, on the systemic inflammatory response to lipopolysaccharide (LPS). In both trials, breeder hens were fed a carotenoid-replete (40 mg lutein/kg) or a carotenoid-deplete diet, eggs were collected, and chicks were hatched from carotenoid-deplete or carotenoid-replete eggs. Meat-type chicks (n = 160 and n = 144, respectively) were then fed diets containing 0 or 40 mg lutein/kg diet and either injected or not injected with LPS. LPS injection increased plasma haptoglobin and Zn (P < 0.01) and reduced plasma Fe and Cu (P < 0.01). Chicks hatched from carotenoid-deplete eggs had greater changes in plasma Fe and S post-LPS than chicks hatched from carotenoid-replete eggs (P < 0.05 for each). Compared with chicks fed 40 mg lutein/kg diet, chicks fed 0 mg lutein had greater body weight losses and higher plasma haptoglobin and relative thymus, bursa, and spleen weights post-LPS (P < 0.05). Data suggest that a lack of carotenoid exposure, either in ovo or posthatch, increases parameters of systemic inflammation.
BACKGROUND: Inflammation contributes to atherogenesis. Dietary fats may be proinflammatory. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine whether energy intake modulates the effects of low-fat, high-carbohydrate intakes on inflammatory markers. DESIGN: Twenty-two healthy postmenopausal women with a mean (+/-SD) age of 61 +/- 11 y, who were not receiving hormone replacement therapy, were fed eucaloric diets to reduce their fat intake from 35% to 15% of energy. Next, the women consumed a 15%-fat ad libitum diet under free-living conditions. Serum highly sensitive C-reactive protein, interleukin 6, HDL serum amyloid A, and adiponectin concentrations were measured at the end of the eucaloric and ad libitum low-fat, high-carbohydrate intakes. RESULTS: The eucaloric diet decreased adiponectin from 16.3 +/- 2.1 to 14.2 +/- 2.0 mg/L (P < 0.05) and increased triacylglycerol from 131 +/- 11 to 164 +/- 14 mg/dL (P < 0.01). The ad libitum low-fat diet caused 6 kg weight loss and decreased highly sensitive C-reactive protein from 4.3 +/- 0.6 to 2.5 +/- 0.5 mg/L (P < 0.01), decreased HDL serum amyloid A from 10.3 +/- 1.8 to 5.7 +/- 1.3 mg/L (P < 0.001), increased adiponectin from 14.2 +/- 2.0 to 16.3 +/- 1.7 mg/L (P < 0.05), and decreased triacylglycerol from 164 +/- 14 to 137 +/- 15 mg/dL (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: During the eucaloric phase, the low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet exerted unfavorable effects on the inflammatory markers. In contrast, the ad libitum low-fat, high-carbohydrate intake caused weight loss and affected inflammatory markers favorably. Thus, the energy content of a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet determines changes in inflammatory markers. 
BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic studies of choline and betaine intakes have been sparse because a food-composition database was not available until recently. The physiologic relevance of a variation in dietary choline and betaine in the general population and the validity of intake assessed by food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) have not been evaluated. OBJECTIVE: This study was conducted to examine the physiologic relevance and validity of choline and betaine intakes measured by an FFQ. DESIGN: We examined the relations between choline and betaine intakes measured by FFQ and plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) concentrations in 1960 participants from the Framingham Offspring Study. RESULTS: Higher intakes of dietary choline and betaine were related to lower tHcy concentrations independent of other determinants, including folate and other B vitamins. For the lowest and highest quintiles of dietary choline plus betaine, the multivariate geometric means for tHcy were 10.9 and 9.9 mumol/L (P for trend < 0.0001). The inverse association was manifested primarily in participants with low folate intakes (P for interaction < 0.0001). Among participants with folate intakes < or =250 microg/d, the geometric mean tHcy concentrations in the lowest and highest quintiles of choline plus betaine intakes were 12.4 and 10.2 micromol/L (P for trend < 0.0001). Except for choline from phosphatidylcholine, individual forms of choline were inversely associated with tHcy concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings provide support for a physiologically important variation in choline and betaine intakes in the general population and for the validity of intake measured by FFQ. 
Twenty-four-hour urinary nitrogen (UN) is commonly used to validate dietary assessment methods. Potassium is more widespread in food than nitrogen, but the role of 24-h urinary potassium (UK) as a biomarker has been less studied and characterized. To investigate the performance of UK as a recovery biomarker compared with UN in subjects consuming their normal diet, 7 males and 6 females consumed known amounts of food based on their habitual varying diet (assessed beforehand from 4 consecutive 7-d food diaries) for 30 d in a metabolic suite. All daily urine samples and dietary duplicates were collected, and N and K were measured. Stool K was determined in 5-d pooled samples. Thirty-day mean analyzed K intake was 121.3 +/- 25.1 (mean +/- SD) mmol/d. Overall, 77 +/- 6.7% of K in the diet was excreted in urine and 18 +/- 5% in stool. Dietary K was correlated with UK (r = 0.89; P < 0.001). UN was 77.7 +/- 6.6% of N intake and was correlated with N in the diet (r = 0.87; P < 0.001). When 16 d of intake and 8 d of urine-collection measurements were randomly selected from the 30-d measurements, correlations were significant for both K (r = 0.86; P < 0.001) and N (r = 0.92; P < 0.001). The high correlations between UK and K in the diet show that UK is a reliable recovery biomarker for use in studies of dietary measurement error. Factors for use of urinary N as a recovery biomarker are also confirmed.
Obese subjects have lower basal and an attenuated decrease of postprandial plasma ghrelin following carbohydrate-rich meals, while the response to protein is unknown. Therefore, plasma ghrelin levels were examined after ingestion of satiating amounts of a protein- or carbohydrate-rich meal in relation to food and energy intake and hunger/satiety ratings in 30 obese subjects followed 240 min later by ad lib sandwiches. Food intake and hunger/satiety ratings were identical while energy intake was significantly greater after bread (861 +/- 62.7 vs. 441 +/- 50.4 kcal, p < 0.001). Second meal food and energy intake were not different. Ghrelin decreased after bread, but increased by 50 pg/ml (p < 0.001) after meat. The corresponding increase of insulin was 55 vs. 9 microU/ml (p < 0.001). Glycerol levels decreased significantly less after the protein meal compared to carbohydrates. After protein glycerol was significantly correlated to the rise of ghrelin but not insulin. These data demonstrate that, in obese subjects, protein has no different satiating effect than carbohydrate despite divergent ghrelin levels. Energy intake corresponds to energy density of the respective food items. Ghrelin response to both meals is qualitatively similar but quantitatively attenuated compared to normal weight subjects. The relationship between ghrelin and glycerol would support recent observations of a possible role of ghrelin in fat metabolism.
Diet and lifestyle factors, body size, and smoking behavior may influence estrogen metabolism, but the nature of these relations may vary according to race/ethnic groups. We evaluated the association of lifestyle factors with estrogen metabolites 2-hydroxyestrone (2-OHE1) and 16alpha-hydroxyestrone (16alpha-OHE1) in a racially diverse population. With a cross-sectional study design, urine samples from 1881 African-American, Caucasian, Chinese, Japanese, and Hispanic women, aged 42-52 y, from the Study of Women's Health Across the Nation (SWAN) were assayed by EIA for 2-OHE1 and 16alpha-OHE1. Dietary factors and beverages were measured using a modified Block FFQ. Dietary fiber, vegetable and fruit servings, Brassica vegetables, polyphenols, coffee, caffeine, green and black tea, and total alcohol and wine were related to metabolite values using multiple variable regression analyses. In adjusted analyses, 2-OHE1 concentrations were significantly associated with race/ethnicity, weight, smoking, and consumption of hydroxybenzoic acid, anthocyanidins, wine, and caffeine (P < 0.05). Regression models incorporating these variables explained 19-20% of the variation in 2-OHE1 concentrations. Regression models for 16alpha-OHE1, which explained 16-17% of the variability, included race/ethnicity, smoking, caffeine, total dietary fiber, and fiber from fruits and vegetables as variables. These associations may reflect why increased consumption of polyphenol-containing foods and fruit as well as decreased smoking, caffeine intake, and body size would be consistent with hypothesized benefits and risks for selected health outcomes.
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to compare an educational approach based on the Stages of Change Model with usual care education in reducing dietary fat intake and serum lipids in individuals with hyperlipidemia. DESIGN: A 40-week randomized control study was conducted. Four education sessions were provided on an outpatient basis during a 1-month period with follow-up every 6 weeks. PARTICIPANTS: The sample consisted of 141 men and women with hyperlipidemia (mean age 50+/-11 years and a mean body mass index of 30+/-6) randomly assigned to one of two education interventions. INTERVENTION: The stages of change group was provided with tailored dietary activities based on their readiness to change to reduce dietary fat intake. Dietary information and activities for the usual care program were developed for those individuals ready to make a change in their diets. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Serum lipids, anthropometric measures, readiness to change, dietary intake, and exercise data were assessed at baseline, 4, 16, 28, and 40 weeks. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: A repeated measures analysis of variance was used to compare differences between groups across time. RESULTS: Total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and body weight decreased significantly at 4 weeks (P<0.05) for both groups and were sustained over time, with no differences between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: The stages of change education approach was not more effective than the usual care education approach in decreasing dietary fat intake and serum lipids in a classroom setting. 
The functional consequences of the G80A RFC SNP on the expressed reduced folate carrier protein were evaluated by looking at the relationship between intake of folate, plasma folate and cellular stores of the vitamin. The effect on homocysteine was also examined. Homocysteine is a thiol that is known to be inversely associated with folate, and which is considered to be both thrombo- and athrogenic. At high levels, homocysteine may also interfere with nitric oxide mediated vasodilation, cause oxidative injury to, and proliferation of the vascular endothelium, and alter the elastic properties of the vascular wall, contributing to increased blood pressure. Participants (119; 52 male, 67 female) from a NSW retirement village were assessed. Independent of gender, the assimilation of folate from dietary sources into red cells showed a significant association for GG (r=0.399; p=0.022) and GA (r=0.564; p<0.0001) subjects, but not homozygous recessive (AA) individuals (r=0.223; p=0.236). The same genotype based pattern of significance was shown for the association between dietary folate and plasma folate (GG: r=0.524; p=0.002, GA: r=0.408; p=0.002). No genotype-related pattern of significance was shown for the association between dietary folate and homocysteine. When examined by gender, some differences were apparent; one-way ANOVA showed that genotype influenced diastolic blood pressure in males (p=0.019), while only females showed a significant correlation between dietary folate and blood pressure within specific genotypes (Systolic pressure GA: r=-0.372; p=0.025, carriage of A: r=0.-0.357; p=0.011. Diastolic pressure GA: r=-0.355; p=0.034, carriage of A: r=0.-0.310; p=0.029). The G80A RFC SNP had an impact on the absorption and cellular translocation of dietary folate and its association with blood pressure in an elderly population.
BACKGROUND: Inflammation is commonly associated with malnutrition and cardiovascular disease in end-stage renal failure patients. Anti-inflammatory properties of the isoflavones, a micronutrient component of soy, have been reported in several experimental models and disease conditions, but never in renal failure. We hypothesized that dietary soy isoflavones correct laboratory evidence of systemic inflammation in haemodialysis (HD) patients with underlying high blood levels of C-reactive protein (CRP). METHODS: End-stage renal disease patients on chronic HD, with elevated CRP (>10.0 mg/l) were enrolled in this pilot study. The subjects were double-blind randomly distributed with 2 : 1 ratio to receive isoflavone-containing soy-based nutritional supplements (soy group) or isoflavone-free milk protein (control group) for 8 weeks. Serum isoflavone, inflammatory markers and nutrition markers were assessed at baseline and at the end of the treatment. RESULTS: Thirty-two subjects were enrolled. Fifteen subjects in the soy group and 10 in the control group completed the study; five dropouts were due to acute illness and two due to food intolerance. After intervention, blood isoflavone levels were 5- to 10-fold higher in the soy group than in the control group [e.g. median genistein (25-75th percentile): 337.9 (175.5-1007) nM in the soy group vs 41.4 (22.9-100.4) nM in the control group; P < 0.001]. However, the isoflavone levels ranged widely in the soy group (e.g. genistein: 33-1868 nM) and, depending on the individual compound, four to seven subjects had end-of-treatment levels that were not different from baseline. Variation from baseline of the individual serum isoflavone levels (Delta-isoflavone) and CRP displayed a strong inverse correlation in the soy group (R = -0.599, P < 0.02). In addition, Delta-isoflavone correlated positively with the variation of albumin (R = 0.522, P = 0.05) and insulin-like growth factor-1 (R = 0.518, P < 0.05). Group levels of CRP were not statistically different after intervention although a trend towards lower levels was noted in the soy group [18.2 (12.7-29.1) mg/l at baseline vs 9.7 (5.2-20.7) mg/l at week 8; NS] but not in the control group [20.6 (9.2-38.5) vs 17.6 (9.1-40.7) mg/l]. CONCLUSION: These data suggest the possibility of beneficial effects of isoflavone-rich soy foods on the inflammatory and nutritional status of HD patients with underlying systemic inflammation. 
BACKGROUND: Cognitive dietary restraint (perceived ongoing effort to limit dietary intake to manage body weight) is common in women at all life stages. In young women, high dietary restraint has been associated with both increased excretion of cortisol (a stress hormone) and reduced bone mass. Whether this occurs in older women is unknown and is reported here for the first time. METHODS: Postmenopausal women (49-75 years old) with high (n = 41) or low (n = 37) dietary restraint were compared to examine differences in urinary cortisol excretion, body composition assessed by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (bone mineral density, % body fat), dietary intake, anthropometrics, current exercise, and perceived stress. RESULTS: Women with high or low dietary restraint did not differ in age, body mass index, waist-to-hip ratio, energy intake, perceived stress, current exercise, or measures of body composition. However, urinary cortisol excretion was higher in the high restraint group (248.2 +/- 61.7 nmol/d vs 204.3 +/- 66.1 nmol/d; p =.01). Multiple regression analysis indicated that restraint group (high or low) independently predicted 7.6% of the variance in cortisol excretion. CONCLUSIONS: Postmenopausal women with high dietary restraint excrete more cortisol than do those with low restraint, suggesting that dietary restraint may be a source of stress. Although this was not associated with negative health effects in this sample, further investigation is warranted. 
Epidemiological and experimental studies have indicated a relationship among aging, dietary Mg, inflammatory stress, and cardiovascular disease. Our aim in the present study was to investigate possible links between dietary Mg, oxidant stress parameters, and inflammatory status with aging in rats. We designed a long-term study in which rats were fed for 22 months with moderately deficient (150 mg/kg), standard (800 mg/kg), or supplemented (3200 mg/kg) Mg diets. Comparisons were made with young rats fed with the same diets for 1 month. Compared to the standard and supplemented diets, the Mg-deficient diet significantly increased blood pressure, plasma interleukin-6, fibrinogen, and erythrocyte lysophosphatidylcholine, particularly in aging rats, it decreased plasma albumin. The impairment of redox status was indicated by increases in plasma thiobarbituric acid reactive substances and oxysterols and an increased blood susceptibility to in vitro free-radical-induced hemolysis. We concluded that Mg deficiency induced a chronic impairment of redox status associated with inflammation which could significantly contribute to increased oxidized lipids and promote hypertension and vascular disorders with aging. Extrapolating to the human situation and given that Mg deficiency has been reported to be surprisingly common, particularly in the elderly, Mg supplementation might be useful as an adjuvant therapy in preventing cardiovascular disease.
OBJECTIVE: To determine which parameters of body composition or metabolism best correlate with changes in 24 h ghrelin levels following weight loss. DESIGN: A 3-month low-calorie diet followed by 3 months of weight stabilization. SUBJECTS: Twelve overweight and obese adult men and women. MEASUREMENTS: Body composition by underwater weighing, abdominal fat depots, leptin, ghrelin and parameters of insulin and lipid metabolism. RESULTS: Increased 24 h ghrelin levels after weight loss correlated with decreases in body mass index, subcutaneous fat and fat-free mass (FFM), but not with changes in fat mass, fat cell size, leptin, insulin, insulin sensitivity, lipids or free fatty acid levels. The change in FFM correlated with the rise in ghrelin levels independently of body adiposity. DISCUSSION: Alterations in FFM with diet-induced weight loss may play a role in ghrelin regulation. Changes in ghrelin levels could, then, serve as an integrative signal reflecting changes in FFM to hypothalamic centers controlling energy homeostasis. 
OBJECTIVE: To assess the status of dietary folate intake, serum and red blood cell (RBC) folate, and related nutritional biomarkers in healthy Japanese women in early pregnancy. DESIGN: A cross-sectional, observational study. SUBJECTS: Pregnant women in the first trimester, at 7-15 weeks gestation (n=70), who were not consuming any folate supplements or folate fortified foods. METHODS: Three-day dietary records were obtained from each subject to assess dietary folate intake. Blood samples were collected for measurement of biomarkers. Biomarkers and nutrient intake were analyzed in two groups defined by their serum folate concentrations: the low folate group (serum folate < 9 ng/ml) and the high folate group (serum folate > or = 9 ng/ml). RESULT: Mean serum and RBC folate concentrations in all subjects were 10.3 and 519 ng/ml, respectively. These levels were remarkably higher than the reported values from many other countries despite our subjects receiving no folic acids supplements. However, mean folate intake by our subjects from natural foods was 289 microg/day, which is thought to be low according to the Japanese dietary recommendation specified for pregnant women. The intake of spinach and fruits was significantly greater in the high folate group than in the low folate group. CONCLUSION: Folate intake was thought to be adequate to maintain a desirable level of serum folate concentration in Japanese pregnant women in the first trimester, although the intake of folate from natural food was not high enough to meet the recommended daily intake. 
NADH dehydrogenase subunit-2 237 leucine/methionine (ND2-237 Leu/Met) polymorphism is reportedly associated with longevity in the Japanese population. The ND2-237Met genotype may confer resistance to cardiovascular and cerebrovascular atherogenic diseases. Hyperuricemia is one of the risk factors for cardiovascular disease. To investigate whether ND2-237 Leu/Met polymorphism is associated with serum uric acid (SUA) levels, we conducted a cross-sectional study in 321 healthy Japanese male subjects. In nonobese (body mass index, BMI<25) male subjects, interaction between ND2-237 Leu/Met genotypes and drinking frequency on SUA levels was observed (P=0.031). The SUA levels were significantly higher in daily drinkers with ND2-237Leu than in non-daily drinkers with ND2-237Leu (P=0.018). In nonobese men, after adjustment for covariates, daily drinkers with ND2-237Leu had a significantly higher odds ratio (OR) for hyperuricemia (SUA> or =6.5 mg/dl: vs. daily drinkers with ND2-237Met, OR=3.26, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.14-9.29; vs. non-daily drinkers with ND2-237Leu, OR=3.22, 95% CI 1.39-7.45; SUA> or =7.0 mg/dl: vs. non-daily drinkers with ND2-237Met, OR=3.53, 95% CI 1.00-12.4). However, in obese (BMI> or =25) men, no significant interaction between ND2-237 Leu/Met polymorphism and habitual drinking on SUA levels or on the risk for hyperuricemia was observed. These results suggest that ND2-237 Leu/Met polymorphism modulates the effects of daily alcohol consumption on SUA levels in nonobese Japanese men.
Relationships between Se and Hg in erythrocytes, and between these indices and intakes of fish and other foods, were studied as an adjunct to the British National Diet and Nutrition Survey (NDNS) of young people aged 4-18 years. Hg was measured in 965 packed erythrocyte samples by inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry. Fe measurements permitted the calculation of whole-blood Hg. Erythrocyte and plasma Se, and 7 d weighed dietary intake estimates, were available. Erythrocyte Hg was positively skewed, normalised by log-transformation. It was 20 % higher in girls than boys (3.17 v. 2.65 nmol/l, P=0.004), and increased with age in boys but not girls. It was directly and strongly correlated with erythrocyte or plasma Se. Hg and Se concentrations were directly correlated with fish intake. Certain other food groups were also directly correlated with Se and Hg concentrations, but less strongly than for fish. The strength and consistency of the relationship between erythrocyte Hg and Se suggests an important chemical link. Previous studies suggest that Se protects against the toxicity of Hg, and that fish is an important source of both. No toxic levels of Hg were found, which is reassuring because of the known health benefits of fish consumption, especially oily fish. Hg intakes need to be monitored, especially in women of child-bearing age, to ensure that Food Standards Agency guidelines are met.
BACKGROUND AND AIM: As an evaluation of fatty acid intake measurement, our aim was to examine associations between diet and plasma phospholipid (PL) fatty acids, and whether these were modified by age, sex, country of birth, fasting status, use of cholesterol-lowering medication, body size, chronic disease and other lifestyle factors. METHODS AND RESULTS: Cross-sectional analysis of plasma PL fatty acid composition and dietary fatty acid intake over 12 months from a 121-item food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) in 4439 men and women aged 40-69 years, born in Australia, Greece or Italy. Crude correlation coefficients ranged from 0.18 to 0.40; and corrected correlation coefficients from 0.38 to 0.78 for total monounsaturated, polyunsaturated, n-6, n-3 fatty acids, oleic acid, linoleic acid, EPA and DHA. Weaker associations were observed for other fatty acids. The associations did not vary significantly by fasting status, use of lipid lowering medication or alcohol intake, but for some fatty acids did vary by sex, age, body mass index, country of birth, smoking and previous heart attack or diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: The FFQ provides useful information on intakes of mono- and polyunsaturated fatty acids. Correlations did not differ by fasting status, or use of lipid-lowering medication. 
This study gives an insight into tumor metabolic activity by investigating oxygen and glucose content, together with their metabolic products carbon dioxide and acids-pH, in the arterial and venous blood of a tumor. Nineteen patients with gastrointestinal adenocarcinomas undergoing surgery were studied. Biochemical analysis showed that in a large subgroup of tumors, oxygen consumption was reduced while that of glucose was increased in malignant, as compared to normal tissues; these features were more evident in tumors overexpressing lactate dehydrogenase (LDH-5) and hypoxia inducible factors (HIF1alpha/2alpha). An increase in carbon dioxide production in the tumor environment was linked with overexpression of carbonic anhydrase 9 (CA9). The simultaneous overexpression of CA9 and LDH-5 was related to very low pH levels in the veins draining the tumor, suggesting an intense acidification of the tumor microenvironment in such cases. These in vivo data confirm the importance of HIFs and their downstream regulated genes in tumor metabolism, particularly in glycolysis and carbon dioxide buffering.
AIMS: The aim of the study was to further validate three patient-based outcome measures (PBOM) used to assess the outcome of surgery for stress urinary incontinence and to compare their psychometric properties with a view to determining the most appropriate measure for clinical use. METHODS: The work was embedded within a randomized controlled trial of laparoscopic and open colposuspension. The trial recruited 291 women from six centers. The three instruments compared were Bristol Female Lower Urinary Tract Symptom Questionnaire (BFLUTS), Kings Health Questionnaire (KHQ), and the Symptom Severity Index and Symptom Impact Index (SSI/SII). The International Consultation on Incontinence (ICI) ABC grading system of psychometric propertie's reliability, validity, and responsiveness was used to evaluate the instruments. RESULTS: From the analysis of the psychometric properties of the three instruments, the SSI/SII appeared to have the best psychometric profile; Grade A, BFLUTS was of grade A, and KHQ was of grade B. SSI/SII had a good degree of internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha 0.74-0.78). BFLUTS and KHQ both had domains in which the internal consistency was <0.7. The SSI domain of the SSI/SII was the only domain to correlate to the 1-hr pad test. All domains of the SSI/SII were able to distinguish those cured from not cured and it was most responsive to change. Unlike the KHQ, the SSI/SII had no significant ceiling or floor effects. CONCLUSIONS: This study has demonstrated that when instruments are used in different populations their psychometric properties may change. All three instruments analyzed had limitations when used as an outcome measure for surgery for stress urinary incontinence. 
The northern fulmar (Fulmarus glacialis) is an interesting candidate for the study of patterns and levels of halogenated organic contaminants (HOCs) since they accumulate high levels of certain HOCs. In the present study we characterized a suite of established and novel HOCs in northern fulmars breeding on Bjørnøya in the Norwegian Arctic. A comparison between blood and liver HOC levels was made, and the levels were related to the ratios of heavier to lighter stable isotopes of nitrogen (15)N/(14)N (delta(15)N) and carbon (13)C/(12)C (delta(13)C) in muscle. A significant difference in congener patterns between blood and liver was found. The delta(13)C was not related to HOCs, neither in liver nor in blood. Weak correlations were found between delta(15)N and liver HOC levels. The 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin toxic equivalents (TEQs) in northern fulmars were well above thresholds for reproductive effects in seabirds.
BACKGROUND: The influence of supplementing the diet with long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) from fish oil on plasma lipids and lipid peroxides and the production of pro-inflammatory mediators in normolipidaemic and hypercholesterolaemic rats were studied. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Rats were divided into four groups and fed one of the following diets: a control diet (containing 4% corn oil); an n-3 PUFA diet [containing 4% eicospentaenoic (EPA) + docosahexaenoic (DHA)]; a hypercholesterolaemic diet (HCH); or a HCH + n-3 PUFA diet over a 4-week period. Plasma lipids, lipid peroxides, cytokines [tumour necrosis factor (TNF)alpha, interleukin (IL)-6, interferon (IFN)gamma] and mRNA for hepatic nuclear factor-4alpha (HNF4alpha) were determined. RESULTS: Plasma triglyceride (TG), but not cholesterol, levels were decreased by the n-3 PUFA as compared with the control diet (P < 0.001), but the addition of n-3 PUFA to the HCH diet decreased both the TG (P < 0.01) and cholesterol (P < 0.05) concentrations. Plasma lipid peroxides and expression HNF4alpha mRNA were increased by n-3 PUFA in the normolipidaemic (P < 0.05), but not in the hyperlipidaemic rats. Compared with the control diet group, plasma concentrations of TNFalpha and IL-6 were increased in the n-3 PUFA (P < 0.05) and HCH diet (P < 0.05, P < 0.01, respectively) groups, but not in animals given the HCH + n-3 PUFA diet, whereas IFNgamma levels were increased in hypercholesterolaemia (P < 0.05), but were unaffected by n-3 PUFA. CONCLUSION: These results demonstrate that the major effect of fish oil n-3 PUFA is to lower the TG levels in both normo- and hyperlipidaemia. Furthermore, in the hypercholesterolaemic state, fish oil n-3 PUFA induces additional beneficial changes in the immune and peroxidation responses. 
Low dietary intake and limited sun exposure during Dutch winters, in particular when combined with highly pigmented skin, could compromise the vitamin D status of asylum seekers' children in The Netherlands. We determined the vitamin D status of children living in The Netherlands, but originating from Africa, Central Asia, or Eastern Europe. In a subgroup, we reassessed the vitamin D status after the summer, during which the children had been assigned at random to remain unsupplemented or to receive vitamin D supplementation. In total 112 children (median age 7.1 yr, range 2-12 yr) were assessed for serum concentrations of 25-Hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D], intact parathyroid hormone (I-PTH) and plasma alkaline phosphatase (ALP). Vitamin D deficiency (VDD) and hypovitaminosis D were defined as 25(OH)D below 30 or 50 nmol/L, respectively. Dietary intake of vitamin D and calcium was estimated using a 24 h recall interview. In mid-spring, 13% of the children had VDD, and 42% had hypovitaminosis D. I-PTH and ALP levels were significantly higher in children with VDD. The dietary intake of vitamin D was below 80% of the recommended daily allowances (RDA) in 94% of the children, but the dietary calcium intake was not significantly related to the s-25(OH)D levels found. After the summer, median s-25(OH)D increased with +35 nmol/L (+85%) and +19 nmol/L (+42%) in children with or without supplementation, respectively. The effect of supplementation was most prominent among African children. VDD and hypovitaminosis D are highly prevalent in mid-spring among asylum seekers' children in The Netherlands. Although 25(OH)D levels increase in African children during Dutch summer months, this does not completely correct the compromised vitamin D status. Our data indicate that children from African origin would benefit from vitamin D supplementation.
BACKGROUND: Coffee is widely consumed in the Western diet and therefore has important implications for public health. Research findings pertaining to the effects of coffee consumption on cardiovascular health are conflicting, and the role of caffeine is not clear. OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship between coffee intake, inflammation and cardiovascular function at baseline and during mental stress, both cross-sectionally and after a 4-week period of withdrawal of coffee during which intake of caffeine was maintained. METHODS: Eighty-five healthy, non-smoking men with varying coffee-drinking habits were recruited. Blood pressure, heart rate, and markers of inflammation [C-reactive protein (CRP), von Willebrand factor antigen (vWF)], were measured at baseline and during mental stress. These measures were repeated after a 4-week period of withdrawal of coffee, during which intake of caffeine was maintained. Habitual levels of coffee and caffeine consumption were assessed from a self-reported questionnaire, and saliva samples for the analysis of caffeine concentrations were collected regularly throughout the period of withdrawal, to confirm compliance. RESULTS: Multiple linear regression analysis of pre-withdrawal data, adjusted for age, body mass index and intake of tea, red wine, fruit, vegetables, oily fish and dietary supplements revealed that coffee consumption was positively related to baseline systolic blood pressure, and increased heart rate and vWF responses to mental stress. Four weeks after withdrawal of coffee, the heightened vWF and heart rate responses to stress in habitual coffee drinkers persisted, whereas baseline systolic blood pressure had decreased. Total caffeine intake was unrelated to any measures of physiological function. CONCLUSIONS: Habitual coffee consumption is associated with heightened acute vascular inflammatory responses to mental stress, although these effects are not affected by short-term abstinence from coffee. These findings suggest that the relationship between coffee and markers of cardiovascular risk may be explained by residual or unmeasured confounding factors. 
OBJECTIVE: A low level of response (LR) to alcohol was originally established through evidence of less alcohol-related change in several parameters at a given blood alcohol level. This is a genetically influenced phenotype associated with an increased risk for alcoholism. When measured by a retrospective questionnaire (the Self-Rating of the Effects of Alcohol [SRE] scale), a lower LR (here indicated by a report that more drinks were historically needed for various effects) correlates with a family history of alcoholism and numerous alcohol use-related variables. The current analyses address the questions of how higher SRE scores (as indicators of a low LR) relate to alcohol use and problems across different age groups and when considered in the context of demography (e.g., age, gender, and weight), as well as the number of items endorsed on the questionnaire. METHOD: SRE data (scores and numbers of items endorsed), demography, and alcohol-related variables (quantity, frequency, and problems) were evaluated in two populations. The first population included 334 12-year-old children from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children, and the second included more than 400 35-year-old men from the San Diego Prospective Study. In each group, Pearson correlations were established among all variables, and items that were significantly linked to alcohol-related outcomes were entered into regression analyses as predictors of these outcomes. RESULTS: In both samples, SRE scores correlated with all alcohol-related outcomes, with the highest values for the maximum quantity of alcohol consumed. Relationships between the SRE score and alcohol-related variables remained robust in both populations when entered into regression analyses incorporating demography and the number of SRE items answered by subjects. CONCLUSIONS: The SRE score appears to perform relatively similarly across the two populations regarding relationships with alcohol quantity, frequency, and problems. The most consistent results were observed for the maximum quantity of alcohol consumed. 
OBJECTIVES: We investigated the relationship between selected maternal erythrocyte omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and plasma lipids in early pregnancy and reported habitual fish consumption during the periconceptional period. DESIGN AND METHODS: This cohort study included 923 pregnant women who reported periconceptional dietary habits and provided a blood sample before 20 weeks of gestation. PUFA was determined by gas chromatography and plasma lipids by standard enzymatic methods. Differences in erythrocyte PUFA and plasma lipid concentrations were estimated using linear regression. RESULTS: Mean erythrocyte eicosapentanoic acid and other PUFA content (%/total) were positively associated with frequency of self-reported fish consumption. Arachidonic acid was inversely related with frequent fish consumption (p trend <0.001). Women who consumed fish >twice/week had lower plasma triglyceride (-11.5 mg/dl) and higher HDL-cholesterol (+2.8 mg/dl) concentrations than women consuming fish <once/week. CONCLUSIONS: These results support findings of inverse relation between fish consumption and preeclampsia risk. 
AIM: To validate the Turkish versions of the IIQ-7 and UDI-6 for use in Turkish-speaking populations. METHODS: After establishing the test-retest reliability and internal consistency in a pilot study, 302 patients were enrolled in the study and general and subscale scores of the questionnaires were calculated. All participants underwent an urodynamic assessment. RESULTS: Both instruments showed a high internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha for the IIQ-7 and UDI-6 was 0.87 and 0.74, respectively) and test-retest reliability (Spearman's rho was 0.99 for both of the scales (P < 0.001). 55.6% of the participants showed urodynamic abnormality and/or leakage. 39.7% had urodynamic stress incontinence (USI) and 15.9% had detrussor overactivity (DOA) +/- USI. The mean scores of each IIQ-7 and UDI-6 were significantly higher in the USI, and DOA +/- USI groups compared with normal women. Women with DOA +/- USI scored highest in the IIQ-7 and UDI-6. The irritative subscale scores of the 1st and 2nd items of the UDI-6 were significantly higher in the DOA +/- USI group. The stress subscale scores of 3rd and 4th items of UDI-6 were significantly higher in the USI group. Women with postvoid residual (PVR) urine values greater than 50 ml had significantly higher obstructive subscale scores compared to the ones who had less residual volumes. CONCLUSIONS: The Turkish translated versions of the IIQ-7 and UDI-6 are reliable, consistent and valid instruments for assessing symptom severity and the impact on QOL in Turkish speaking women with urinary incontinence. 
A CE method for the determination of the ethanol consumption marker ethyl sulfate (EtS) in human urine was developed. Analysis was performed in negative polarity mode with a background electrolyte composed of 15 mM maleic acid, 1 mM phthalic acid, and 0.05 mM cetyltrimethylammonium bromide (CTAB) at pH 2.5 and indirect UV detection at 220 nm (300 nm reference wavelength). This buffer system provided selective separation conditions for EtS and vinylsulfonic acid, employed as internal standard, from urine matrix components. Sample pretreatment of urine was minimized to a 1:5 dilution with water. The optimized CE method was validated in the range of 5-700 mg/L using seven lots of urine. Intra- and inter-day precision and accuracy values, determined at 5, 60, and 700 mg/L with each lot of urine, fulfilled the requirements according to common guidelines for bioanalytical method validation. The application to forensic urine samples collected at autopsies as well as a successful cross-validation with a LC-MS/MS-based method confirmed the overall validity and real-world suitability of the developed expeditious CE assay (sample throughput 130 per day).
The labeling of health claims that meet the significant scientific agreement standard and of qualified health claims on conventional foods and dietary supplements requires premarket approval by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA conducts an evidence-based review to ascertain whether sufficient evidence exists to support a significant scientific agreement standard or a qualified health claim. The FDA recently reviewed intervention and observational studies that evaluated the role of lutein and zeaxanthin in reducing the risk of age-related macular degeneration and cataracts. On the basis of this evidence-based review, the FDA concluded that no credible evidence exists for a health claim about the intake of lutein or zeaxanthin (or both) and the risk of age-related macular degeneration or cataracts.
BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes (DM), metabolic syndrome (MetS), and inflammation are linked to reduced magnesium and fiber intakes; these associations are attenuated by adjustment for each of these nutrients. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the association among magnesium and fiber intakes, metabolic variables, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) values. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analyses were performed in a representative cohort of 1653 adults and in a subgroup with normal body mass index without dysmetabolisms (n = 205). A validated semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire was used; magnesium intake was computed by multiplying its content in each food by the frequency of food consumption. RESULTS: The prevalence of DM, MetS, and hs-CRP >/= 3 mg/L significantly decreased from the lowest to the highest tertile of magnesium and fiber intakes. Subjects within the lowest tertiles of magnesium and fiber intakes were 3-4 times as likely to have DM, MetS, and hs-CRP >/= 3 mg/L, after multiple adjustments. After the analysis was additionally controlled for fiber intake, associations with hs-CRP >/= 3 mg/L proved to be significant (odds ratio: 2.05; 95% CI: 1.30, 3.25), whereas reduced magnesium intake and DM and MetS were no longer significant. The lowest tertile of fiber intake remained associated with DM, hs-CRP >/= 3 mg/L, and MetS after adjustments for multiple confounders and magnesium intake. In the lean, healthy subject subgroup, hs-CRP values were inversely associated with magnesium and fiber intakes in a multivariate model (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Reduced fiber intake was significantly associated with metabolic abnormalities; the magnesium effect might be confounded by fiber being in foods that also provided magnesium. Lower magnesium and fiber intakes were linked to hs-CRP >/= 3 mg/L in both the entire cohort and healthy persons. 
OBJECTIVES: To compare markers of alcohol consumption. DESIGN AND METHODS: Measurement of urinary ethyl glucuronide, 5-hydroxytryptophol, 5-hydroxytryptophol glucuronide, 5-hydroxyindole acetic acid in 10 patients during alcohol withdrawal. RESULTS: 5-Hydroxytryptophol glucuronide was measured by ELISA with good analytical precision, its diagnostic specificity and sensitivity was better than that of 5-hydroxytryptophol and its correlation was closer to ethyl glucuronide than to 5-hydroxytryptophol. CONCLUSION: Determination of 5-hydroxytryptophol glucuronide by ELISA offers promising results in detection of previous alcohol consumption. 
To improve the measurement of usual dietary intake, the National Cancer Institute developed a cognitively based Diet History Questionnaire (DHQ), which has been validated against four 24-h dietary recalls (4 24-HR) for energy, macronutrients, and several vitamins and minerals. This analysis used data from The Eating at America's Table Study (EATS) to determine the validity of estimates for carotenoids and tocopherols from the DHQ. Over the course of a year, 163 participants provided 1 or 2 blood samples and completed the DHQ and 4 24-HR. For both the DHQ and the 4 24-HR, crude correlations between serum and diet were modest to strong for the provitamin A carotenoids (alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin), low to modest for lycopene, and very low for lutein. The individual dietary tocopherols were weakly correlated with the serum tocopherols, but vitamin E from food and dietary supplements was strongly and positively correlated with serum alpha-tocopherol and strongly and inversely correlated with serum gamma-tocopherol for both instruments. Adjustment for energy, BMI, smoking status, serum total cholesterol, and serum triacylglycerol did not appreciably change the correlations. Using the method of triads, validity coefficients for the DHQ were comparable to the 4 24-HR and were especially strong for alpha-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, lutein + zeaxanthin, and total vitamin E in men and gamma-tocopherol and total vitamin E in women. In this study, there was no advantage of 2 blood samples over 1, suggesting reasonably stable ranking of individuals for these biomarkers, which is important for large epidemiologic studies that typically obtain only 1 blood sample for biomarker status.
BACKGROUND AND AIM: It has been suggested that overall dietary patterns and not single nutrients should be studied, since food items might have a synergistic and antagonistic effect on health. The Mediterranean diet has long been associated with lower incidence of cardiovascular disease and cancer. Therefore, we developed a diet score that incorporates the inherent characteristics of this dietary pattern. METHODS AND RESULTS: We used 11 main components of the Mediterranean diet (non-refined cereals, fruits, vegetables, potatoes, legumes, olive oil, fish, red meat, poultry, full fat dairy products and alcohol). For the consumption of items presumed to be close to this pattern we assigned scores 0, 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 when a participant reported no consumption, rare, frequent, very frequent, weekly and daily, respectively. For the consumption of foods presumed to be away from this pattern we assigned the scores on a reverse scale. Especially for alcohol, we assigned score 5 for consumption of less than 300 ml/day, score 0 for consumption of more than 700 ml/day or none and scores 1-4 for consumption of 300-400, 400-500, 500-600, and 600-700 ml/day (100 ml = 12 g ethanol), respectively. Then a total score ranging from 0 to 55 was calculated. After having applied this diet score in the participants of the ATTICA study we observed a significant positive association with monounsaturated fat and monounsaturated-to-saturated fat intake. We also observed, an inverse association with serum lipids, blood pressures, inflammation and coagulation markers related to cardiovascular disease. The application of that score in a case-control study (CARDIO2000) suggested that the score was inversely associated with the odds of having acute coronary syndromes. CONCLUSION: The Mediterranean diet score proposed above may be useful in assessing the nutritional status of an individual and investigating the relationship of the Mediterranean diet with various health outcomes. 
OBJECTIVES: To develop and validate a short patient self-assessment screening questionnaire: bladder control self-assessment questionnaire (B-SAQ) for the evaluation of lower urinary tract symptoms. This first validation study was undertaken amongst women. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Three hundred twenty-nine women attending general gynaecology and urogynaecology clinics completed both the B-SAQ and Kings Health questionnaire prior to medical consultation, and independent physician assessment of the presence of lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) and need for treatment. The psychometric properties of the B-SAQ were subsequently analysed. RESULTS: The B-SAQ was quick and easy to complete, with 89% of respondents completing all items correctly in less than 5 min. The internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha score 0.90-0.91), criterion validity (Pearson's correlation values of 0.79 and 0.81, p<0.0001 with the incontinence impact domain of the Kings Health questionnaire), and test-retest reliability of the questionnaire were good. The sensitivity and specificity of the questionnaire to identify patients with bothersome LUTS was 98% and 79%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: LUTS are commonly underreported. Empowering patients to self-assess their bladder symptoms and the need for treatment will improve treatment-seeking behaviour. The B-SAQ is a psychometrically robust, short screening questionnaire that offers patients the ability to assess their bladder symptoms and the bother they cause, and the potential benefit of seeking medical help. 
PURPOSE: The Mediterranean diet has been reported to reduce cardiovascular mortality and morbidity considerably. Tomatoes and lycopene are considered potent antioxidants. Our purpose was to study the effects of a tomatoe-rich diet on the lipid profile following 300g daily of tomatoes for one month. METHODS: Plasma concentrations of triglyceride, total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and VLDL-cholesterol were determined in 98 apparently healthy volunteers (mean age 45.5+/-14.1 yr) before and after one month of follow-up. Fifty volunteers (34 women and 16 men) ate tomatoes 300g daily and 48 volunteers (32 women and 16 men) continued their regular diet without eating tomatoes for a month. RESULTS: In the regular diet group, there were no changes in the lipid profile: triglyceride level (169.6+/-156.8 vs. 147.6+/-93.4mg/dl; P=0.33), total cholesterol level (198.3+/-41.2mg/dl vs. 204.2+/-70.9mg/dl; P=0.23), HDL-cholesterol level (50.6+/-12.2mg/dl vs. 47.6+/-10.8mg/dl; P=0.79), and LDL-cholesterol level (122.7+/-39.4mg/dl vs. 120.2+/-32.2mg/dl; P=0.24) before and after the 1 month offollow-up. In the tomato-rich diet group: triglyceride level 170.8+/-85.4mg/dl to 167.4+/-99.4mg/ dl (P=0.98), total cholesterol level 207.5+/-44.3mg/ dl to 204.1+/-45.1mg/dl (P=0.68), HDL-cholesterol level 46.1+/-10.6mg/dl to 53.4+/-13.3mg/dl (P=0.03), and LDL-cholesterol level 127.7+/-41.8mg/dl to 119.1+/-41.7mg/dl (P=0.57). CONCLUSION: We found that tomatoes'-rich diet (300g daily for one month) increased HDL-cholesterol level significantly by 15.2%. 
Carbohydrate-restricted diets (CRDs) promote weight loss, reductions in plasma triacylglycerol (TAG) levels, and increases in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels but may cause undesirable low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) responses in some people. The objective of the present study was to determine the effect of adding soluble fiber to a CRD on plasma LDL-C and other traditionally measured markers of cardiovascular disease. Using a parallel-arm, double-blind, placebo-controlled design, 30 overweight and obese men (body mass index, 25-35 kg/m(2)) were randomly assigned to supplement a CRD with soluble fiber (Konjac-mannan, 3g/d) (n = 15) or placebo (n = 15). Plasma lipids, anthropometrics, body composition, blood pressure, and nutrient intake were evaluated at baseline and at 6 and 12 weeks. Compliance was excellent as assessed by 7-day weighed dietary records and ketonuria. Both groups experienced decreases in (P < .01) body weight, percent body fat, systolic blood pressure, waist circumference, and plasma glucose levels. After 12 weeks, HDL-C and TAG improved significantly in the fiber (10% and -34%) and placebo (14%, -43%) groups. LDL-C decreased by 17.6% (P < .01) at week 6 and 14.1% (P < .01) at week 12 in the fiber group. Conversely, LDL-C reductions were significant in the placebo group only after 12 weeks (-6.0%, P < .05). We conclude that although clearly effective at lowering LDL-C, adding soluble fiber to a CRD during active and significant weight loss provides no additional benefits to the diet alone. Furthermore, a CRD led to clinically important positive alterations in cardiovascular disease risk factors.
Pancreatic preservation is an important part of diabetes management that may occur with improved peripheral insulin sensitivity and attenuated low-grade adipose tissue inflammation. The objective of the current study was to determine the response of obese, insulin-resistant fa/fa Zucker rats vs lean controls to dietary conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) supplementation with respect to pancreatic islet size, insulin resistance, and markers of inflammation and adipose glucose uptake. Six-week-old fa/fa and lean Zucker rats (n = 20 per genotype) were fed either a 1.5% CLA mixture or control diet for 8 weeks. Oral glucose tolerance testing was conducted at 7.5 weeks. Fasting serum haptoglobin, insulin, and C-peptide were assayed, and select messenger RNA (mRNA) and protein markers of inflammation and glucose metabolism were measured in adipose and liver tissues. CLA-fed fa/fa Zucker rats had smaller islet cell size, improved oral glucose tolerance and insulinemia, and attenuated serum haptoglobin levels compared with control-fed fa/fa Zucker rats, despite no differences in body weight and a slightly higher visceral adipose mass. CLA did not alter insulin sensitivity or islet size in lean Zucker rats. The CLA-fed fa/fa rats also had greater adipose glucose transporter-4 mRNA and less adipose tumor necrosis factor alpha mRNA and protein compared with control-fed fa/fa rats. In contrast, other markers of inflammation and glucose metabolism including adipose macrophage inflammatory factor, macrophage inflammatory protein-2, and liver pyruvate carboxylase and pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase 4 were not significantly changed. These results suggest that CLA supplementation preserved pancreatic function in conjunction with improved peripheral glucose use and reduced inflammation in fa/fa Zucker rats.
Dietary patterns are important in the prevention of chronic disease; however, there are few studies that include repeat measures of dietary patterns. The objective of this study was to assess the relations between dietary patterns during adult life (at ages 36, 43, and 53 y) and risk factors for chronic disease at age 53 y. Participants of a longitudinal study of health completed a 5-d food diary at 3 occasions during adult life (n = 1265). Factor analysis was used to identify dietary patterns and a pattern score was calculated from the consumption of the food items in each dietary pattern. Means and 95% CI for dietary pattern scores were calculated for each risk factor category using random effects models adjusted for socio-demographic and health-related behaviors. In women, the fruit, vegetables, and dairy pattern was inversely associated with BMI (P < 0.004), waist circumference (P = 0.0007), blood pressure (P = 0.02), and was positively associated with red cell folate (P < 0.03). The ethnic foods and alcohol pattern was also inversely associated with blood pressure (P = 0.008), whereas the meat, potatoes and sweet foods pattern was positively associated with glycated hemoglobin (P = 0.01). In men, a mixed pattern was inversely associated with waist circumference (P = 0.02) and blood pressure (P = 0.01), whereas there were no significant associations with the ethnic foods and alcohol pattern. Specific dietary patterns throughout adult life were associated with chronic disease risk factors.
Red meat intake has been associated with increased risk of coronary heart disease and type 2 diabetes, but it remains uncertain whether these associations are causally related to unprocessed lean red meat. It has been proposed that iron derived from red meat may increase iron stores and initiate oxidative damage and inflammation. We aimed to determine whether an increase in unprocessed lean red meat intake, partially replacing carbohydrate-rich foods, adversely influences markers of oxidative stress and inflammation. Sixty participants completed an 8-wk parallel-designed study. They were randomized to maintain their usual diet (control) or to partially replace energy from carbohydrate-rich foods with approximately 200 g/d of lean red meat (red meat) in isoenergetic diets. Markers of oxidative stress and inflammation were measured at baseline and at the end of intervention. Results are presented as the mean between-group difference in change and [95% CI]. Red meat, relative to control, resulted in: higher protein [5.3 (3.7, 6.9) % of energy], lower carbohydrate [-5.3 (-7.9, -2.7)% of energy], and higher iron [3.2 (1.1, 5.4) mg/d] intakes; lower urinary F2-isoprostane excretion [-137 (-264, -9) pmol/mmol creatinine], lower leukocyte [-0.51 (-0.99, -0.02)x10(9)/L] counts, and a trend for lower serum C-reactive protein concentrations [-1.6 (-3.3, 0.0) mg/L, P=0.06]; and no differences in concentrations of plasma F2-isoprostanes [-12 (-122, 100) pmol/L], serum gamma-glytamyltransferase [-0.8 (-3.2, 1.5) U/L], serum amyloid A protein [-1.4 (-3.4, 0.5) mg/L], and plasma fibrinogen concentrations [-0.08 (-0.40. 0.24) g/L]. Our results suggest that partial replacement of dietary carbohydrate with protein from lean red meat does not elevate oxidative stress or inflammation.
OBJECTIVE: Western-type high-fat/high-cholesterol diets used to induce atherogenesis in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor-deficient mice also lead to obesity with concomitant metabolic complications, eg, hypertriglyceridemia, hyperinsulinemia, and insulin resistance. Our aim was to design a diet inducing atherosclerosis through moderate hypercholesterolemia without associated parameters of the metabolic syndrome. METHODS AND RESULTS: Male LDL receptor-deficient mice were fed regular chow (RC; 0.01% cholesterol/4.4% fat), cholesterol-enriched regular chow (HC; 1% cholesterol/4.4% fat), or Western diet (WD 0.06% cholesterol/21% milk fat) for 28 weeks. HC-feeding led to elevated plasma (approximately 20.7 mmol/L [800 mg/dL]) and LDL cholesterol and accelerated atherosclerosis. Plasma triglycerides were unaffected. Compared with RC-fed controls, HC-fed mice had normal body weight gain and normal fasting levels of glucose, free fatty acids, and insulin. In contrast, WD-fed mice were extremely hypercholesterolemic (>41.4 mmol/L), obese, hypertriglyceridemic, hyperinsulinemic, insulin resistant, and showed adverse health such as skin/fur abnormalities and hepatic steatosis. Although atherosclerotic surface areas in the entire aorta were similar in HC-fed and WD-fed mice, lesions in aortic origin cross sections were significantly larger in WD-fed mice. However, morphology was similar in lesions of equal size. CONCLUSIONS: The HC diet induced moderate hypercholesterolemia and extensive atherosclerosis and should be useful to study specific aspects of atherogenesis in the absence of confounding effects of the metabolic syndrome. 
OBJECTIVE: Obesity-related under-reporting of usual dietary intake is one of the most persistent sources of bias in nutrition research. The aim of this paper is to characterize obese and non-obese individuals with respect to reporting errors observed with two common dietary instruments, using energy and protein recovery biomarkers as reference measures. POPULATION AND METHODS: This report employs data from the Observing Protein and Energy Nutrition (OPEN) study. Analyses are based on stratified samples of 211 (57 obese) men and 179 (50 obese) women who completed 24-h recalls (24HR), food frequency questionnaires (FFQ), doubly labelled water (DLW) and urinary nitrogen (UN) assessments. RESULTS: In obese and non-obese subgroups, FFQ yielded lower energy and protein intake estimates than 24HR, although biomarker-based information indicated under-reporting with both dietary instruments. Gender differences in obesity-related bias were noted. Among women, the DLW-based energy requirement was 378 kcal greater in obese than in non-obese groups; the FFQ was able to detect a statistically significant portion of this extra energy, while the 24HR was not. Among men, the DLW-based energy requirement was 485 kcal greater in the obese group; however, neither FFQ nor 24HR detected this difference in energy requirement. Combining protein and energy estimates, obese men significantly over-reported the proportion of energy from protein using the 24HR, but not with the FFQ. In obese women, no significant reporting error for energy percent protein was observed by either method. At the individual level, correlations between energy expenditure and reported energy intake tended to be weaker in obese than non-obese groups, particularly with the 24HR. Correlations between true and reported protein density were consistently higher than for protein or energy alone, and did not vary significantly with obesity. CONCLUSION: This work adds to existing evidence that neither of these commonly used dietary reporting methods adequately measures energy or protein intake in obese groups. The 24HR, while capturing more realistic energy distributions for usual intake, may be particularly problematic in the obese. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine the effect of purple sweet potato (PSP) beverage rich in acylated anthocyanins on serum hepatic biomarkers in healthy Japanese men. DESIGN: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel study. SETTING: Kumamoto in Japan. SUBJECTS: Healthy adult men (30-60 years) with borderline hepatitis who had one or more of serum gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), aspertate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels over normal ranges, and who were negative for hepatitis virus were openly recruited by an advertisement. Of the 48 persons enrolled, 38 (mean age 43.0 years (30-54 years)) completed the study. METHODS: The subjects were randomly assigned to the PSP group and the placebo group. During the 8-week intervention, the subjects in the PSP group consumed two bottles of the PSP beverage with acylated anthocyanins (200.3 mg anthocyanins per 125 ml per bottle) per day, and the subjects in the placebo group, two bottles of a placebo beverage (1.7 mg anthocyanins per 125 ml per bottle). All of the data measured were analyzed by two-way repeated measures analysis of variance (ANOVA) with groups and times. The data of the hepatic markers were analyzed using the Dunnett multiple comparison among the time points and t-test between groups at the same time point. Two-sided P<0.05 were defined as the level of significance. RESULTS: Serum GGT, AST and ALT levels showed interactions (P<0.05) between the beverage groups and time; the others were not affected. The PSP beverage group showed lower hepatic marker levels than the placebo group during the ingestion period, particularly the GGT level (-14.1 IU/l, 95% Confidence intervel (CI) -25.4 to -2.7, P=0.017 at 2 weeks; -16.8 IU/l, 95% CI -36.2 to 2.5, P=0.081 at 4 weeks; -26.7 IU/l, 95% CI -47.6 to -5.7, P=0.014 at 6 weeks and -27.9 IU/l, 95% CI -49.9 to -5.9; P=0.014 at 8 weeks). No correlation between alcohol consumption and each hepatic biomarker level before and after the ingestion was observed. CONCLUSION: The intake of the PSP beverage significantly decreased the serum levels of hepatic biomarkers, particularly the GGT level, in healthy men with borderline hepatitis. 
OBJECTIVE: To validate selected nutrients assessed by the food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) used in the Harvard cohort studies in an African-American group. DESIGN: Blood aliquots were pooled for each decile of intake of two carotenoids and alpha tocopherol as measured by FFQ. These pooled samples were analyzed for nutrient content, and the resultant blood levels were plotted against the median for each decile of intake. In addition, adipose tissue samples taken from each man were analyzed for content of specific fatty acids. We calculated the Spearman correlations comparing intakes of specific fatty acids as percent of total fat intake, adjusted for energy intake, as measured by FFQ, with the percentage of the corresponding fatty acid in adipose tissue. SUBJECTS AND SETTINGS: African-American men (N=104) with prostate cancer were recruited from a Detroit physician's practice and completed a detailed FFQ. RESULTS: Comparing decile 10 with decile 1 intake of nutrients as measured by FFQ, there was a 32% higher blood level of lycopene, a 288% higher blood level of beta carotene and a 100% higher blood level of alpha tocopherol. The Spearman correlation coefficients between intakes of linoleic acid, alpha linolenic acid, long-chain n-3 fatty acids and trans fatty acid measured by FFQ and the corresponding adipose tissue levels were between 0.10 and 0.47. CONCLUSION: The FFQ was able to distinguish meaningful differences in biochemical measurements of selected nutrients and presumably corresponding differences in the extremes of intake in African-American men with prostate cancer who were likely to be motivated to report accurately. However, the results found are similar to those found in other populations. 
OBJECTIVE: We investigated the association between adherence to Mediterranean diet and fasting indices of glucose homoeostasis, in a Greek adult population. METHODS: During 2001-2002 we randomly enrolled 1514 men and 1528 women (18-89 years old) without history of CVD, from the Attica area. Diabetes mellitus (type 2) and impaired fasting glucose (IFG) were defined according to the established ADA criteria. Insulin resistance was evaluated by HOMA-IR. Dietary habits were assessed through a validated food frequency questionnaire and a diet score (range 0-55) was developed (higher values means greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet). RESULTS: The overall prevalence of diabetes type 2 was 7.9% in men and 6.0% in women (P = 0.05). Mean diet score was 26.3 +/- 6.8 in normoglycemic, 25.7 +/- 6.4 in IFG and 22.2 +/- 5.8 in diabetic subjects (p < 0.001). In normoglycemic subjects who were in the upper tertile of the diet score we observed 7% lower glucose (p < 0.05), 5% lower insulin (p < 0.05) and 15% lower HOMA-IR (p < 0.01) levels compared to subjects in the lower tertile of the diet score. Additionally, in diabetic/IFG participants who where in the upper tertile of the diet score we observed 15% lower glucose (p < 0.05), 15% lower insulin (p < 0.05) and 27% lower HOMA-IR (p < 0.01) levels compared to those in the lower tertile. However, multiple regression analysis, adjusted for age, sex, BMI, waist-to-hip ratio, physical activity, smoking status, and presence of hypertension and hypercholesterolemia, confirmed the previous associations in normoglycemic, but not in diabetic/IFG people. CONCLUSION: An inverse association was observed between adherence to Mediterranean diet and indices of glucose homeostasis, only in normoglycemic people. 
Free radicals and other reactive oxygen or nitrogen species are constantly generated in vivo and can cause oxidative damage to DNA. This damage has been implicated to be important in many diseases, including cancer. The assessment of damage in various biological matrices, such as tissues, cells, and urine, is vital to understanding this role and subsequently devising intervention strategies. During the last 20 years, many analytical techniques have been developed to monitor oxidative DNA base damage. High-performance liquid chromatography-electrochemical detection and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry are the two pioneering contributions to the field. Currently, the arsenal of methods available include the promising high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry technique, capillary electrophoresis, 32P-postlabeling, antibody-base immunoassays, and assays involving the use of DNA repair glycosylases such as the comet assay. The objective of this review is to discuss the biological significance of oxidative DNA damage, evaluate the effectiveness of several techniques for measurement of oxidative DNA damage in various biological samples and review current research on factors (dietary and non-dietary) that influence DNA oxidative damage using these techniques.
Few studies have examined the contribution of major dietary patterns to markers of systemic inflammation. This study was conducted to evaluate the association of major dietary patterns with markers of systemic inflammation among Iranian women. In a cross-sectional study of 486 healthy women aged 40-60 y, we assessed usual dietary intakes by means of an FFQ. Dietary patterns were identified by factor analysis. Anthropometric measurements were made and blood samples from fasting were taken for measuring inflammatory markers. The healthy pattern (high in fruits, vegetables, tomato, poultry, legumes, tea, fruit juices, and whole grains) was inversely related to plasma concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP) (beta = -0.09, P < 0.001), E-selectin (beta = -0.07, P < 0.05), and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1) (beta = -0.08, P < 0.001) after control for potential confounders; with further adjustment for BMI and waist circumference (WC), the associations remained significant for CRP (beta = -0.05, P < 0.05) and sVCAM-1 (beta = -0.04, P < 0.05). In contrast, the western pattern score (high in refined grains, red meat, butter, processed meat, high-fat dairy, sweets and desserts, pizza, potato, eggs, hydrogenated fats, and soft drinks) was positively related to CRP (beta = 0.08, P < 0.001), serum amyloid A (SAA) (beta = 0.11, P < 0.05), IL-6 (beta = 0.09, P < 0.001), soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (beta = 0.05, P < 0.05), and sVCAM-1 concentrations (beta = 0.07, P < 0.05). However, after additional control for BMI and WC, the associations remained significant only for SAA (beta = 0.06, P < 0.05) and IL-6 (beta = 0.07, P < 0.001). The traditional dietary pattern (high in refined grains, potato, tea, whole grains, hydrogenated fats, legumes, and casserole) was positively associated with the plasma IL-6 concentration (beta = 0.04, P < 0.05) when we controlled for confounders including BMI and WC. The findings suggest an independent association between major dietary patterns and plasma concentrations of markers of inflammation.
BACKGROUND: While adult populations have been well described in terms of nutritional status, such as the concentration of nutrient biomarkers, little work has been done in healthy paediatric populations. OBJECTIVE: The primary objective of this analysis was to explore the determinants of plasma micronutrients in a group of healthy infants and children. DESIGN: The Diabetes Autoimmunity Study in the Young (DAISY) has enrolled 1433 newborns at increased risk for type 1 diabetes in Denver, Colorado. A representative random sample of 257 children from the DAISY cohort between the ages of 9 months and 8 years with a total of 815 clinic visits over time was used in this analysis. Annual dietary intake was assessed over time with Willett food-frequency questionnaires that were validated in this population. Environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) was assessed using a validated survey. Plasma samples were tested for vitamins, carotenoids and total lipids. Predictors of plasma micronutrients were evaluated using mixed models for longitudinal data, while adjusting for age, human leukocyte antigen genotype, type 1 diabetes family history and other potential confounders and covariates. RESULTS: Increased micronutrient intake was associated with increased levels of their respective plasma nutrient, with the exception of gamma-tocopherol. Independent of dietary intake, levels of alpha- and beta-carotene and beta-cryptoxanthin were significantly lower, and gamma-tocopherol was significantly higher, in children who were exposed to ETS. CONCLUSION: Dietary intake predicts plasma micronutrient levels. Exposure to ETS potentially could have negative health effects in this young population. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of soy consumption on markers of inflammation and endothelial function in postmenopausal women with the metabolic syndrome. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This randomized cross-over clinical trial included 42 postmenopausal women with the metabolic syndrome. Participants were randomly assigned to consume a control diet (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension [DASH]), soy protein diet, or soy nut diet, each for 8 weeks. Red meat in the DASH diet (one serving/day) was replaced by soy protein in the soy protein diet and by soy nut in the soy nut diet. RESULTS: For nitric oxide levels, the difference from the control diet was 9.8% (P < 0.01) on the soy nut and -1.7% (P = 0.10) on the soy protein diets. The difference from the control diet for serum E-selectin was -11.4% (P < 0.01) on the soy nut consumption and -4.7% (P = 0.19) on the soy protein diet. Soy nut consumption reduced interleukin-18 compared with the control diet (difference from the control diet: -9.2%, P < 0.01), but soy protein did not (difference from the control diet: -4.6%, P = 0.14). For C-reactive protein, the difference from the control diet was -8.9% (P < 0.01) on the soy nut diet and -1.6% (P < 0.01) on the soy protein diet. CONCLUSIONS: Short-term soy nut consumption reduced some markers of inflammation and increased plasma nitric oxide levels in postmenopausal women with the metabolic syndrome. 
OBJECTIVE: Contributions of fish and other foods to variance of selenium and mercury status were studied in British adults. SETTING AND DESIGN: Plasma and red-cell selenium and whole-blood mercury concentrations were measured during the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of Adults aged 19-64 years in mainland Britain, 2000-2001 (n = 1216). Food intake was weighed for seven consecutive days, and foods were combined in groups for data analysis. Four subsidiary groups characterised fish intakes: fried white fish, 'other' white fish, shellfish and oily fish. RESULTS: Geometric means and 5-95% ranges were: for whole-blood mercury, 5.61 (1.30-22.2) nmol l(-1); for plasma selenium, 1.09 (0.83-1.43) micromol l(-1); for red-cell selenium, 1.64 (1.14-2.40) micromol l(-1). Twenty-eight per cent had no fish intake recorded during 7 days; the remaining 72% had a median intake of 237 g over the 7-day period, 5-95% range 45-780 g. Total fish intake was strongly and directly correlated with blood mercury, and moderately with red-cell and plasma selenium. Thus, sqrt(total fish intake) was correlated with: loge(blood Hg), t = +19.7; loge(plasma Se), t = +9.8; and loge(red-cell Se), t = +9.6, all P < 0.0001. All three biochemical (mercury and selenium) indices were strongly correlated with oily fish intake, and moderately correlated with shellfish and 'other' ( = non-fried) white fish, but none was significantly correlated with fried white fish. Blood mercury was strongly and directly correlated with red-cell and plasma selenium, and both increased with age. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary fish, especially oily fish, is a strong predictor of blood mercury and selenium in British adults. 
AIMS: To develop and validate an easy-to-use questionnaire to identify obstacles to self management in Type 2 diabetes. METHODS: The Diabetes Obstacles Questionnaire (DOQ) was developed from earlier research and the literature. It was completed by 180 people with Type 2 diabetes, recruited from 22 general practices in the UK. Responders also completed a quality-of-life questionnaire (ADDQoL) and the Problem Areas in Diabetes (PAID) scale. RESULTS: From analysis of the 176 usable questionnaires, 36 items of the original 113 items were deemed redundant. The remaining 77 items were assembled into eight sub-scales covering Medication, Self Monitoring, Knowledge and Beliefs, Diagnosis, Relationships with Health-Care Professionals, Lifestyle Changes, Coping, and Advice and Support. Each sub-scale had a factor structure of no more than three factors, had Cronbach's alpha of more than 0.75, and a Kaiser-Meyer-Olkin of more than 0.75. Each sub-scale correlated significantly with the PAID scale (P < 0.01), demonstrating criterion validity. Construct validity was shown by significant correlation between HbA(1c) and the sub-scales which relate to managing blood glucose levels: Self Monitoring, Relationship with Health-Care Professionals, Lifestyle Changes and Coping. Construct validity was further shown by significant correlation between QoL scores and Medication, Lifestyle Changes and Coping. DISCUSSION: The DOQ, comprising eight sub-scales, is a usable, valid instrument for both clinical and research settings. It helps to identify in detail the obstacles which an individual finds in living with Type 2 diabetes. 
OBJECTIVE: To validate a new food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) for measuring the intake of fruit, vegetables and tea reported by women participating in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa). DESIGN: Intake of fruits, vegetables and tea estimated by the FFQ was compared with urinary flavonoid excretion, plasma carotenoid concentration and intake measured by a 4-day weighed food diary (FD). The triangular method was applied to calculate FFQ validity coefficients using two independent biomarkers. SETTING AND SUBJECTS: One hundred and nineteen women participating in MoBa. RESULTS: The FFQ estimate of fruit intake was significantly correlated with urine phloretin (r = 0.33), citrus fruit/juice with urine hesperetin (r = 0.44), cooked vegetables with plasma alpha-carotene (r = 0.37), and tea with urine kaempferol (r = 0.41) (P < 0.01 for all). On average, 60% of the participants fell into the same or adjacent quintiles when classified by FFQ and biomarkers. Significant correlations between the FFQ and FD were found for fruit (r = 0.39), vegetables (r = 0.34), juices (r = 0.50) and tea (r = 0.53). The FFQ validity coefficient was 0.65 for citrus fruit/juice and 0.59 for cooked vegetables as calculated by the triangular method. CONCLUSIONS: The validation study shows that the MoBa FFQ can be used to estimate fruit, juice, vegetable and tea intake in pregnant Norwegian women, and to rank individuals within the distribution. 
Folate is required for 1-carbon metabolism and deficiency in folate leads to megaloblastic anemia. Low levels of folate have been associated with increased risk of vascular disease. To investigate whether RDA of folate are met, habitual folate intake needs to be assessed reliably. We developed a FFQ to specifically measure folate intake over the previous 3 months in elderly people in the Netherlands. Major sources of folate intake, i.e. foods contributing to at least 80% of the average folate intake, were identified through an analysis of the second Dutch Food Consumption Survey for the sub-population of men and women aged 50-70. In 2000 and 2001, folate intake was estimated with this questionnaire in 1286 individuals aged 50-75 years. Concentrations of serum and erythrocyte folate served as biomarkers with which relative validity of the questionnaire was assessed. The same FFQ was repeated after 3 years in 803 subjects in order to assess long-term reproducibility. Mean folate intake was estimated to be 196 (SD 69) microg/d. Spearman correlation coefficients between folate intake and serum and erythrocyte concentrations were 0.14 (P < 0.01) and 0.05 (P = 0.06) respectively. Spearman correlations between folate intakes measured at baseline and after 3 years were 0.58 (P < 0.01). 47% of the participants were classified in the same quartiles on the two occasions. Our FFQ showed a weak correlation between folate intake and blood folate concentrations and reproducibility was acceptable. This FFQ is able to rank subjects according to their folate intake.
BACKGROUND/AIMS: A food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and a database for dietary supplements were developed for use in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa). The aim of the present study was to investigate the relation between reported use and biomarkers in supplement and non-supplement users and to validate self-reported intake of dietary supplements in mid pregnancy. METHOD: 120 women were recruited from MoBa, and 119 subjects completed the MoBa FFQ and a 4-day weighed food diary. Information on supplement use was collected by both methods. Venous blood specimens and 24-hour urine samples were obtained for measurement of dietary biomarkers. RESULTS: Biomarker concentration/excretion and intake differed significantly between supplement and non-supplement users for vitamin D, carotenoids, folate, the n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio and iodine (p < 0.05 for all variables). Flavonoid excretion was higher in flavonoid-supplement users (p < 0.05). Significant correlations between total dietary intake (food and supplements) and biomarker concentration/excretion were found for vitamin D (r = 0.45, p < 0.001), folate (r = 0.26, p = 0.005), the n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio (r = 0.36, p < 0.001) and iodine (r = 0.42, p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: The biochemical indicators examined in this study confirmed differences in self-reported micronutrient intake between supplement and non-supplement users for vitamin D, beta-carotene, folate, n-3 fatty acids, flavonoids and iodine. 
OBJECTIVE: Low B-vitamin status and high levels of serum homocysteine are found in depressed inpatients, but results of population-based studies of this association are inconclusive. We investigated whether a low dietary intake of B(6-9-12) vitamins and high levels of serum homocysteine are associated with depressive symptoms in elderly men. METHODS: The study sample included a total of 332 men aged 70-90 years who were free from cardiovascular diseases and diabetes at baseline in 1990. Depressive symptoms were measured with the Zung Self-rating Depression Scale at baseline in 1990 and dietary factors with the crosscheck dietary history method in 1985 and 1990. Serum levels of homocysteine were obtained in 1985. Multiple linear and logistic regression analyses were performed. RESULTS: Dietary intake of folate (-1.19, 95% CI -2.03; -0.36) and vitamin B(6) (-2.09, 95% CI -2.92; -1.26) per standard deviation increase was associated with lower levels of serum homocysteine, while vitamin B(12) was not associated with serum homocysteine. Intake of folate, vitamin B(6), vitamin B(12) and levels of serum homocysteine were not related to depressive symptoms. CONCLUSIONS: Our results do not support the hypothesis that a low dietary intake of B(6-9-12) vitamins and high levels of serum homocysteine are related to depression in healthy elderly men. 
BACKGROUND: Iron-deficiency anemia is the most prevalent nutritional deficiency worldwide. Iron-deficiency anemia has particular negative consequences on women in their childbearing years, and its prevention is a high priority in most health systems. OBJECTIVE: This interventional study assessed the effect of nutrition education on hematologic indices, iron status, nutritional knowledge, and nutritional practices of high-school girls in Iran. METHODS: Sixty healthy 16- to 18-year-old girls were randomly selected from two high schools in the city of Ahvaz and divided into two equally matched groups, one that received nutrition education, and one that did not. The education group received instruction in face-to-face sessions, group discussions, and pamphlets for 2 months. The control group did not receive any information during the study. Hematologic tests, corpuscular indices, and serum ferritin levels were measured at baseline and after 2 months. Food-frequency questionnaires were administered and histories taken, clinical signs of nutritional deficiencies observed, anthropometric measurements taken, nutritional knowledge tested, practices determined, and lifestyle questionnaires administered to all subjects. RESULTS: There were no statistically significant differences in any baseline characteristics between the two groups. Scores for nutritional knowledge and practices of the education group were significantly higher after two months compared with the baseline (31.4 +/- 6 vs. 24.3 +/- 5.9 points, p < .001, and 31.2 +/- 5 vs. 28.4 +/- 5.7 points, p < .05, respectively). The scores in the control group showed no significant changes from baseline to 2 months. Mean corpuscular volume values were elevated in the education group (p < .001) but not in the control group. However, in the control group, serum ferritin concentrations showed about a 17% drop at the end of the study (p < .004). There were no changes in other hematologic, lifestyle, clinical, or anthropometric data compared with baseline after completion of the study in both groups. CONCLUSION: These findings indicate that nutritional education can improve knowledge of healthy nutrition and lifestyle choices. Focused nutritional education using available resources and correcting current dietary habits in a vulnerable group of young women may result in dietary changes that can ultimately improve iron intake. 
Alpha-tocopherol supplementation (50 mg daily for 5-8 years) reduced prostate cancer incidence by 32% in the alpha-Tocopherol, beta-Carotene Cancer Prevention Study. We investigated whether serum alpha-tocopherol or intake of vitamin E (eight tocopherols and tocotrienols) was associated with prostate cancer risk with up to 19 years of follow-up in the alpha-Tocopherol, beta-Carotene Cancer Prevention Study cohort. Of the 29,133 Finnish male smokers, ages 50 to 69 years recruited into the study, 1,732 were diagnosed with incident prostate cancer between 1985 and 2004. Baseline serum alpha-tocopherol was measured by high-performance liquid chromatography and the components of vitamin E intake were estimated based on a 276-item food frequency questionnaire and food chemistry analyses. Proportional hazard models were used to determine multivariate-adjusted relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI). Higher serum alpha-tocopherol was associated with reduced risk of prostate cancer (RR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.66-0.96 for highest versus lowest quintile; Ptrend = 0.03) and was strongly and inversely related to the risk of developing advanced disease (RR, 0.56; 95% CI, 0.36-0.85; Ptrend = 0.002). The inverse serum alpha-tocopherol-prostate cancer association was greater among those who were supplemented with either alpha-tocopherol or beta-carotene during the trial. There were no associations between prostate cancer and the individual dietary tocopherols and tocotrienols. In summary, higher prediagnostic serum concentrations of alpha-tocopherol, but not dietary vitamin E, was associated with lower risk of developing prostate cancer, particularly advanced prostate cancer.
Since currently available markers of alcohol abuse are not satisfactory, searches for novel markers are warranted. Proteomic analyses are promising tools to discover and identify novel biomarkers. Using two different proteomic technologies, surface enhanced laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry and agarose fluorescent two-dimensional difference gel electrophoresis, we could detect and identify a total of 11 potential biomarkers of excessive alcohol consumption. It was noteworthy that the down regulation of the 5.9 kDa protein fragment was consistently seen in habitual drinkers and the diagnostic efficiency was greater than those of conventional markers such as gamma glutamyl transferase and carbohydrate deficient transferrin.
OBJECTIVES: To develop and validate a short food-frequency questionnaire to assess habitual dietary salt intake in South Africans and to allow classification of individuals according to intakes above or below the maximum recommended intake of 6 g salt day-1. DESIGN: Cross-sectional validation study in 324 conveniently sampled men and women. METHODS: Repeated 24-hour urinary Na values and 24-hour dietary recalls were obtained on three occasions. Food items consumed by >5% of the sample and which contributed > or =50 mg Na serving-1 were included in the questionnaire in 42 categories. A scoring system was devised, based on Na content of one index food per category and frequency of consumption. RESULTS: Positive correlations were found between Na content of 35 of the 42 food categories in the questionnaire and total Na intake, calculated from 24-hour recall data. Total Na content of the questionnaire was associated with Na estimations from 24-hour recall data (r = 0.750; P < 0.0001; n = 328) and urinary Na (r = 0.152; P = 0.0105; n = 284). Urinary Na was higher for subjects in tertile 3 than tertile 1 of questionnaire Na content (P < 0.05). Questionnaire Na content of <2400 and > or =2400 mg day-1 equated to a reference cut-off score of 48 and corresponded to mean (standard deviation) urinary Na values of 145 (68) and 176 (99) mmol day-1, respectively (P < 0.05). Sensitivity and specificity against urinary Na > or =100 and <100 mmol day-1 was 12.4% and 93.9%, respectively. CONCLUSION: A 42-item food-frequency questionnaire has been shown to have content-, construct- and criterion-related validity, as well as internal consistency, with regard to categorising individuals according to their habitual salt intake; however, the devised scoring system needs to show improved sensitivity. 
BACKGROUND: Limited evidence is available on a gene-environment interaction of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) gene I/D polymorphism and high blood pressure (BP) with salt intake among general populations. We hypothesized that persons with the I allele of the ACE gene have elevated BP levels in response to a higher sodium intake, and thus the association of ACE I/D polymorphism with BP levels was stronger among persons with a higher sodium intake than those with a lower sodium intake. METHODS: We conducted a population-based cross-sectional study of 2823 men and women aged 30 to 74 years in a Japanese rural community to examine the association of the ACE I/D polymorphism with BP levels stratified by salt intake, as estimated by 24-h urine collection and dietary questionnaire. Polymorphism of the ACE I/D was detected by an allele-specific polymerase chain reaction. RESULTS: There was no significant difference in BP levels among DD, ID, and II groups for either sex or total samples. However, mean difference in diastolic BP levels for II versus DD groups was +3.0 mm Hg (P = .003) among persons with higher sodium excretion, +1.8 mm Hg (P = .04) among those with higher present sodium intake score, and +1.7 mm Hg (P = .06) among those with higher past sodium intake score. CONCLUSIONS: A high sodium intake strengthens the association of ACE I/D polymorphism with BP levels in community-based samples. 
BACKGROUND: A study to evaluate the link between long-term fish intake and health status in a sample of elderly adults was undertaken. MATERIAL/METHODS: Three hundred men and women from Cyprus, 142 from Mitilini, and 100 from Samothraki islands (aged 65 to 100 years) were enrolled in this study during 2005-2006. Dietary habits (including fish consumption) were assessed through a food frequency questionnaire. Among various factors, fasting blood glucose, arterial blood pressures, and blood lipids were measured. RESULTS: Sixty-one percent of the participants reported that they had consumed fish approximately once a week (mean intake: 1.9+/-1.2 servings/week) for a mean period of 30 years. After adjusting for various confounders, fish intake was inversely associated with systolic blood pressure (p=0.026), fasting glucose (p<0.001), total serum cholesterol (p=0.012), and triglyceride levels (p=0.024). Multinomial logistic regression revealed that a decrease of 100 g per week in fish intake was associated with a 19% (95%CI: 1-41) higher likelihood of having one additional cardiovascular risk factor (i.e. hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes, obesity). CONCLUSIONS: The results indicate that long-term fish intake is associated with reduced levels of the most common cardiovascular disease risk markers in a cohort of elderly people. 
The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of 3:1 and 1:1 carbohydrate to protein ratios, hypocaloric diets with and without exercise, and risk factors associated with the Metabolic Syndrome in overweight and obese Canadian women. Groups were designated as control diet (CON), control diet with exercise (CONEx), high-protein (HP), or high-protein with exercise (HPEx). Free-living women from the Guelph community were studied in a university health and fitness facility. The participants were 44 of 60 overweight and obese women who had been randomized to the 4 weight-loss programs. Habitual diets of the subjects were energy restricted and were to contain either a 1:1 or 3:1 ratio of carbohydrate to protein energy. Subjects either exercised 3 times/week or maintained their normal level of activity for 12 weeks. The main outcome measures were weight loss, blood lipids, blood pressure, insulin, body composition, nitrogen balance, fitness, and resting energy expenditure. All groups lost weight over the 12 week period: -2.1 kg for the CON group, -4.0 kg in the CONEx group, -4.6 kg in the HP group, and -7.0 kg in the HPEx. All participants exhibited improved body composition, decreased blood pressure, and decreased waist and hip circumference. Actual diets consumed by the subjects contained ratios of carbohydrate to protein of 3.0:1, 2.7:1, 1.5:1, and 0.96:1 for the CON, CONEx, HP, and HPEx groups, respectively. Cardiovascular fitness improved in both exercise groups. There were no changes in resting energy expenditure. No adverse events were reported. Significant changes in blood lipids included decreased total cholesterol in the HP and CONEx groups, decreased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in the HP group only, and decreased blood triglycerides in the HPEx group only. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol, fasting blood glucose, and fasting insulin levels were unaltered by diet or exercise. A high-protein diet was superior to a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet either alone or when combined with an aerobic/resistance-training program in promoting weight loss and nitrogen balance, while similarly improving body composition and risk factors for the Metabolic Syndrome in overweight and obese Canadian women.
In order to establish firm evidence for the health effects of dietary polyphenol consumption, it is essential to have quantitative information regarding their dietary intake. The usefulness of the current methods, which rely mainly on the assessment of polyphenol intake using food records and food composition tables, is limited as they fail to assess total intake accurately. This review highlights the problems associated with such methods with regard to polyphenol-intake predictions. We suggest that the development of biological biomarkers, measured in both blood and urine, are essential for making accurate estimates of polyphenol intake. However, the relationship between dietary intakes and nutritional biomarkers are often highly complex. This review identifies the criteria that must be considered in the development of such biomarkers. In addition, we provide an assessment of the limited number of potential biomarkers of polyphenol intake currently available.
BACKGROUND: Atherogenic dyslipidemia associated with elevated plasma triacylglycerol concentrations and reduced HDL is improved by both caloric restriction and reduced carbohydrate consumption. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to identify the molecular pathways responsive to both caloric restriction and dietary composition within adipose tissue by monitoring transcriptional expression. DESIGN: Subcutaneous adipose tissue biopsy specimens were obtained from 131 moderately overweight men [body mass index (in kg/m2): 29.2 +/- 2.0] after 1 wk of a basal diet [54%, 16%, and 30% carbohydrate, protein, and fat, respectively; 7% saturated fat), after 3 wk with 1 of 4 randomized diets [basal diet; moderate-carbohydrate (39%) diet; low-carbohydrate (26%) and low-saturated-fat (9%) diet; low-carbohydrate (26%) and high-saturated-fat (15%) diet], after 5 wk of acute weight loss with a randomized diet (-1103.0 +/- 216.5 kcal/d, which resulted in a loss of 10.0 +/- 3.3 lb, or 4.5 +/- 1.5 kg), and after 4 wk of being stabilized at a reduced weight. Transcriptional response was identified by using expression array analysis and was confirmed by using real-time polymerase chain reaction analysis. RESULTS: Of the 1473 transcripts significantly decreased in expression in response to acute weight loss, 30 were responsive to isocaloric alterations in dietary composition, including stearoyl-coenzyme A desaturase (SCD), fatty acid desaturases 1 and 2 (FADS1 and FADS2), and diacylglycerol transferase 2 (DGAT2). Response was confirmed by real-time polymerase chain reaction analysis for these genes (P < 0.003). SCD expression in response to isocaloric dietary change was most strongly correlated with carbohydrate intake (P = 0.019) and, with the low-carbohydrate diet, SCD expression was inversely correlated with saturated fat intake (P = 0.05). Triacylglycerol responses to changes in dietary composition were independently correlated with SCD (P = 0.003) and DGAT2 (P = 0.05) responses. CONCLUSIONS: SCD expression in adipose tissue is independently regulated by weight loss and by carbohydrate and saturated fat intakes. Moreover, SCD and DGAT2 expression may be involved in dietary regulation of systemic triacylglycerol metabolism. 
PURPOSE: Alcohol consumption has been shown to contribute to a favorable lipid profile, and most studies have reported a reduction in coronary heart disease risk with low-to-moderate consumption of alcohol that is generally attributed to the beneficial effects of alcohol on lipids. The influence of different types of alcoholic beverages on plasma lipid levels has been investigated to a lesser extent and in limited populations. METHODS: We investigated the effect of overall alcohol consumption, as well as the type of alcoholic beverage consumed, on multiple lipid measures in the large bi-ethnic population of the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities study. RESULTS: We found both low-to-moderate and heavy alcohol consumption, regardless of the type of alcoholic beverage consumed, to result in significantly greater levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, HDL3 cholesterol, and apolipoprotein A-I in both white and African-American males and females. Associations with other lipid measures contrasted between whites and African Americans, with greater levels of alcohol consumption resulting in significantly greater triglyceride levels in African Americans. CONCLUSIONS: Our results confirm previous studies associating alcohol consumption, regardless of beverage type, with greater HDL cholesterol levels, with additional consistent associations detected for the major HDL cholesterol density subfraction, HDL3 cholesterol, and the major HDL cholesterol structural apolipoprotein, apolipoprotein A-I. 
CONTEXT: Cell death-inducing DNA fragmentation factor-alpha-like effector A (CIDEA) could be a potential target for the treatment of obesity via the modulation of metabolic rate, based on the findings that CIDEA inhibits the brown adipose tissue uncoupling process in rodents. OBJECTIVES: Our objects were to investigate the putative link between CIDEA and basal metabolic rate in humans and to elucidate further the role of CIDEA in human obesity. DESIGN: We have explored CIDEA gene expression in adipose tissue in two different human studies: a cross-sectional and population-based study assessing body composition and metabolic rate (Mölndal Metabolic study, n = 92); and a longitudinal intervention study of obese subjects treated with a very low calorie diet (VLCD) (VLCD study, n = 24). RESULTS: The CIDEA gene was predominantly expressed in adipocytes as compared with other human tissues. CIDEA gene expression in adipose tissue was inversely associated with basal metabolic rate independently of body composition, age, and gender (P = 0.014). The VLCD induced an increase in adipose tissue CIDEA expression (P < 0.0001) with a subsequent decrease in response to refeeding (P < 0.0001). Reduced CIDEA gene expression was associated with a high body fat content (P < 0.0001) and high insulin levels (P < 0.01). No dysregulation of CIDEA expression was observed in individuals with the metabolic syndrome when compared with body mass index-matched controls. In a separate sample of VLCD-treated subjects (n = 10), uncoupling protein 1 expression was reduced during diet (P = 0.0026) and inversely associated with CIDEA expression (P = 0.0014). CONCLUSION: The findings are consistent with the concept that CIDEA plays a role in adipose tissue energy expenditure. 
This multicenter, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study assessed renal function during dosing with etoricoxib 90 mg daily, celecoxib 200 mg twice daily, and naproxen 500 mg twice daily. Male and female subjects 60 to 81 years old (n = 85), in sodium balance on a controlled, normal sodium diet, were treated for 15 days. There were no clinically meaningful between-treatment differences in urinary sodium excretion, creatinine clearance, body weight, or serum electrolytes during the 2 weeks of treatment. Etoricoxib and celecoxib had no effect on the urinary thromboxane metabolite, 11-dehydrothromboxane B(2), while significantly decreasing the urinary prostacyclin metabolite, 2,3-dinor-6-keto PGF(1alpha). Decreases were greater for both metabolites following naproxen. Ambulatory systolic blood pressures were significantly higher than placebo for all treatments, with moderately greater increases for etoricoxib relative to other active treatments on day 14. Ambulatory diastolic blood pressures were significantly higher than placebo for etoricoxib and naproxen but not for celecoxib.
BACKGROUND: Matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) are important in the atherosclerotic process. The relationship between MMPs and traditional risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and any influence of lifestyle changes are largely unknown. OBJECTIVES: In a factorial design, we studied the effects of 3 years of dietary counselling and/or n-3 PUFA supplementation (2.4 g/d) on the levels of MMP-9, tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase (TIMP-1) and pregnancy-associated plasma protein (PAPP-A) in a population of elderly men at high risk of CVD (n = 563, age 70+/-6 years). We further explored the association between these markers and different disease entities, carotid intima media thickness (IMT) and traditional risk factors for CVD. RESULTS: Smokers had significantly higher levels of MMP-9 (p<0.0001), and TIMP-1 levels were lower in subjects with previous AMI (p = 0.021). MMP-9 was significantly correlated with LDL-C and inversely with HDL-C (both p<0.0001). There were no significant correlations between the measured variables and IMT. Significant reductions in MMP-9 and PAPP-A levels after 36 months were found in all study groups, however, with no between-group differences. CONCLUSIONS: The elevated levels of MMP-9 in smokers and the reduced levels of TIMP-1 in patients with previous AMI reflect an importance of MMPs in the development of CVD. Intervention with diet and/or n-3 PUFA supplementation did not influence the levels of MMP-9, TIMP-1 or PAPP-A in the present population. 
Holstein calves were fed pelleted iso-starch (25% of starter dry matter) diets containing barley (n = 16), corn (n = 16), oat (n = 16), and wheat (n = 16) starch for 12 wk of age. Feed consumption, nutrient intake, body weight (BW) gain, skeletal growth, and selected blood metabolites in calves during preweaning (d 1 to 49) and postweaning (d 50 to 84) periods were measured. Average daily starter consumption during pre-weaning and postweaning periods was the greatest in calves fed corn died followed by those fed a wheat diet and then in those fed barley and oat diets. During the preweaning period, the calves provided corn and wheat diets consumed greater amount of mixed grass hay than those fed barley and oat diets. During the postweaning period, mixed grass hay intake was the greatest in calves provided corn diet followed by those fed a wheat diet and then in those fed barley and oat diets. Nutrients (dry matter, crude protein, starch, and neutral detergent fiber) intake followed the solid feed consumption pattern in calves. Body weight and body measurements (body length, body barrel, heart girth, wither height, and hip height) at birth and at weaning (d 49) in calves fed different starch sources were similar. Body weight and body measurements at postweaning (d 84) were the greatest in calves fed a corn diet followed by those fed a wheat diet and then in those fed barley and oat diets. Overall average BW gain and total dry matter intake were the greatest in calves fed a corn diet than in those fed wheat, barley, and oat diets. Feed efficiency was greater in calves fed corn and wheat diets than in those fed barley and oat diets. Blood glucose, blood urea N, triglycerides, cholesterol, and creatinine were reduced with the advancing age of calves. Lesser blood glucose and greater blood urea N concentrations at wk 8, 10, and 12 of age were noticed in calves fed corn diet than in those fed barley, oat, and wheat diets. Occurrence of diarrhea was more frequent in calves fed oat diet than in those provided barley, corn, and wheat diets. Starch sources did not influence respiratory score, rectal temperature, and general appearance score. In conclusion, the calves on corn diet consumed more solid feed and gained greater BW than those fed barley, oat, and wheat diets.
The assessment of dietary zinc intakes is an important component of evaluating the risk of zinc deficiency in populations, and for designing appropriate food-based interventions, including fortification, to improve zinc intakes. The prevalence of inadequate zinc intakes can describe the relative magnitude of the risk of zinc deficiency in the population and identify subpopulations at elevated risk. As a cornerstone to evaluating the adequacy of population zinc intakes globally, a set of internationally appropriate dietary reference intakes must be defined. The World Health Organization/Food and Agriculture Organization/International Atomic Energy Agency (WHO/FAO/IAEA) and the Food and Nutrition Board/US Institute of Medicine (FNB/IOM) have presented estimated average requirements (EAR) for dietary zinc intake, and, more recently, the International Zinc Nutrition Consultative Group (IZiNCG) presented a revised set of recommendations for international use. A prevalence of inadequate zinc intakes greater than 25% is considered to represent an elevated risk of population zinc deficiency. As the requirement estimates are derived from smaller, clinical studies and, for children, most components of the estimates are extrapolated from data for adults, it was desirable to evaluate their internal validity. The estimated physiological requirements for adult men and women appear to adequately predict zinc status as determined by biochemical indicators of status and/or zinc balance. With the use of data from available studies, the reported prevalence of low serum zinc concentration and the estimated prevalence of inadequate zinc intakes predict similar levels of risk of zinc deficiency, particularly among pregnant and nonpregnant women. Conformity between these two indicators is less consistent for children, suggesting that further data and/or direct studies of zinc requirements among children are needed.
BACKGROUND: As the primary source of dietary vitamin C is fruit and to some extent vegetables, the plasma level of vitamin C has been considered a good surrogate or predictor of vitamin C intake by fruit and vegetable consumption. The purpose of this systematic review was to investigate the relationship between dietary vitamin C intakes measured by different dietary methods and plasma levels of vitamin C. METHOD: We searched the literature up to May 2006 through the OVID interface: MEDLINE (from 1960) and EMBASE (from 1988). We also reviewed the reference lists in the articles, reviews, and textbooks retrieved. A total of 26 studies were selected and their results were combined using meta-analytic techniques with random-effect model approach. RESULTS: The overall result of this study showed a positive correlation coefficient between Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) and biomarker (r = 0.35 for "both" genders, 0.39 for females, and 0.46 for males). Also the correlation between Dietary Recalls (DR)/diary and biomarker was 0.46 for "both" genders, 0.44 for females, and 0.36 for males. An overall correlation of 0.39 was found when using the weight record method. Adjusting for energy intake improved the observed correlation for FFQ from 0.31 to 0.41. In addition, we compared the correlation for smokers and non-smokers for both genders (FFQ: for non-smoker r = 0.45, adjusted for smoking r = 0.33). CONCLUSION: Our findings show that FFQ and DR/diary have a moderate relationship with plasma vitamin C. The correlation may be affected/influenced by the presence of external factors such as vitamin bioavailability, absorption condition, stress and food processing and storage time, or by error in reporting vitamin C intake. 
The present study investigated serum immunoglobulin (Ig) concentrations in relation to demographic factors, common habits (alcohol consumption and smoking) and metabolic abnormalities in an adult population-based survey including 460 individuals. Serum levels of interleukin (IL)-6, a marker of inflammation, were also determined. After adjusting for confounders, male sex was associated positively with IgA levels and negatively with IgM levels. Age was associated positively with IgA and IgG levels. Smoking was associated negatively with IgG levels. Heavy drinking was associated positively with IgA levels. Metabolic abnormalities (obesity and metabolic syndrome) were associated positively with IgA levels. Abdominal obesity and hypertriglyceridaemia were the components of metabolic syndrome associated most strongly with serum IgA. Heavy drinkers with metabolic syndrome showed particularly high serum IgA levels. Serum IL-6 levels were correlated positively with IgA and IgG concentrations. It is concluded that sex, age, alcohol consumption, smoking and common metabolic abnormalities should be taken into account when interpreting serum levels of IgA, IgG and IgM.
PURPOSE: Blood phenylalanine monitoring is critical for the management of phenylketonuria. We compared three methods for measuring blood phenylalanine concentration: the amino acid analyzer, high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorometric detection, and tandem mass spectrometry. METHODS: We studied 22 female patients with phenylketonuria, ages 12-48 years, who attended our Metabolic Camp. Blood was collected into heparinized tubes (for analysis by the amino acid analyzer) or filter paper (for analysis by high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorometric detection and tandem mass spectrometry). RESULTS: Blood phenylalanine concentrations of plasma measured by the amino acid analyzer were significantly higher than those obtained from whole blood on filter paper by high-performance liquid chromatography (difference: 102 microM; 95% confidence interval: 23, 181) and tandem mass spectrometry (difference: 137 microM; 95% confidence interval: 58, 216). Phenylalanine concentrations from high-performance liquid chromatography and tandem mass spectrometry were not significantly different (P = 0.5). CONCLUSIONS: When monitoring blood phenylalanine concentrations for dietary compliance, clinicians should be mindful of the method being used; analyses of whole blood on filter paper were consistently approximately 15% lower than analyses of plasma. 
Vitamin D deficiency is extremely common among elderly subjects and it has been associated with poor bone health, and to a number of other conditions. The ideal 25-hydroxy-vitamin D [25(OH)D] concentration, reflecting the size of vitamin D deposits, are generally retained those not associated with any marginal increase in serum parathyroid hormone (PTH). These threshold values vary considerably and this may be due to the interaction of other factors. The aim of the study is to assess whether age and calcium intake interact with the relationship between 25(OH)D and PTH. Data from a survey on the prevalence of hypovitaminosis D in elderly women in Italy were analysed in order to verify whether age and calcium intake were interfering on the 25(OH)D/PTH relationship. A total of 697 women were available for analysis. Serum PTH levels were significantly correlated with age, 25(OH)D and calcium intake (p<0.001) and in a multivariate model they all significantly contributed to explain PTH variance (R(2)=24.4%). In 39 elderly osteoporotic women on a low calcium intake and given vitamin D supplements (2000-3000 IU daily for >8 months) able to increase 25(OH)D levels above 110 nMol/l, PTH levels were maintained below 35 pg/mL. The minimum 25(OH)D levels to be recommended depends largely on the age and the calcium intake. In elderly individuals not taking calcium supplements in order to keep serum PTH levels strictly within the normal range 25(OH)D serum levels should be maintained above ca. 120 nMol/L.
An experiment was conducted to determine whether adding oat hulls to weaner pig diets based on extruded rice or unprocessed wheat influenced post-weaning diarrhoea (PWD) and protein fermentation in the large intestine. Ninety-six male piglets (5.16 (SEM 0.08) kg) were allocated to (i) extruded rice plus animal proteins (RAP); (ii) RAP with added oat hulls (20 g/kg); (iii) wheat plus animal proteins (WAP); (iv) WAP with added oat hulls (20 g/kg). Blood and faecal samples were collected on days 7 and 14 after weaning at about age 21 d. Pigs fed RAP had more PWD than pigs fed WAP (P < 0.05). Oat hull supplementation to diet RAP decreased the incidence of PWD (P < 0.05). The total-tract digestibility of DM, starch and energy was higher in rice-based diets than in wheat-based diets (P < 0.001); however, oat hulls decreased digestibility of DM and gross energy (P < 0.001). Pigs fed RAP had higher plasma creatinine concentrations (P < 0.01), which were positively correlated to cumulative beta-haemolytic Escherichia coli scores after weaning (R2 0.928; P = 0.015). Addition of oat hulls decreased plasma urea concentrations only in pigs fed RAP (interaction; P < 0.05). Pigs fed RAP had lower faecal total biogenic amine concentrations than pigs fed WAP (P < 0.001). Oat hull supplementation tended to decrease total biogenic amine concentrations (P = 0.103). These data indirectly suggest that a mostly insoluble dietary fibre source such as oat hulls can decrease PWD in dietary situations where there may be a misbalance of carbohydrate to protein entering the hindgut.
BACKGROUND: Cadmium exposure has been suggested as a risk factor for prostate cancer, and experimental literature suggests that the carcinogenic effect of cadmium is modified by the presence of zinc. We evaluated total prostate-specific antigen (PSA) levels in relation to urinary cadmium concentrations and dietary zinc intake. METHODS: PSA levels were determined in 1,320 men over the age of 40 in the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). Urinary cadmium concentrations were measured in about one-third of the sample population, whereas dietary zinc intake was based on participants' 24-hr recall. Information on all three variables was available for 422 men in the 2001-2002 NHANES survey. We performed linear regressions to evaluate the relationships these factors after accounting for age and other covariates. RESULTS: Little evidence for an association between cadmium and elevated PSA level was observed. However, the data provide suggestive evidence for an interaction between zinc intake and cadmium exposure (P for interaction=0.09). Among men with zinc intake less than the median level of 12.67 mg/day, an increase in 1 microg/g creatinine cadmium exposure was associated with a 35% increase in PSA level. In contrast, among men with greater than median zinc intake, little evidence for an association between cadmium and PSA was found. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest a protective effect of zinc intake on cadmium-induced prostatic injury, and may provide further rationale for investigating the impact of these factors individually and jointly on the etiology of prostate cancer. 
The lipid hypothesis is the basis for much of the contemporary diet advice and drug therapy aimed at preventing coronary heart disease (CHD), and was developed from a sequential association of dietary lipids, cholesterol, and CHD nearly 100 years ago. The lipid hypothesis considers pathological changes that relate to the end stage of the complex chronic condition summarized as CHD, not to its genesis. Ongoing research provides only inconclusive evidence of the effects of modification of total, saturated, monounsaturated, or polyunsaturated fats on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. 3-Hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase inhibitors or statins, the highest selling drugs in medical history, may provide evidence that the lipid hypothesis is based on erroneous assumptions, since some of the mechanisms of action of statins seem to be independent of cholesterol reduction. This article assesses the methodology and assumptions underlying the early studies that gave rise to the current assumption of a causal relationship between dietary fat consumption and CHD. It argues that flaws in methodology have led to inaccurate and highly debatable conclusions. It assesses research supporting criticism of these early studies and considers other factors that may influence CHD. It offers alternative interpretations of the use of statins in controlling CHD. Finally, it provides an historical context suggesting different causes of CHD that have no relation to fat intake.
BACKGROUND: Alcohol abuse has been implicated as an important factor for accidents. We evaluated the roles of different genetic combinations of the ADH2 and ALDH2 genotypes on biomarkers in trauma patients with excessive alcohol intake at our emergency department. METHODS: Blood samples were obtained from 80 patients and 88 age-matched controls. The biomarkers, including AST, ALT, GGT, and MDA, were assayed. The polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism method was used to determine the genetic polymorphisms of ADH2 and ALDH2. RESULTS: There were significant differences in the levels of AST, ALT, GGT, MDA, and AST/ALT ratios between the 2 groups. In addition, MDA values and AST/ALT ratios were significantly higher in the patients with normal activity of ADH2 than the patients with low activity of ADH2. Meanwhile, regarding ALDH2 genotypes, there were significantly higher ratios of AST/ALT in the patients with low activity of ALDH2. The highest AST/ALT ratios and MDA values were in the patients with ADH2 (*2/*2) and ALDH2 (*1/*2 and *2/*2). CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, our results indicated that alcohol-induced liver damage or oxidative stress might be influenced by the genetic variation of ADH2 or ALDH2. Therefore, the combinations of different ADH2 and ALDH2 genotypes may be influential markers for susceptibility to alcohol-induced liver damage. 
Collection of dietary intake in epidemiologic studies involves using methods that are comprehensive yet appropriate for the population being studied. Here we describe a diet history questionnaire (DHQ) that was developed using an audio self-administered computer-assisted interview technique. The DHQ was developed for use in a cohort of American Indians and Alaskan Natives with tribal input and area-specific modules to incorporate local food availability. The DHQ includes 54 main food group questions, specific food items within the main food group, and food preparation and general eating practice questions. The questionnaire was programmed to be self-administered using a computer with a touch screen. The average time for the first 6,604 participants to complete the questionnaire was 36 minutes. Almost 100% of participants had complete DHQ data and the average number of food items selected was 70. The methods developed for collection of dietary data appear to be appropriate for the targeted population and may have usefulness for other populations where collecting dietary data in a self-administered format is desirable.
Whereas dietary fats are known to influence bone mineral density, little is known about their effect on the skeletal stores of lead that are a pervasive source of fetal and infant lead exposure from heightened mobilization during pregnancy and lactation. This cross-sectional study examined the potential influence of maternal dietary intake of saturated and unsaturated fats on the relationship of lead levels in bone and breast milk during lactation. Lead was measured in blood, breast milk, and bone (patella and tibia) at 1 mo postpartum in 310 women in Mexico City. Dietary nutrient intake was assessed using a validated FFQ. Multivariate linear regression analyses were used to study the influence of dietary saturated and unsaturated fats on the association between bone and breast milk lead. In multivariate models that included both the dietary intake of SFA and PUFA, an interquartile range increase in patella lead [approximately 20 microg/g (0.097 micromol/g)] was associated with a 24% (95% CI = 5-43) higher increase in breast milk lead in women in the lowest tertile of PUFA intake compared with those in the highest tertile of PUFA intake. Monounsaturated fatty acids did not modify the relationship between lead levels in patella and breast milk. In conclusion, higher maternal dietary intake of PUFA may limit the transfer of lead from bone to breast milk.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the change in potassium after initiating a low-carbohydrate or low-fat weight loss diet. METHODS: Participants randomized to a low-carbohydrate (low-CHO) or a low-fat diet had serum potassium measured at baseline, 3 days, 1 week, 2 weeks, and 1 month after dietary initiation. Paired t tests and repeated measure analysis of variance (ANOVA) compared changes within each subject and between groups. RESULTS: Mean potassium (4.29 mmol/L + 0.41) was similar in both groups at baseline. The low-CHO arm (n = 48) had a mean decrease of 0.16 mmol/L +/- 0.49 (P = 0.03) over one month, and the low-fat arm (n = 47) had a reduction of 0.19 +/- 0.45 (P = 0.006). Serum potassium decreased within 3 days of diet initiation in the low-CHO arm, and at one week in the low-fat arm. Five participants (3 in low-CHO arm) required potassium supplementation for serum potassium <3.5 mmol/L. CONCLUSIONS: Minor decreases in potassium occurred after initiating both diets, and was more rapid after the low-CHO diet. These decreases may be clinically meaningful in some patients. 
Several epidemiological studies suggest a link between the intake of refined sugars and an increased risk for colorectal, breast, pancreatic and endometrial cancer. However, other studies failed to confirm these conclusions and the reason for this may be the ambiguity of dietary assessment methods - mainly self-reporting - employed. Sucrose is an established biomarker for sugars intake, allowing the objective assessment of dietary sucrose. So far, urinary excretion of sucrose was mainly determined using an enzyme assay. However, this method is time-consuming and labour-intensive. In this study, we present a mass spectrometric method for the determination of sucrose in urine using liquid chromatography with mass spectrometry (LC/MS) which can be used for large-scale epidemiological studies.
OBJECTIVE: Several short-term trials on the effect of soy consumption on cardiovascular risks are available, but little evidence exists regarding the impact of long-term soy protein consumption among type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. To determine the effects of long-term soy consumption on cardiovascular risks, we measured C-reactive protein (CRP) and kidney function indexes among type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This longitudinal randomized clinical trial was conducted among 41 type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy (18 men and 23 women). Twenty patients in the soy protein group consumed a diet containing 0.8 g protein/kg body weight (35% animal proteins, 35% textured soy protein, and 30% vegetable proteins) and 21 patients in the control group consumed a similar diet containing 70% animal proteins and 30% vegetable proteins for 4 years. RESULTS: Soy protein consumption significantly affected cardiovascular risks such as fasting plasma glucose (mean change in the soy protein versus control groups: -18 +/- 3 vs. 11 +/- 2 mg/dl; P = 0.03), total cholesterol (-23 +/- 5 vs. 10 +/- 3 mg/dl; P = 0.01), LDL cholesterol (-20 +/- 5 vs. 6 +/- 2 mg/dl; P = 0.01), and serum triglyceride (-24 +/- 6 vs. -5 +/- 2 mg/dl; P = 0.01) concentrations. Serum CRP levels were significantly decreased by soy protein intake compared with those in the control group (1.31 +/- 0.6 vs. 0.33 +/- 0.1 mg/l; P = 0.02). Significant improvements were also seen in proteinuria (-0.15 +/- 0.03 vs. 0.02 +/- 0.01 g/day; P = 0.001) and urinary creatinine (-1.5 +/- 0.9 vs. 0.6 +/- 0.3 mg/dl, P = 0.01) by consumption of soy protein. CONCLUSIONS: Longitudinal soy protein consumption significantly affected cardiovascular risk factors and kidney-related biomarkers among type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. 
Chronic renal failure (CRF), in the main agricultural region under reservoir based cascade irrigation in Sri Lanka has reached crisis proportion. Over 5,000 patients in the region are under treatment for CRF. The objective of this study is to establish the etiology of the CRF. Concentrations of nine heavy metals were determined in sediments, soils of reservoir peripheries, water and Nelumbo nucifera (lotus) grown in five major reservoirs that supply irrigation water. All five reservoirs carried higher levels of dissolved cadmium (Cd), iron (Fe) and lead (Pb). Dissolved Cd in reservoir water ranged from 0.03 to 0.06 mg/l. Sediment Cd concentration was 1.78-2.45 mg/kg. No arsenic (As) was detected. Cd content in lotus rhizomes was 253.82 mg/kg. The Provisional Tolerable Weekly Intake (PTWI) of Cd based on extreme exposure of rice is 8.702-15.927 microg/kg body weight (BW) for different age groups, 5-50 years. The PTWI of Cd due to extreme exposure of fish is 6.773-12.469 microg/kg BW. The PTWI on a rice staple with fish is 15.475-28.396 microg/kg BW. The mean urinary cadmium (UCd) concentration in CRF patients of age group 40-60 years was 7.58 microg Cd/g creatinine and in asymptomatic persons UCd was 11.62 microg Cd/g creatinine, indicating a chronic exposure to Cd. The possible source of Cd in reservoir sediments and water is Cd-contaminated agrochemicals. The CRF prevalent in north central Sri Lanka is a result of chronic dietary intake of Cd, supported by high natural levels of fluoride in drinking water, coupled with neglecting of routine de-silting of reservoirs for the past 20 years.
There are conflicting data on the associations between copper and glycemia, plasma lipids, and atherosclerotic diseases. Copper has both pro-oxidant and antioxidant effects. We performed a cross-sectional analysis to investigate the associations between dietary copper intake and metabolic variables and serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) in asymptomatic subjects from a population-based cohort (n = 1197) and between serum copper concentration and markers of oxidative stress, including plasma nitrotyrosine (NT) and total antioxidant status (TAS), hs-CRP, and metabolic variables in a subgroup of men from this cohort (n = 231). In all subjects, diastolic blood pressure and circulating glucose, uric acid, and total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations significantly decreased, whereas the hs-CRP concentration increased, from the lowest to the highest tertile of copper intake. In the male subgroup, glucose and total and LDL-cholesterol and TAS decreased, whereas hs-CRP and NT concentrations increased from the lowest to the highest tertile of serum copper concentration. In multiple regression models, dietary copper intake was inversely associated with diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.002), fasting glucose (P < 0.001), total cholesterol (P < 0.001), LDL-cholesterol (P < 0.001), and uric acid (P < 0.001) and was directly associated with the hs-CRP concentration (P < 0.001). Serum copper concentrations were inversely associated with glucose (P < 0.001), total cholesterol (P < 0.001), LDL-cholesterol (P < 0.001), and TAS (P < 0.001) and were directly associated with hs-CRP (P < 0.001) and NT concentrations (P < 0.001). Marginal copper deficiency is associated with an unfavorable metabolic pattern, but copper supplementation might not be recommended in view of its association with inflammation and markers of oxidative stress.
Homocysteine (Hcy) and S-adenosylhomocysteine (AdoHcy) are critical intermediates of methionine metabolism. To investigate which, if either, of these compounds is more closely related to atherosclerosis, we fed 5 groups of apolipoprotein E (apoE)-deficient mice different diets for 8 wk to induce changes in their plasma Hcy and AdoHcy concentrations. These included an AIN-93G control diet (C), this C diet supplemented with methionine (M), the M diet deficient in folates, vitamin B-6, and vitamin B-12 (M-V), this M diet supplemented with these B vitamins (M+V), and a C diet deficient in B vitamins (C-V). Compared with controls, mice fed the C-V diet had a moderate elevation in their plasma total Hcy (tHcy) levels; however, their plasma AdoHcy concentration and atherosclerotic lesion areas were not different. In contrast, the mice fed the M+V diet had larger atherosclerotic lesion areas and elevated plasma AdoHcy concentrations but their plasma tHcy concentration did not differ from that of the group C mice. The plasma AdoHcy concentration and aortic sinus lesion areas were positively correlated (r = 0.866; P < 0.001). We observed a negative correlation between the plasma AdoHcy concentration and both the DNA methyltransferase activity (r = -0.792; P < 0.001) and global DNA methylation status (r = -0.824; P < 0.001) in the aortic tissue. Hence, our study suggests that plasma AdoHcy is a better biomarker of atherosclerosis than Hcy and may accelerate the development of atherosclerotic lesions in apoE-deficient mice that have been fed a high methionine diet. The mechanisms underlying this effect may be related to the AdoHcy-mediated inhibition of DNA methylation in the aortic tissue.
The reliability and stability of plasma lipid biomarkers and their association with dietary fat intake were evaluated among 48 subjects who were randomly chosen from the participants of a validation study of the population-based cohort, the Shanghai Men's Health Study (SMHS). Four spot blood samples, one taken each season, were measured for total cholesterol, triglyceride, HDL-cholesterol, and LDL-cholesterol levels. The reliability and stability of these measurements were assessed by intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) and by the correlations between a randomly chosen measurement with the mean of measurements across seasons using a bootstrap approach. The median levels for total cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, and LDL-cholesterol were 177.5, 164.5, 41.0, and 102.5 (mg/dl), respectively. The ICCs of the biomarkers ranged from 0.58 (LDL-cholesterol) to 0.83 (HDL-cholesterol). The correlation between randomly chosen spot measurements and the mean measurement were 0.91, 0.86, 0.93, and 0.83 for total cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, and LDL-cholesterol, respectively. The correlations of lipid biomarkers with dietary fat intake and other lifestyle factors were comparable to other previous reports. In conclusion, this study suggests that measurements of lipid biomarkers from a single spot blood sample are a good representation of the average blood levels of these biomarkers in the study population and could be a useful tool for epidemiological studies.
Trial-by-trial variability in local field potential (LFP), tissue partial pressure of oxygen (PO2), cerebral blood flow (CBF), and deoxyhemoglobin-weighted optical imaging of intrinsic signals (OIS) were tested in the rat somatosensory cortex while fixed electrical forepaw stimulation (1.0-ms pulses with amplitude of 1.2 mA at a frequency of 6 Hz) was repeatedly applied. The changes in the cerebral metabolic rate of oxygen (CMRO2) were also evaluated using a hypotension condition established by our group based on the administration of a vasodilator. Under normal conditions, CBF, PO2, and OIS showed positive signal changes (48%, 32%, and 0.42%, respectively) following stimulation. Over multiple trials, the CBF responses were well correlated with the integral of the LFP amplitudes (sigmaLFP) (Rmean=0.78), whereas a lower correlation was found between PO2 and sigmaLFP (Rmean=0.60) and between OIS and sigmaLFP (Rmean=0.54). Under the hypotension condition the LFP responses were preserved, but the CBF responses were suppressed and the PO2 and OIS changes were negative (-12% and -0.28%, respectively). In this condition, the trial-by-trial variations in PO2 and OIS were well correlated with the variability in sigmaLFPs (Rmean= -0.77 and -0.76, respectively), indicating a single trial coupling between CMRO2 changes and sigmaLFP. These findings show that CBF and CMRO2 signals are more directly correlated with neural activity compared to blood oxygen-sensitive methods such as OIS and BOLD fMRI.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Sugars in diet are very difficult to measure because of the unreliability of self-reported dietary intake. Sucrose and fructose excreted in urine have been recently suggested as a biomarker for total sugars intake. To further characterize the use of this biomarker, we investigated whether urinary sugars correlated better to extrinsic compared to intrinsic sugars in the diet. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Seven male and six female healthy participants were living for 30 days in a metabolic suite under strictly controlled conditions consuming their usual diet as assessed beforehand from four consecutive 7-day food diaries kept at home. During the 30-day study, all 24 h urine specimens were collected, validated for their completeness and analysed for sucrose and fructose. RESULTS: The mean total sugars intake in the group was 202+/-69 g day(-1). Daily intake of extrinsic, intrinsic and milk sugars contributed 60.1, 34.4 and 5.5%, to the total sugars intake, respectively. The individuals' 30-day mean sugars excretion levels were significantly correlated with the 30-day means of extrinsic sugars (r=0.84; P<0.001) but not with the intrinsic sugars intake (r=0.43; P=0.144). In the regression, only extrinsic sugars intake explained a significant proportion of the variability in sugars excretion (adjusted R(2)=0.64; P=0.001); daily excretion of 100 mg sucrose and fructose in urine predicted 124 g of extrinsic total sugars in the diet. Using fewer urinary and dietary measurements in the analysis did not change the overall trend of the findings. CONCLUSIONS: In this group of volunteers, sucrose and fructose in urine better correlated to extrinsic than to intrinsic sugars intake. 
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Patients who have neurological dysphagia induced by cerebrovascular disease are at high risk of malnutrition and aspiration pneumonia. Since trace elements in serum bind to serum protein, serum trace elements concentration is influenced by serum protein concentration. In addition, serum protein concentration is influenced by malnutrition and inflammation. Therefore, evaluation of serum trace elements concentration has to consider influence of malnutrition and inflammation. In recent years, enteral formula including rich trace elements were developed to prevent trace elements deficiency. However, serum trace elements concentration showed a low level even if patients were receiving enough trace elements intake. We thought that it was effective in nutritional management of patients with malnutrition and inflammation to clarify about correlation among nutritional indices, serum trace elements, and the amount of trace element intake in tube-fed patients. In this study, we aimed to determine nutritional indices that are predictors of serum trace elements in patients with neurological dysphagia on long-term tube feeding. METHODS: Subjects were 40 elderly bedridden patients with neurological dysphagia induced by cerebrovascular disease. All subjects were fed total enteral nutrition via nasogastric tube. We investigated serum trace elements (iron, copper, zinc) and nutritional indices (body mass index, albumin, transferrin, ceruloplasmin, C-reactive protein, hemoglobin, lymphocyte, trace elements intake), and analyzed by multiple regression analysis. In addition, we divided subjects into two groups based on inflammatory response. The first group was 20 patients with inflammation (inflammation group), and another group was 20 patients without pneumonia (control group). RESULTS: Subjects were malnourished and showed inflammatory response: low body weight (55%), hypoalbuminemia (58%), moderate or severe inflammation (53%), anemia (38%). Ratio of low serum iron concentration was 43%. Ratio of high serum copper concentration was 45%. Ratio of low serum zinc concentration was 65%. Mean of trace elements intake was slightly more than requirements. In multiple regression analysis in all subjects, predictor of serum iron was hemoglobin (P<0.01) and transferrin (P<0.05), predictor of serum copper was ceruloplasmin (P<0.001) and C-reactive protein (P<0.05), predictor of serum zinc was albumin (P<0.05). In comparisons of nutritional status between inflammation group and control group, serum zinc concentration in inflammation group was significantly lower than control group. On the other hand, ceruloplasmin, C-reactive protein and serum copper concentration in inflammation group were significantly higher than control group. There was no significant difference in daily trace elements intake between inflammation group and control group. CONCLUSION: In tube-fed patients with neurological dysphagia, serum trace elements concentration was influenced by malnutrition and inflammation. It was suggested that serum trace elements concentration might not be normalized if malnutrition and inflammation are not treated. We recommend periodical monitoring of trace elements for long-term tube-fed patients with neurological dysphagia. 
INTRODUCTION: Assessment of male sexual dysfunction has been the focus of substantial scientific effort. Less research has focused on the development of instruments for the measurement of sexual functioning in aging men. AIMS: The aims of this study were: (i) to characterize the psychometric properties of a new brief, reliable, and valid measure of male sexual functioning for use in a large population survey of middle-aged and elderly European men; and (ii) specifically, to determine whether the new instrument, the European Male Ageing Study-sexual function questionnaire (EMAS-SFQ), discriminates between men with high and low levels of circulating testosterone (T) (total T, free T, and bioavailable T). METHOD: One thousand six hundred men aged 40-79 years completed the self-administered EMAS-SFQ, the Beck depression inventory, and provided a blood sample for assessment of sex hormones. Eighty-five men aged 35-74 years completed the EMAS-SFQ twice, 2 weeks apart to examine the test-retest reliability of the instrument. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Scores on the EMAS-SFQ in relation to age and T levels. RESULTS: Principal component analysis showed that the EMAS-SFQ had four distinct domains (overall sexual functioning [OSF], masturbation, sexual functioning-related distress, and change in sexual functioning). The instrument demonstrated excellent internal and test-retest reliability, as well as convergent, divergent, and discriminant validity. Men with the lowest levels of total, free, and bioavailable T reported lower OSF scores compared to men with the highest T levels. CONCLUSIONS: The EMAS-SFQ is a valid and reproducible instrument, sensitive to age and T levels. It should be suitable for the assessment of sexual health in population samples of men in epidemiological studies of aging. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate associations between nuclear cataract (determined from slitlamp photographs between May 2001 and January 2004) and lutein and zeaxanthin in the diet and serum in patients between 1994 and 1998 and macula between 2001 and 2004. DESIGN: A total of 1802 women aged 50 to 79 years in Iowa, Wisconsin, and Oregon with intakes of lutein and zeaxanthin above the 78th (high) and below the 28th (low) percentiles in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study (1994-1998) were recruited 4 to 7 years later (2001-2004) into the Carotenoids in Age-Related Eye Disease Study. RESULTS: Women in the group with high dietary levels of lutein and zeaxanthin had a 23% lower prevalence of nuclear cataract (age-adjusted odds ratio, 0.77; 95% confidence interval, 0.62-0.96) compared with those with low levels. Multivariable adjustment slightly attenuated the association (odds ratio, 0.81; 95% confidence interval, 0.65-1.01). Women in the highest quintile category of diet or serum levels of lutein and zeaxanthin as compared with those in the lowest quintile category were 32% less likely to have nuclear cataract (multivariable-adjusted odds ratio, 0.68; 95% confidence interval, 0.48-0.97; P for trend = .04; and multivariable-adjusted odds ratio, 0.68; 95% confidence interval, 0.47-0.98; P for trend = .01, respectively). Cross-sectional associations with macular pigment density were inverse but not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Diets rich in lutein and zeaxanthin are moderately associated with decreased prevalence of nuclear cataract in older women. However, other protective aspects of such diets may in part explain these relationships. 
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Habitual food and nutrient intakes of 140 Indian cataract patients and 100 age- and sex-matched controls (50-75 years), from high income group and low income groups, were assessed. METHODS: Food intake was recorded by food frequency questionnaire and data were examined for linkages with blood/lens parameters of oxidative stress through a case-control study. RESULTS: Intake of animal foods and fried snacks was significantly higher while vegetables, green leafy vegetables, fruit, tea and micronutrient intakes were lower in patients than in controls (p<0.001). Lens oxidative stress and opacity showed a significant negative association with fruit intake (p<0.05). Multiple regression analysis indicated association of intakes of iron, beta-carotene, ascorbic acid, tannic acid and inositol pentaphosphate with plasma oxidative stress (p<0.01) and association of intakes of iron, ascorbic acid and inositol triphosphate with lens oxidative stress (p<0.01). Weighted least square regression for lens opacity revealed that intakes of ascorbic acid, folic acid and inositol pentaphosphate explained 59.7% of the total variation (p<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Dietary deficiency of antioxidant micronutrients was greater for patients than controls. Deficiency of beta-carotene, ascorbic acid, folic acid, iron, phytate and polyphenols increased oxidative stress in blood and lens. 
Underreporting of energy consumption by self-report is well-recognized, but previous studies using recovery biomarkers have not been sufficiently large to establish whether participant characteristics predict misreporting. In 2004-2005, 544 participants in the Women's Health Initiative Dietary Modification Trial completed a doubly labeled water protocol (energy biomarker), 24-hour urine collection (protein biomarker), and self-reports of diet (assessed by food frequency questionnaire (FFQ)), exercise, and lifestyle habits; 111 women repeated all procedures after 6 months. Using linear regression, the authors estimated associations of participant characteristics with misreporting, defined as the extent to which the log ratio (self-reported FFQ/nutritional biomarker) was less than zero. Intervention women in the trial underreported energy intake by 32% (vs. 27% in the comparison arm) and protein intake by 15% (vs. 10%). Younger women had more underreporting of energy (p = 0.02) and protein (p = 0.001), while increasing body mass index predicted increased underreporting of energy and overreporting of percentage of energy derived from protein (p = 0.001 and p = 0.004, respectively). Blacks and Hispanics underreported more than did Caucasians. Correlations of initial measures with repeat measures (n = 111) were 0.72, 0.70, 0.46, and 0.64 for biomarker energy, FFQ energy, biomarker protein, and FFQ protein, respectively. Recovery biomarker data were used in regression equations to calibrate self-reports; the potential application of these equations to disease risk modeling is presented. The authors confirm the existence of systematic bias in dietary self-reports and provide methods of correcting for measurement error.
The aim of this study was to compare blood fatty acid profiles of two population groups: Italian and Tibetan, differing with regard to ethnic, life style and environmental aspects. Additionally the collection of two staple foods provided the opportunity to analyze typical Tibetan dishes. A new, simple, rapid, and substantially non invasive method for fatty acid (FA) analysis of blood lipids was applied to healthy Italian (n=14) and Tibetan (n=13) subjects. Blood drops obtained from the ear lobe of Tibetans or the fingertip of Italians were adsorbed by a special strip of paper and processed for fatty acid analysis. The fatty acid profiles of the two groups are different, and environmental factors, such as dietary fats and altitudes of Milan, Italy (a low altitude site), and Lhasa, Tibet (a high altitude site) appear to contribute to these differences. More specifically, in Ti-betans higher levels of monounsaturated fatty acids, including the 22 and 24 carbon molecules, were found. This appears to be derived mainly from locally consumed fats (mustard seed oil), and are associated with lower levels of total polyunsaturated fatty acids and higher levels of selected omega 3 fatty acids, when compared to the Italians. These relatively higher levels of monounsaturated fatty acids may also indicate means of adaptation to local prooxidant conditions. The observed differences in blood fatty acid profiles in Tibetans vs. Italians appear to result both from dietary factors and adaptation to local environmental conditions such as the high altitude of the Tibetan location.
In marginally nourished children, information is scarce regarding the circulating concentrations of carotenoids and tocopherols, and physiological factors influencing their circulating levels. We determined the serum concentrations of carotenoids, tocopherols and retinol at steady state and in response to a 9-week vegetable diet intervention in 9-12-year-old girls (n=54) and boys (n=65) in rural Philippines. We determined cross-sectional relationships of BMI (body mass index) with serum micronutrient levels, and whether BMI is a determinant of serum carotenoid responses to the ingestion of carotenoid-rich vegetables. We measured dietary nutrient intakes and assessed inflammation by measurement of serum C-reactive protein levels. The children had low serum concentrations of carotenoids, tocopherols and retinol as compared with published values for similar-aged children in the U.S.A. The low serum retinol levels can be ascribed to inadequate diets and were not the result of confounding due to inflammation. Significant inverse correlations of BMI and serum all-trans-beta-carotene, 13-cis-beta-carotene, alpha-carotene, lutein, zeaxanthin and alpha-tocopherol (but not beta-cryptoxanthin, lycopene and retinol) were observed among girls at baseline. The dietary intervention markedly enhanced the serum concentrations of all carotenoids. Changes in serum all-trans-beta-carotene and alpha-carotene (but not changes in lutein, zeaxanthin and beta-cryptoxanthin) in response to the dietary intervention were inversely associated with BMI in girls and boys. Thus, in Filipino school-aged children, BMI is inversely related to the steady-state serum concentrations of certain carotenoids and vitamin E, but not vitamin A, and is a determinant of serum beta- and alpha-carotene responses, but not xanthophyll responses, to the ingestion of carotenoid-rich vegetable meals.
Venous (maternal) and cord blood (neonatal) samples of Omani women who had a daily supplement of Centrum Materna multivitamin and multimineral tablet throughout pregnancy were investigated at late preterm (n=37) and at term (n=37) delivery for erythrocyte indices, micromineral, antioxidant, and lipid values. Hemoglobin (Hb), hematocrit (HCT), mean cell volume (MCV), red cell distribution width (RDW), copper (Cu), zinc (Zn), ceruloplasmin, erythrocyte Cu-Zn superoxide dismutase (Cu-Zn SOD), cholesterol, apolipoprotein (apo) A-I and apo B were measured by appropriate analytical systems. Cu/zinc and Cu/ceruloplasmin ratios were calculated. The erythrocyte indices were normal in neonatal blood but showed borderline anemia in maternal blood of both groups. There were significantly decreased values of Cu (P=0.012), Zn (P=0.001), apo A-I (P=0.029), and Cu/ceruloplasmin ratio (P=0.032) in late preterm compared to term mothers. Significantly decreased values of Cu (P=0.003), ceruloplasmin (P<0.0001), apo A-I (P=0.024), and Cu/Zn ratio (P=007) were observed in late preterm relative to term neonates. Late preterm mothers were significantly younger (P=0.027) than term mothers. Maternal age correlated positively with apo A-I (r=0.424, P=0.012) and negatively with Cu/Zn ratio (r=-0.353, P=0.040). The findings suggest that with daily dietary Centrum Materna supplementation throughout pregnancy, hematological indices were maintained within normal in mothers and neonates, but the levels of microminerals and micromineral ratios were subnormal in late preterm mothers and their neonates.
Fifty-eight men at high risk of prostate cancer or with low-grade prostate cancer were randomly assigned to consume 1 of 3 protein isolates containing 40 g protein: 1) soy protein (SPI+, 107 mg isoflavones/d); 2) alcohol-washed soy protein (SPI-, <6 mg isoflavones/d); or 3) milk protein (MPI). Proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA), epidermal growth factor receptor, B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma-2 (Bcl-2), and Bcl-2-associated X protein (Bax) were assessed in baseline and ending prostate biopsy cores. Serum collected at 0, 3, and 6 mo was analyzed for total and free prostate specific antigen (PSA). Consumption of SPI+ did not alter any of the prostate cancer tumor markers. Bax expression decreased from baseline in the SPI- group, resulting in lower Bax expression than the MPI group. PCNA expression also decreased from baseline in the SPI- group, but this was not different from the other 2 groups. PSA did not differ among the groups at 3 or 6 mo. Interestingly, a lower rate of prostate cancer developed in the soy groups compared to the milk group (P = 0.01). These data suggest that 6-mo SPI+ consumption does not alter prostate tissue biomarkers, SPI- consumption exerts mixed effects, and less prostate cancer is detected after 6 mo of soy consumption regardless of isoflavone content.
BACKGROUND: Increasing evidence supports n-3 fatty acid (FA) supplementation for patients with psychiatric disorders, such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. However, the exact metabolic fate of dietary eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on different glyceride carriers remains unclear. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether conjugation of EPA and DHA to phospholipid (PL-n-3) or to triacylglycerol (fish oil; FO) affects their incorporation in blood compartments and influences executive functioning. DESIGN: Children aged 8-13 y with impaired visual sustained attention performance received placebo, 250 mg/d EPA + DHA esterified to PL-n-3 (300 mg/d phosphatidylserine), or FO for 3 mo in a randomized double-blind manner. Main outcome measures included plasma and erythrocyte FA profile and continuous performance test results (Test of Variables of Attention; TOVA). RESULTS: Sixty of the 83 children enrolled completed the interventions (n = 18-21 per group). There was an enrichment of EPA (1.5-2.2-fold), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA; 1.2-fold), and DHA (1.3-fold) in the PL fraction in the plasma of FO- and PL-n-3-fed children. In erythrocytes, only PL-n-3 resulted in a significant reduction (approximately 30%) of very-long-chain saturated FAs (C20-24) and in an increase (1.2- and 2.2-fold, respectively) in linoleic acid and DPA. Total TOVA scores increased in the PL-n-3 (mean +/- SD: 3.35 +/- 1.86) and FO (1.72 +/- 1.67) groups but not in the placebo group (-0.42 +/- 2.51) (PL-n-3 > FO > placebo; P < 0.001). A significant correlation between the alterations in FAs and increased TOVA scores mainly occurred in the PL-n-3 group. CONCLUSION: Consumption of EPA+DHA esterified to different carriers had different effects on the incorporation of these FAs in blood fractions and on the visual sustained attention performance in children. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00382616. 
BACKGROUND: Total antioxidant capacity (TAC) provides an assessment of antioxidant activity and synergistic interactions of redox molecules in foods and plasma. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the validity and reproducibility of food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ)-based TAC estimates assessed by oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC), total radical-trapping antioxidant parameters (TRAP), and ferric-reducing antioxidant power (FRAP) food values. DESIGN: Validity and reproducibility were evaluated in 2 random samples from the Swedish Mammography Cohort. Validity was studied by comparing FFQ-based TAC estimates with one measurement of plasma TAC in 108 women (54-73-y-old dietary supplement nonusers). Reproducibility was studied in 300 women (56-75 y old, 50.7% dietary supplement nonusers) who completed 2 FFQs 1 y apart. RESULTS: Fruit and vegetables (mainly apples, pears, oranges, and berries) were the major contributors to FFQ-based ORAC (56.5%), TRAP (41.7%), and FRAP (38.0%) estimates. In the validity study, whole plasma ORAC was correlated (Pearson) with FFQ-based ORAC (r = 0.35), TRAP (r = 0.31), and FRAP (r = 0.28) estimates from fruit and vegetables. Correlations between lipophilic plasma ORAC and FFQ-based ORAC, TRAP, and FRAP estimates from fruit and vegetables were 0.41, 0.31, and 0.28, and correlations with plasma TRAP estimates were 0.31, 0.30, and 0.28, respectively. Hydrophilic plasma ORAC and plasma FRAP values did not correlate with FFQ-based TAC estimates. Reproducibility, assessed by intraclass correlations, was 0.60, 0.61, and 0.61 for FFQ-based ORAC, TRAP, and FRAP estimates, respectively, from fruit and vegetables. CONCLUSIONS: FFQ-based TAC values represent valid and reproducible estimates that may be used in nutritional epidemiology to assess antioxidant intake from foods. Further studies in other populations to confirm these results are needed. 
OBJECTIVES: For the empirical treatment of cystitis, clinicians are often guided by susceptibility data taken from urinary samples that sent to regional microbiological laboratories, which are not representatives for uncomplicated urinary tract infections (UTIs). To offer adequate recommendations, the distribution and susceptibility pattern of uropathogens in uncomplicated UTIs in women were compared with those obtained 10 years ago in our uropathogen surveillance in a primary healthcare setting. METHODS: Sixty-six general practitioners in the region of the city of Ghent were asked to inoculate a dipslide with midstream urine from every adult female patient with complaints suggestive for cystitis, during a period of 1 year. The dipslides were further processed in a central microbiological laboratory, where counting, identification and susceptibility testing were performed. RESULTS: Three hundred specimens were collected, of which 187 (62.3%) yielded a positive culture of 10(5) cfu/mL. In the age group of 18-54 years, Escherichia coli was the most frequently isolated uropathogen (77.5%), followed by Staphylococcus saprophyticus (13.5%) and Proteus spp. (2.7%). There were no statistically significant differences when compared with the data from 1996. In 2006, susceptibility of E. coli to nitrofurantoin was 100%, to quinolones 100%, to ampicillin 62.8% and to co-trimoxazole 86%, compared with 99.3%, 99.3%, 73.2% and 83.3%, respectively, in 1996 (no statistically significant differences). CONCLUSIONS: Over a period of 10 years, a systematic surveillance of uropathogens in female patients with uncomplicated UTI in general practice could not demonstrate a significant change in species distribution or antimicrobial susceptibility. 
AIM: This emergency department (ED) study compared the value of plasma ethyl glucuronide (EtG) testing with the information about alcohol consumption obtained using the standard alcohol biomarkers gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) and carbohydrate-deficient transferring (CDT) and the AUDIT questionnaire. METHODS: Minimally injured and clinically non-intoxicated male patients (n = 81) admitted to an ED were screened regarding their alcohol consumption, using the computerized AUDIT questionnaire and a paper-and-pencil assessment including the type, amount and time of alcohol intake. Blood samples were collected for determination of ethanol, EtG (LC-MS) and GGT in plasma and %CDT in serum (Axis-Shield %CDT immunoassay). RESULTS: Out of the 81 patients, 23 (28%) were positive (>/=8 points) on the AUDIT questionnaire. Only 3 (4%) showed a detectable ethanol concentration (range 0.01-0.07 g/L) but 31 (38%) showed a detectable EtG (0.16-39.5 mg/L). In four patients, EtG was detectable in plasma for >48 h after estimated completed elimination of ethanol. EtG was not correlated with the long-term biomarkers %CDT or GGT, or the AUDIT results, but with the time since estimated completed ethanol elimination. CONCLUSION: EtG testing in blood was found useful in the ED as a way to detect recent drinking, even in cases of a negative ethanol test, and to confirm abstinence from alcohol. This sensitive and specific short-term biomarker provides valuable additional information about individual drinking habits and might also be helpful to identify an alcohol hangover. 
The aim of this study is to validate the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Vaginal Symptoms (ICIQ-VS) in Portuguese. Two hundred four women (108 symptomatic, 94 asymptomatic, and two with no data) with mean age of 55.4 years received a Portuguese version of the ICIQ-VS. Clinical data and pelvic organ prolapse quantification index (POP-Q) were obtained. Retest was performed 3 weeks later. Responsiveness was assessed after 20 weeks of postsurgical follow-up. Overall, most patients presented POP-Q > 2. ICIQ-VS demonstrated good psychometric properties (validity, reliability and responsiveness). The test-retest reliability was moderate to excellent for all questions. The construct validation distinguished differences in ICIQ-VS scores between symptomatic (ICIQ-VS5a > 0) and asymptomatic (ICIQ-VS5a = 0) women. ICIQ-VS was highly responsive to surgical treatment and discriminated between levels of change in the vaginal symptoms score, sexual matters score, quality-of-life score, and POP-Q. The Portuguese version of ICIQ-VS was successfully validated.
Quercetin, a polyphenolic compound and a major bioflavonoid in the human diet, has anti-inflammatory properties and has been postulated to enhance energy expenditure (EE). We sought to determine whether quercetin alters body weight, body composition, EE, and circulating markers of inflammation. At 6 weeks (W) of age, 2 cohorts of C57BL/6J mice (N = 80) were placed on one of 2 diets for 3W or 8W: (1) high fat (HF) (45% kcal fat) or (2) high fat + quercetin (HF + Q) (45% kcal fat + 0.8% quercetin). Quercetin concentrations in the diet and plasma were evaluated using mass spectrometry. Body weight, composition (nuclear magnetic resonance), and food consumption were measured weekly. Energy expenditure was measured by indirect calorimetry at 3 and 8W, and inflammatory markers were measured in plasma obtained at 8W. The presence of quercetin in the HF diet did not alter food consumption over time in the HF + Q group and did not differ from the HF group at any time point. However, circulating plasma quercetin concentrations declined between 3 and 8W. At 3W, EE was higher during both day and night phases (P < .0001) in the HF + Q group compared with the HF group; but this difference was not detected at 8W and did not translate into significant differences between the HF + Q and HF groups with respect to body weight or body composition. During the night phase, concentrations of the inflammatory markers (interferon-gamma, interleukin-1alpha, and interleukin-4) were significantly lower when compared with HF treatment group (P < .05). Dietary supplementation with quercetin produces transient (3W) increases in EE that are not detected after 8W on the diet. A corresponding decrease in circulating quercetin between 3 and 8W suggests that metabolic adaptation may have diminished the impact of quercetin's early effect on EE and diminished its overall effect on nutrient partitioning and adiposity. However, quercetin at the levels provided was effective in reducing circulating markers of inflammation observed in animals on an HF diet at 8W.
Adult rats submitted to perinatal salt overload presented renin-angiotensin system (RAS) functional disturbances. The RAS contributes to the renal development and renal damage in a 5/6 nephrectomy model. The aim of the present study was to analyze the renal structure and function of offspring from dams that received a high-salt intake during pregnancy and lactation. We also evaluated the influence of the prenatal high-salt intake on the evolution of 5/6 nephrectomy in adult rats. A total of 111 sixty-day-old rat pups from dams that received saline or water during pregnancy and lactation were submitted to 5/6 nephrectomy (nephrectomized) or to a sham operation (sham). The animals were killed 120 days after surgery, and the kidneys were removed for immunohistochemical and histological analysis. Systolic blood pressure (SBP), albuminuria, and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) were evaluated. Increased SBP, albuminuria, and decreased GFR were observed in the rats from dams submitted to high-sodium intake before surgery. However, there was no difference in these parameters between the groups after the 5/6 nephrectomy. The scores for tubulointerstitial lesions and glomerulosclerosis were higher in the rats from the sham saline group compared to the same age control rats, but there was no difference in the histological findings between the groups of nephrectomized rats. In conclusion, our data showed that the high-salt intake during pregnancy and lactation in rats leads to structural changes in the kidney of adult offspring. However, the progression of the renal lesions after 5/6 nephrectomy was similar in both groups.
Dioxin-like activity was measured in the serum of 1425 Flemish men and women via the CALUX assay. The adults, aged between 50 and 65 years, participated in a large biomonitoring program, executed by the Flemish Center of Expertise for Environment and Health between 2002 and 2006. Within the context of this biomonitoring program also dietary intake of dioxin-like contaminants was assessed through a food frequency questionnaire. The relation between the estimated dietary intake and the dioxin-like activity in serum was evaluated using multivariate analyses: a logistic model was performed on the total population, while a linear regression analysis was done on the subsample with quantifiable dioxin activity levels in serum. Region, gender, age, BMI, smoking status, as well as dietary habits were entered in the model, with dioxin level as an outcome estimate. Both the logistic and linear model confirmed the contribution of dietary intake to the dioxin activity measured in serum. Also BMI and region were found to be associated with dioxin activity levels.
BACKGROUND: Aging is associated with low-grade elevation of circulating inflammatory markers, leading to increased risk of morbidity and mortality. The Mediterranean diet has been suggested as a determinant of longevity. In the current study, we investigated the impact of the Mediterranean diet on inflammatory status in old subjects. METHODS: Within the ZINCAGE study, 957 healthy old subjects (>or=60 years old) from five European countries were recruited. Plasma interleukin (IL)-6, IL-8, monocyte chemoattractant protein, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) were measured. Dietary data were collected applying a food frequency questionnaire and were used to estimate adherence to the Mediterranean diet. RESULTS: The Italians presented the greatest adherence to the Mediterranean diet, while the Polish the poorest. In females, higher diet score was significantly associated with lower body mass index and ESR and higher HDL-C levels (beta=-0.127, p=0.003; beta=-0.144, p=0.001; beta=0.144, p=0.029, respectively). In males, diet score was negatively associated with IL-8 levels (beta=-0.101, p=0.044). The Mediterranean diet was associated with reduced IL-8 concentrations in Greeks (beta=-0.213, p=0.007). CONCLUSIONS: There were significant effects of the components of the Mediterranean diet on inflammation markers. The Mediterranean diet score is useful in assessing nutritional influence on immune status. 
BACKGROUND: Desaturase indexes, as markers of endogenous fatty acid desaturation, and a characteristic serum fatty acid (FA) composition are related to cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, but the relation to mortality is poorly investigated. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to evaluate the relation between dietary fat biomarkers, desaturase indexes, and mortality. DESIGN: In this community-based prospective sample, 50-y-old men were followed for a maximum of 33.7 y. Cox proportional hazard analysis was conducted to investigate desaturase indexes (stearoyl-CoA-desaturase and Delta(6)- and Delta(5)-desaturase) and the relation of individual serum esterified fatty acids (FAs) in relation to total and cardiovascular mortality in the total study sample (n = 2009) and in a healthy subsample (n = 1885). Desaturase indexes were estimated as product-to-precursor FA ratios. RESULTS: During follow-up, 1012 men in the total sample died and 931 men in the healthy subsample died. Desaturase indexes predicted both total and cardiovascular mortality. The relations were independent of smoking status, physical activity, BMI, total cholesterol, and hypertension. The adjusted and standardized (per SD) hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs for cardiovascular mortality were 1.15 (1.04, 1.27) for stearoyl-CoA-desaturase, 1.12 (1.0, 1.24) for Delta(6)-desaturase, and 0.88 (0.80, 0.98) for Delta(5)-desaturase, respectively. The proportion of serum linoleic acid was inversely related, whereas serum FAs associated with saturated fat intake (palmitic, palmitoleic, and dihomo-gamma-linolenic acids) were directly related to total and cardiovascular mortality. CONCLUSIONS: Altered endogenous FA desaturation might contribute to mortality risk because we observed independent associations between desaturase activity indexes and mortality. The proportion of linoleic acid was inversely related, and FAs reflecting saturated fat intake were directly related to mortality. 
Fish consumption is associated with a lower incidence of CVD and decreases in risk factors for atherosclerosis. Although fish contains other interesting components than fish oil, few studies focus on total fish composition and the influence food preparation might have on health-beneficial components. In the present cross-over intervention study the effect of a 6-week herring diet compared with a reference diet on CVD risk factors was investigated. Thirty-five healthy, but overweight, men (mean BMI 28.3 kg/m2) were randomised to a 6-week herring diet (150 g baked herring fillets/d, 5 d/week) or a reference diet (150 g baked lean pork and chicken fillets/d, 5 d/week). Diets were switched after a 12-week washout period. Plasma total cholesterol, TAG, HDL, HDL2, HDL3, LDL, C-reactive protein, IL-6, IL-18, intercellular adhesion molecule-1, oxidised LDL, oxygen radical absorbance capacity using perchloric acid (ORACPCA), whole-blood fatty acids, bleeding time and blood pressure were measured at the beginning and end of each dietary period. HDL was significantly higher after the herring diet period compared with after the reference diet period: 1.04 v. 0.99 mmol/l. TAG decreased after both diets, with no significant difference between the two diets. ORACPCA values did not indicate lower concentrations of non-protein plasma antioxidants, and oxidised LDL was not higher after the herring diet than after the reference diet. To conclude, a 6-week herring-rich diet significantly raised HDL compared with a diet of matched lean pork and chicken dishes. No adverse effects on in vivo oxidation or serum antioxidants were found after herring intake.
Little information is available to estimate water-soluble vitamin intakes from urinary vitamins and their metabolite contents as possible nutritional markers. Determination of the relationships between the oral dose and urinary excretion of water-soluble vitamins in human subjects contributes to finding valid nutrition markers of water-soluble vitamin intakes. Six female Japanese college students were given a standard Japanese diet in the first week, the same diet with a synthesized water-soluble vitamin mixture as a diet with approximately onefold vitamin mixture based on Dietary Reference Intakes (DRIs) for Japanese in the second week, with a threefold vitamin mixture in the third week, and a sixfold mixture in the fourth week. Water-soluble vitamins and their metabolites were measured in the 24-h urine collected each week. All urinary vitamins and their metabolite levels except vitamin B(12) increased linearly in a dose-dependent manner, and highly correlated with vitamin intake (r=0.959 for vitamin B(1), r=0.927 for vitamin B(2), r=0.965 for vitamin B(6), r=0.957 for niacin, r=0.934 for pantothenic acid, r=0.907 for folic acid, r=0.962 for biotin, and r=0.952 for vitamin C). These results suggest that measuring urinary water-soluble vitamins and their metabolite levels can be used as good nutritional markers for assessing vitamin intakes.
Results of animal experiments suggest that consumption of refined carbohydrates (e.g. fructose) can result in small intestinal bacterial overgrowth and increased intestinal permeability, thereby contributing to the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Furthermore, increased plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI)-1 has been linked to liver damage of various etiologies (e.g. alcohol, endotoxin, nonalcoholic). The aim of the present pilot study was to compare dietary factors, endotoxin, and PAI-1 concentrations between NAFLD patients and controls. We assessed the dietary intake of 12 patients with NAFLD and 6 control subjects. Plasma endotoxin and PAI-1 concentrations as well as hepatic expression of PAI-1 and toll-like receptor (TLR) 4 mRNA were determined. Despite similar total energy, fat, protein, and carbohydrate intakes, patients with NAFLD consumed significantly more fructose than controls. Endotoxin and PAI-1 plasma concentrations as well as hepatic TLR4 and PAI-1 mRNA expression of NAFLD patients were significantly higher than in controls. The plasma PAI-1 concentration was positively correlated with the plasma endotoxin concentration (Spearman r = 0.83; P < 0.005) and hepatic TLR4 mRNA expression (Spearman r = 0.54; P < 0.05). Hepatic mRNA expression of PAI-1 was positively associated with dietary intakes of carbohydrates (Spearman r = 0.67; P < 0.01), glucose (Spearman r = 0.58; P < 0.01), fructose (Spearman r = 0.58; P < 0.01), and sucrose (Spearman r = 0.70; P < 0.01). In conclusion, our results suggest that dietary fructose intake, increased intestinal translocation of bacterial endotoxin, and PAI-1 may contribute to the development of NAFLD in humans.
Metabolomic evaluation of urine and liver was conducted to assess the biochemical changes that occur as a result of alcohol-induced liver injury. Male C57BL/6J mice were fed an isocaloric control- or alcohol-containing liquid diet with 35% of calories from corn oil, 18% protein and 47% carbohydrate/alcohol for up to 36 days ad libitum. Alcohol treatment was initiated at 7 g/kg/day and gradually reached a final dose of 21 g/kg/day. Urine samples were collected at 22, 30 and 36 days and, in additional treatment groups, liver and serum samples were harvested at 28 days. Steatohepatitis was induced in the alcohol-fed group since a 5-fold increase in serum alanine aminotransferase activity, a 6-fold increase in liver injury score (necrosis, inflammation and steatosis) and an increase in lipid peroxidation in liver were observed. Liver and urine samples were analyzed by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy and electrospray infusion/Fourier transform ion cyclotron resonance-mass spectrometry. In livers of alcohol-treated mice the following changes were noted. Hypoxia and glycolysis were activated as evidenced by elevated levels of alanine and lactate. Tyrosine, which is required for l-DOPA and dopamine as well as thyroid hormones, was elevated possibly reflecting alterations of basal metabolism by alcohol. A 4-fold increase in the prostacyclin inhibitor 7,10,13,16-docosatetraenoic acid, a molecule important for regulation of platelet formation and blood clotting, may explain why chronic drinking causes serious bleeding problems. Metabolomic analysis of the urine revealed that alcohol treatment leads to decreased excretion of taurine, a metabolite of glutathione, and an increase in lactate, n-acetylglutamine and n-acetylglycine. Changes in the latter two metabolites suggest an inhibition of the kidney enzyme aminoacylase I and may be useful as markers for alcohol consumption.
BACKGROUND: Inflammation has been implicated in prostate carcinogenesis; therefore, the use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) has the potential of decreasing the risk of prostate cancer. However, to the authors' knowledge the precise correlation between oral NSAID use, serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA), and prostate cancer risk is unknown. To further characterize this association, the authors evaluated serum PSA levels with regard to NSAID and acetaminophen consumption in a large cross-sectional study of men in the US. METHODS: PSA levels were determined in 1319 men aged >40 years in the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). Linear regressions were performed on log-transformed PSA levels, accounting for the complex survey design, to evaluate the relations between PSA and the use of NSAIDs and acetaminophen after adjusting for the effects of age, race, educational level, smoking status, body mass index, coexisting inflammatory conditions, and heart disease. RESULTS: NSAID and acetaminophen consumption displayed a negative association with PSA levels, namely, individuals who reported using NSAIDs (19.8%) or acetaminophen (1.3%) regularly had lower PSA levels than individuals who did not take these drugs, although the impact of acetaminophen was not statistically significant. PSA levels among NSAID users were 0.9 times the levels among nondrug takers (P = .038), whereas PSA levels among acetaminophen users were 0.76 times the levels in nondrug takers (P = .14). Individuals who stated they took both NSAIDs and acetaminophen (0.99%) on a regular basis had higher PSA levels (1.8 times greater), although not statistically significantly so (P = .24), than individuals who stated they did not take either of these drugs regularly. CONCLUSIONS: The findings of the current study suggest that regular NSAID consumption may reduce serum PSA levels. Whether this is indicative of a protective effect on prostate cancer risk or masks possible prostate injury resulting in reduced detection of prostate cancer is unclear. Given the widespread consumption of NSAIDs and the regular use of PSA for the assessment of prostate cancer risk, the potential implications of the current study's findings may be substantial and warrant further investigation. 
BACKGROUND: Vitamin D plays a critical role in bone metabolism and many cellular and immunological processes. Recent research indicates that concentrations of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D], the main indicator of vitamin D status, should be in excess of 75 nmol/L. Low levels of 25(OH)D have been associated with several chronic and infectious diseases. Previous studies have reported that many otherwise healthy adults of European ancestry living in Canada have low vitamin D concentrations during the wintertime. However, those of non-European ancestry are at a higher risk of having low vitamin D levels. The main goal of this study was to examine the vitamin D status and vitamin D intake of young Canadian adults of diverse ancestry during the winter months. METHODS: One hundred and seven (107) healthy young adults self-reporting their ancestry were recruited for this study. Each participant was tested for serum 25(OH)D concentrations and related biochemistry, skin pigmentation indices and basic anthropometric measures. A seven-day food diary was used to assess their vitamin D intake. An ANOVA was used to test for significant differences in the variables among groups of different ancestry. Linear regression was employed to assess the impact of relevant variables on serum 25(OH)D concentrations. RESULTS: More than 93% of the total sample had concentrations below 75 nmol/L. Almost three-quarters of the subjects had concentrations below 50 nmol/L. There were significant differences in serum 25(OH)D levels (p < 0.001) and vitamin D intake (p = 0.034) between population groups. Only the European group had a mean vitamin D intake exceeding the current Recommended Adequate Intake (RAI = 200 IU/day). Total vitamin D intake (from diet and supplements) was significantly associated with 25(OH)D levels (p < 0.001). Skin pigmentation, assessed by measuring skin melanin content, showed an inverse relationship with serum 25(OH)D (p = 0.033). CONCLUSION: We observe that low vitamin D levels are more prevalent in our sample of young healthy adults than previously reported, particularly amongst those of non-European ancestry. Major factors influencing 25(OH)D levels were vitamin D intake and skin pigmentation. These data suggest a need to increase vitamin D intake either through improved fortification and/or supplementation. 
Gender-related impact of alcohol consumption on blood pressure (BP), serum lipoprotein profile, and C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations was evaluated prospectively. Alcohol drinking status was assessed as abstainers and categories of light, moderate, and heavy (daily >40 ml ethanol) intake. Mean age of the 3,443 men and women who were followed up for a mean of 7.4 years was 47.6+/-12 years. In each multivariable linear or logistic regression analysis, alcohol drinking status was adjusted for age, sex, smoking status, and physical activity. Among men, drinking was significantly associated positively with low-density lipo protein (LDL) cholesterol, apolipoprotein (apo) B, systolic and diastolic BP, and with CRP in a log-linear manner exhibiting features of a threshold at heavy drinking. With respect to response of serum triglycerides to light-to-moderate drinking, whereas men exhibited a significant increase, women exhibited a decline (P<.05). Lower BPs (P<.03) and CRP levels (P=.032) were observed in female drinkers than abstainers and, as distinct from men, no increases in LDL cholesterol and apoB were noted. Heavy drinking tended to protect the sexes against the risk of developing low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in prospective multi adjusted analyses. Sex modulates response of cardiometabolic risk variables to moderate alcohol consumption among Turks. Only women respond with lower triglycerides and CRP, whereas men show a log-linear positive association of drinking categories with BP, LDL cholesterol, apoB, and CRP.
5-Hydroxymethylfurfural (HMF) is formed in carbohydrate-rich food during acid-catalysed dehydration and in the Maillard reaction from reducing sugars. HMF is found in mg quantities per kg in various foods. HMF is mainly metabolised to 5-hydroxymethyl-2-furoic acid (HMFA), but unknown quantities of the mutagenic 5-sulphoxymethylfurfural (SMF) may also be formed, making HMF potentially hazardous to humans. We determined the HMF content in Norwegian food items and estimated the dietary intake of HMF in 53 volunteers by means of 24h dietary recall. The estimated intakes of HMF were correlated with urinary excretion of HMFA. Coffee, prunes, dark beer, canned peaches and raisins had the highest levels of HMF. The 95th percentile of the estimated daily dietary intake of HMF and the 24h urinary excretion of HMFA were 27.6 and 28.6mg, respectively. Coffee, dried fruit, honey and alcohol were identified as independent determinants of urinary HMFA excretion. Most participants had lower estimated HMF intake than the amount of HMFA excreted in urine. In spite of this there was a significant correlation (r=0.57, P<0.001) between the estimated HMF intake and urinary HMFA. Further studies are needed to reveal alternative sources for HMF exposure.
We have earlier demonstrated that muesli enriched with oat beta-glucan effectively lowered serum LDL cholesterol. Addition of plant stanols further lowered LDL cholesterol. Besides these hypocholesterolemic effects, beta-glucan and plant stanol esters (PSE) may also affect inflammatory processes. Forty-two mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects randomly consumed for 4 wk (crossover design) control muesli (4.8 g control fiber), beta-glucan muesli (4.8 g oat beta-glucan), or combination muesli (4.8 g oat beta-glucan plus 1.4 g stanol as PSE). Changes in cytokine production (IL-6, IL-8, and TNF-alpha) of LPS-stimulated peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) and whole blood were evaluated, as well as changes in plasma high-sensitivity (hs)-CRP. Additionally, changes in expression profiles of 84 genes involved in atherosclerosis metabolism were assessed in isolated PBMC. IL-6, IL-8, and TNF-alpha production by PBMC and whole blood after LPS stimulation did not differ between the treatments. Also high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels were similar. beta-Glucan consumption did not change gene expression, while only 3 genes (ADFP, CDH5, CSF2) out of the 84 genes from the atherosclerotic risk panel were differentially expressed (p < 0.05) after consumption of PSE. Consumption of beta-glucan with or without PSE did not influence inflammatory parameters in mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects.
BACKGROUND: Children from low-income families may be subject to high exposures to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) which can lead to respiratory disorders. This study aims to establish methods for assessing total PAH exposure of asthmatic and non-asthmatic children from low-income families; to estimate serum PAH concentrations of these children, and to estimate the relative importance of the environmental pathways for PAH exposure. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 75 (61 asthmatic, 14 non-asthmatic) Saudi children 15 years old and below were included to participate in this cross-sectional study. Each participant answered a generalized questionnaire with dietary questions. Serum PAH were measured using HPLC with UV detection. RESULTS: Serum naphthalene and pyrene were significantly elevated among asthmatic children (p-values = 0.007 and 0.01, respectively). Serum acenaphthylene, fluorine and 1,2-benzanthracene, on the other hand, were significantly higher among non-asthmatics (p-values = 0.001, 0.04 and 0.03, respectively). There was a significant correlation between the presence of a smoker in the family and serum concentrations of carbazole, pyrene, 1,2-benzanthracene and benzacephenanthrylene (R = 0.37, 0.45, 0.43, 0.33; p-values = 0.01, 0.0002, 0.003 and 0.025, respectively). Significant correlations were elicited between daily meat intake and serum levels of acenaphthylene, benzopyrene and 1,2-benzanthracene (R = 0.27, 0.27, 0.33; p-values = 0.02 and < 0.001, respectively). CONCLUSION: Among the children, serum PAH were significantly correlated to meat intake as well as presence of smokers at home. Public health awareness should be enhanced by educating parents to take certain precautions at home, such as preventing indoor smoking and reducing the intake of grilled and smoked meat by children so as to decrease their exposure to carcinogenic PAH. 
Assessing dietary intake in children is difficult and limited validated tools exist. Plasma carotenoids are nutritional biomarkers of fruit and vegetable intake and therefore suitable to validate reported dietary intakes. The aim of this study was to examine the comparative validity of a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ), completed by parents reporting child fruit and vegetable intake compared to plasma carotenoid concentrations. A sample of children aged 5-12 years (n = 93) from a range of weight categories were assessed. Dietary intake was measured using a 137-item semi-quantitative FFQ. Plasma carotenoids were measured using reverse phase high-performance liquid chromatography. Pearson correlation coefficients between reported dietary intake of carotenoids and plasma carotenoid concentrations were strongest after adjustment for BMI (beta-carotene (r = 0.56, P < 0.05), alpha-carotene (r = 0.51, P < 0.001), cryptoxanthin (r = 0.32, P < 0.001)). Significantly lower levels (P < 0.05) of all plasma carotenoids, except lutein, were found among overweight and obese children when compared to healthy weight children. Parental report of children's carotenoid intakes, using a FFQ can be used to provide a relative validation of fruit and vegetable intake. The lower plasma carotenoid concentrations found in overweight and obese children requires further investigation.
OBJECTIVE: To revise, validate and test for reliability an anal sphincter rupture questionnaire in relation to construct, content and face validity. SETTING AND BACKGROUND: Since 1996 women with anal sphincter rupture (ASR) at one of the public university hospitals in Copenhagen, Denmark have been offered pelvic floor muscle examination and instruction by a specialist physiotherapist. In relation to that, a non-validated questionnaire about anal and urinary incontinence was to be answered six months after childbirth. METHOD: The original questionnaire was revised and a pilot test was performed among health care personnel, followed by an expert panel discussion. Ten women were interviewed about their understanding and attitude toward answering the questionnaire and it was pre-tested on 52 women with ASR. The questionnaire was revised five times during the validation process. The final version was test-retested among 20 women with ASR. RESULTS: The questionnaire revealed typical problems after ASR. The length, use of language, and the way the questionnaire was constructed, was deemed appropriate. The reliability test showed good to very good correlation (Kappa values from 0.733 to 0.923) in all main questions but one. Two questions needed further explanation. Seven women made minor errors. CONCLUSION: The validated Danish questionnaire has a good construct, content and face validity. It is a well accepted, reliable, simple and clinically relevant screening tool. It reveals physical problems including sexual problems, impact on quality of life and need for treatment among women 6-8 months after ASR. 
Vitamin K acts as a cofactor during the gamma-carboxylation of vitamin K-dependent proteins. Undercarboxylated osteocalcin (ucOC) is a suggested biomarker of vitamin K status. The +2255 polymorphism of the vitamin K epoxide reductase gene (VKORC1) was shown to be associated with the recycling rate of the active form of vitamin K. We investigated the association between dietary vitamin K intake and serum ucOC and hypothesized that this association might vary by VKORC1 genotype. ucOC and total intact osteocalcin (iOC) concentrations were quantified using specific ELISA tests in serum samples of 548 male and female participants (aged 18-81 years) of the Bavarian Food Consumption Survey II. ucOC was expressed relative to iOC (ucOC/iOC ratio). Dietary intake of vitamin K (phylloquinone and menaquinones) was estimated from three 24 h dietary recalls using previously published food composition data. The association between dietary vitamin K intake and ucOC/iOC ratio was analysed using linear and non-linear regression models. Median intakes of phylloquinone/menaquinones were 83.4/37.6 microg/d in men and 79.6/29.8 microg/d in women, respectively. As expected, vitamin K intake was significantly inversely associated with the ucOC/iOC ratio. The ucOC/iOC ratio differed significantly across variants of the +2255 polymorphism in the VKORC1 gene. Stratification by VKORC1+2255 genotype revealed that only in carriers of the GG genotype (39 % of all participants) did the ucOC/iOC ratio significantly decrease with increasing intake of vitamin K. Thus, the results show that the inverse association between dietary vitamin K intake and serum ucOC depends on a functionally relevant allelic variant of the VKORC1 gene.
Two experiments were carried out with broiler breeders (experiment 1) and laying hens (experiment 2) to study the effects of Se sources, in interaction with dietary level of Se or dietary fats on performance, Se incorporation into tissues (blood, liver, breast muscle, and egg) and eggs, hatchability, and glutathione peroxidase (GPX) activities in tissues and blood. Both experiments involved a 3 x 2 factorial arrangement of 3 Se sources (selenite, Se yeast, or B-Traxim Se) and either 2 levels of each source (0.1 or 0.3 mg/kg) or 2 fats (fresh or oxidized). Egg production was not affected by Se source or dietary fat in both experiments. Egg production was greater (P < 0.01) in breeder hens fed 0.3 mg/kg of Se in experiment 1. Hatchability of eggs from hens fed 0.1 mg/kg of Se was lower (P < 0.05) in hens fed Se yeast, whereas from hens fed 0.3 mg/kg of Se, it was comparable across treatments. Selenium in egg, liver, and breast muscle was greater (P < 0.01 or <0.05) in hens fed the greater concentration of Se. Eggs from breeder hens fed organic Se sources had greater (P < 0.01) Se content than those of inorganic source. Egg albumen from breeder fed Se yeast had the greatest Se (P < 0.01), whereas egg yolk from hens fed B-Traxim Se had the greatest Se (P < 0.05). These parameters were affected by interaction between dietary Se level and source (P < 0.01 or < 0.05). Selenium contents in liver and breast muscle were greater (P < 0.01) in hens fed Se yeast compared with hens fed other sources of Se. In experiment 1, liver GPX was greater (P < 0.01) in hens fed selenite or Se yeast, whereas plasma GPX was greater (P < 0.01) in hens fed selenite compared with B-Traxim Se or Se yeast. Supplementation with oxidized fat increased (P < 0.05) GPX in blood and liver. B-Traxim Se decreased (P < 0.05) malondialdehyde content in breast muscle of layers. It is concluded that broiler breeders require supplementation of 0.3 mg/kg of Se, and that there are numerous measurable advantages in using organic rather than inorganic sources for both breeders and layers.
BACKGROUND: Plasma phospholipid fatty acids have been correlated with food intakes in populations with homogeneous dietary patterns. However, few data are available on populations with heterogeneous dietary patterns. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate whether plasma phospholipid fatty acids are suitable biomarkers of dietary intakes across populations involved in a large European multicenter study. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study design nested to the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) was conducted to determine plasma fatty acid profiles in >3,000 subjects from 16 centers, who had also completed 24-h dietary recalls and dietary questionnaires. Plasma fatty acids were assessed by capillary gas chromatography. Ecological and individual correlations were calculated between fatty acids and select food groups. RESULTS: The most important determinant of plasma fatty acids was region, which suggests that the variations across regions are largely due to different food intakes. Strong ecological correlations were observed between fish intake and long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (r = 0.78, P < 0.01), olive oil and oleic acid (r = 0.73, P < 0.01), and margarine and elaidic acid (r = 0.76, P < 0.01). Individual correlations varied across the regions, particularly between olive oil and oleic acid and between alcohol and the saturation index, as an indicator of stearoyl CoA desaturase activity. CONCLUSIONS: These findings indicate that specific plasma phospholipid fatty acids are suitable biomarkers of some food intakes in the EPIC Study. Moreover, these findings suggest complex interactions between alcohol intake and fatty acid metabolism, which warrants further attention in epidemiologic studies relating dietary fatty acids to alcohol-related cancers and other chronic diseases. 
OBJECTIVE: Dietary supplementation of a soy protein enriched with isoflavones (HDI) has been shown to improve fatty liver in obese rats. The main objective of this study was to investigate whether HDI would influence the inflammatory status in livers of obese rats with fatty liver. METHODS: Male obese Zucker fa/fa rats were fed casein (controls) or casein supplemented with HDI (containing 4.00 g of genistein and 4.50 g of daidzein per kilogram of diet) for 6 wk. RESULTS: The HDI-fed rats had a markedly lower hepatic concentration of triacylglycerol when compared with controls. The decreased aspartate transaminase/alanine transaminase ratio in plasma, together with lower circulating levels of alkaline phosphatase and bile acids after HDI feeding, implied an improved hepatitis. This was supported by decreased plasma and hepatic mRNA levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, lower plasma levels of interleukin-1beta and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, and an increased anti-inflammatory fatty acid index in plasma. HDI also seemed to protect the rats from oxidative damage, because the level of lipid peroxides in triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins after in vitro copper oxidation was lower for HDI-fed rats when compared with controls. CONCLUSION: These results show that isoflavone-enriched soy protein favorably affects biomarkers of hepatic inflammation in obese Zucker fa/fa rats with fatty liver. Thus, dietary soy proteins enriched in isoflavones may be a promising agent to improve steatohepatitis in patients. 
BACKGROUND: Estimation of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) using plasma creatinine remains controversial, especially when GFR approaches normal values. The aim was to re-examine estimated GFR (eGFR) using dual-reference GFR measurements. METHODS: eGFR (simplified modified Modification of Diet in Renal Disease equation) was compared with GFR measured with iohexol for predicting GFR measured with (51)Cr-ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA). Dual six-sample GFR (20-240 min postinjection) was measured in 60 patients and 20 normal volunteers with (51)Cr-EDTA (GFR(EDTA)) and iohexol (GFR(iohexol)) injected into separate arms and sampled contralaterally. This was repeated in the normal volunteers under fasting conditions (twice in nine). Percentage bias, imprecision (SD of bias) and disagreement (sign-less difference) between eGFR and GFR(EDTA) were compared with those between GFR(iohexol) and GFR(EDTA). RESULTS: Changes between fasting and postprandial eGFR correlated significantly with corresponding changes in GFR(iohexol) and GFR(EDTA). eGFR predicted GFR(EDTA) less precisely (SD 19.9%) than GFR(iohexol) (10.5%; P < 0.01). Although eGFR showed a poorer correlation with GFR(EDTA) when GFR(EDTA) > 80 mL/min/1.73 m(2) compared with <80 mL/min/1.73 m(2), there was no significant difference with respect to imprecision or disagreement of >20 or 30%. However, eGFR was closer than GFR(iohexol) to GFR(EDTA) in a higher fraction of studies when GFR(EDTA) > 80 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (28/60) than when it was <80 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (9/37; P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: eGFR is inferior to GFR(iohexol) for predicting GFR(EDTA). The disagreement between GFR(iohexol) and GFR(EDTA) illustrates the extent to which uncertainty in GFR(EDTA) contributes to the performance of eGFR. eGFR performs no better at lower, compared with higher levels of GFR. 
From cell studies, Vitamin K is known to exert anticancer effects on a variety of cancer cell lines, including prostate cancer cells. Recently, we reported an inverse association between dietary intake of menaquinones (vitamin K(2)), but not phylloquinone (vitamin K(1)), and risk of prostate cancer. In this nested case-control study including 250 prostate cancer cases and 494 matched controls, we aimed to confirm this cancer-protective effect using serum undercarboxylated osteocalcin (ucOC), a biomarker of vitamin K status inversely associated with vitamin K intake. In addition, effect modification by a functionally relevant polymorphism in the vitamin K epoxide reductase gene (VKORC1) was assessed. Serum ucOC and intact total osteocalcin (iOC) were analyzed with the use of ELISA tests. Serum ucOC was expressed relative to iOC (i.e., as ucOC/iOC ratio). Conditional logistic regression was used to calculate multivariate adjusted odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI). Serum ucOC/iOC ratio was positively associated with advanced-stage (OR per 0.1 increment, 1.38; 95% CI, 1.03-1.86) and high-grade prostate cancer (OR, 1.21; 95% CI, 1.00-1.46) but not with total prostate cancer. The significant association with advanced-stage prostate cancer was confirmed when serum ucOC/iOC ratio was jointly modeled with menaquinone intake data. There was indication of a lower prostate cancer risk in carriers of the A allele (compared with GG carriers) of the +2255 VKORC1 polymorphism with increasing menaquinone intake (P(interaction) = 0.14) whereas no distinct effect modification was observed for the ucOC/iOC ratio (P(interaction) = 0.37). The increased risks of advanced-stage and high-grade prostate cancer with higher serum ucOC/iOC ratio strengthen the findings for dietary menaquinone intake.
Although inflammatory cytokines and obesity-associated serum proteins have been reported as biomarkers of colorectal adenoma risk in humans, little is known of biomarkers of response to interventions that attenuate tumorigenesis. Dietary navy beans and their fractions attenuate colon carcinogenesis in carcinogen-induced genetically obese mice. We hypothesized that this attenuation would be associated with changes in inflammatory cytokines and obesity-related serum proteins that may serve as measures of efficacy. ob/ob mice (n = 160) were injected with the carcinogen azoxymethane (AOM) to induce colon cancer and randomly placed on one of four diets (control, whole navy bean, bean residue fraction, or bean extract fraction) for 26 to 28 wk. Serum was analyzed for 14 inflammation- or obesity-related proteins, and colon RNA was analyzed for expression of 84 inflammation-associated genes. Six of 14 serum proteins were increased [i.e., interleukin (IL)-4, IL-5, IL-6, IL-10, IFN gamma, granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor] in hyperplastic/dysplastic stages of colon carcinogenesis. Bean-fed mice had significantly higher monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 and lower IL-6 levels in serum. In colon mucosa, 55 of 84 inflammation-associated genes differed between AOM-induced and noninduced mice. Of the 55 AOM-induced genes, 5 were counteracted by bean diets, including IL-6 whose increase in expression levels was attenuated by bean diets in AOM-induced mice. In summary, IL-6 emerged as a serum protein that was increased in hyperplastic/dysplastic stages of colon carcinogenesis, but attenuated with bean-based diet in serum and colon mucosa. Changes in a subset of inflammation-associated serum proteins and colon gene expression may serve as response indicators of dietary attenuation of colon carcinogenesis.
UDP-glucuronosyltransferase (UGT) 1A1 glucuronidates bilirubin, estrogens, and xenobiotic compounds. The UGT1A1*28 polymorphism results in lower promoter activity due to 7 thymine-adenine (TA) repeats rather than the more common 6 TA repeats. Previously, we showed that serum bilirubin, a marker of UGT1A1 activity, was lower among individuals homozygous for the UGT1A1*28 polymorphism (7/7) when randomized to a high fruit and vegetable (F&V) diet, whereas there was no effect in individuals with the wild-type (6/6) and heterozygous (6/7) genotypes. Our objective here was to determine if we could detect genotype x diet interactions on bilirubin concentrations in an observational study. Healthy nonsmoking men (n = 146) and women (n = 147), recruited from the Seattle area, provided blood samples for genotyping and bilirubin measurements. We used multiple linear regression to assess the relationships among UGT1A1 genotype, bilirubin concentrations, and consumption of specific F&V [cruciferous vegetables, citrus fruits, and soy foods (n = 268)] based on FFQ and F&V from 6 botanical families [Cruciferae, Rosaceae, Rutaceae, Umbelliferae, Solanaceae, and Leguminosae (n = 261)] based on 3-d food records. We observed a significant interaction of UGT1A1 genotype and citrus consumption among women. Women with the 7/7 genotype who consumed > or = 0.5 daily servings of citrus fruit or foods from the Rutaceae botanical family had approximately 30% lower serum bilirubin than those with the same genotype who consumed less, whereas 6/6 and 6/7 genotypes did not differ by consumption (P for interaction = 0.006 and 0.03, respectively). These results suggest that citrus consumption may increase UGT1A1 activity among women with the 7/7 genotype.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the validity of the Northern Sweden eighty-four-item FFQ to estimate intake of fatty acids relative to 24 h diet recalls (24-HDR) and fatty acids in erythrocyte membranes. DESIGN: Participants, randomly recruited from the population-based Västerbotten Intervention Project, answered the eighty-four-item FFQ. During the following year each participant carried out ten 24-HDR. Intake of fatty acids measured by the FFQ was compared with intake by the 24-HDR and fatty acid levels in erythrocytes. SETTING: The county of Västerbotten in northern Sweden. SUBJECTS: Ninety-six men and ninety-nine women. RESULTS: Spearman correlation coefficients (rs) between intakes of the fatty acids 14 : 0, 15 : 0, 16 : 0, 17 : 0, 18 : 2n-6, 18 : 3n-3, 20 : 5n-3 and 22 : 6n-3 estimated by the FFQ and the 24-HDR were all significant and ranged from 0.29 (22 : 6n-3 in men and women) to 0.60 (16 : 0 in men), whereas significant correlations between FFQ-estimated intake and erythrocyte membrane content were only seen for milk fatty acids 14 : 0, 15 : 0 and 17 : 0 (rs = 0.23-0.34) and fish fatty acids 20 : 5n-3 and 22 : 6n-3 (rs = 0.42-0.51). CONCLUSION: The Northern Sweden eighty-four-item FFQ gives a satisfactory estimate of the intake of fish fatty acids (20 : 5n-3 and 22 : 6n-3) and milk fatty acids (15 : 0 and 17 : 0), whereas its validity for fatty acids 18 : 2n-6 and 18 : 3n-3, derived mainly from vegetable oils, cannot be shown. 
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the reliability and validity of the King's Health Questionnaire (KHQ) in both genders, which was originally developed as a health-related quality of life (HRQoL) questionnaire for female urinary incontinence for general lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS). SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Data from the International Prostate Symptom Score (IPSS) and KHQ obtained from 179 men and 75 women consulting urologists (Sample A) were analysed. Cronbach's alpha coefficient and inter-domain correlation were calculated for reliability and validity assessment, respectively. Factor analysis was used to explore the underlying factor structure of the KHQ. KHQ scores of sample A were compared with those of 330 men and 418 women consulting general practitioners (Sample B). RESULTS: Internal consistency of KHQ was acceptable with a Crohnbach's alpha of 0.721-0.915 in the total population of sample A. Correlation analysis showed convergent validity among 'Physical Limitations', 'Role Limitation' and 'Social Limitations' and discriminant validity among 'Personal Relationship', 'Emotion's and 'Sleep/Energy'. Factor analysis showed three underlying components to explain convergent and discriminant validity. In both sample A and sample B, HRQoL was impaired in the eight domains according to IPSS severity. KHQ scores of domains other than 'General Health Perception' in sample B were lower than those in sample A. CONCLUSION: The KHQ can be used as a HRQoL questionnaire for LUTS in both genders. In the future, it is expected that the KHQ could be used in clinical studies for benign prostate hyperplasia and other conditions. 
Nutritional markers have several advantages for epidemiologic and clinical assays, when compared to dietary data obtained by food frequency questionnaires. Few studies have assessed whether total polyphenol (TP) compounds provide a valid biomarker for TP intake. To date, there has been almost no literature describing methods to determine TP in complex matrices such as urine, which have many interfering substances. We report a rapid Folin-Ciocalteu method to determine TP in urine samples using Oasis((R)) MAX 96-well plate cartridges for solid phase extraction. These plates allow analysis of a high number of samples at the same time. We performed a prospective, randomized, crossover trial and one cross-sectional study with 60 volunteers from the PREDIMED trial, seeking to evaluate whether the TP in urine were correlated with polyphenol intake and could, therefore, be considered as a marker of intake of these compounds. The assay was optimized; the sensitivity and the polarity range of urine polyphenols were increased and the detection and quantification limits were significantly reduced. The metabolites in standards solution and urine samples were stable under the storage and handling conditions. In the clinical trial and the cross-sectional study, TP excreted in spot urine samples were positively correlated with TP intake, r=0.48, P<0.01 and r=0.257, P=0.04, respectively. The methodology described may be used to detect TP in urine samples, employing the high throughput of 96-well microtiter plates and reader. The method is fast and simple and it allows analysis of a large number of samples at the same time.
Adequate folate status has an important role in the prevention of chronic and developmental diseases and is considered a potential public health issue. Therefore, valid tools for measuring the vitamin intake are needed. In our previous study a folate food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) designed to measure dietary folate equivalents was developed and validated among adult women against serum and erythrocyte (red blood cell) folate and plasma homocysteine. The aim of the present study was to validate the FFQ in vegetarians (n=75). The Pearson correlation for folate intake and biomarkers was 0.41, 0.36 and -0.15 for serum and red blood cell folate and plasma homocysteine, respectively. The quadratic weighted kappa value for biomarkers was above 0.2 and the gross misclassification of subjects into quartiles was less than 10%. The FFQ is a valid tool for measuring dietary folate equivalent intake in Croatian vegetarians.
The aim of the present study was to develop and validate a folate food frequency questionnaire (FFQ)1 designed to measure dietary folate equivalents. The self-administered FFQ containing 39 items and a reference period of 1 month (i.e. the previous month), was validated against three biomarkers: serum and erythrocyte (RBC) folate, and plasma homocysteine (Hcy). Subjects were women (n=99) between the ages of 21 and 87 years. The Pearson correlation coefficients for folate intake and biomarkers were 0.36, 0.34 and -0.25 for serum and RBC folate, and plasma Hcy, respectively. A principal component factor analysis was performed on the three biomarkers to calculate the folate status factor. The Pearson correlation for the folate status factor and folate intake was 0.39. The FFQ described in this study is a valid tool for measuring folate intake expressed as dietary folate equivalents in adult women and is suitable for future investigations about the relationship between folate and disease, or as an educational tool.
BACKGROUND: Limited information is available on the association between vitamin B-12 status and intake from different dietary sources. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the relation of dietary intake of different food items with plasma vitamin B-12 concentrations in the general population. DESIGN: A cross-sectional, population-based study of 5937 subjects in 2 age groups (47-49 and 71-74 y) from the Hordaland Homocysteine Study in Norway was conducted by using a food-frequency questionnaire and measurements of plasma vitamin B-12 concentrations. RESULTS: A significant difference in plasma vitamin B-12 concentrations was observed with increasing total vitamin B-12 intake. A plateau was reached at an intake of approximately 10 microg/d. Plasma vitamin B-12 was associated with intakes of increasing amounts of vitamin B-12 from dairy products or fish (P for trend <0.001 for both) but not with intakes of vitamin B-12 from meat or eggs. For the same content of vitamin B-12, intake from dairy products led to the greatest increase in plasma vitamin B-12. Total intake of vitamin B-12, particularly from milk and fish, decreased the risk of vitamin B-12 concentrations <200 pmol/L and impaired vitamin B-12 function (vitamin B-12 <200 pmol/L and methylmalonic acid >0.27 micromol/L) in the total group and in 71-74-y-old subjects. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary intake of dairy products and fish are significant contributors to plasma vitamin B-12 and may improve plasma vitamin B-12 status. Vitamin B-12 appears to be more bioavailable from dairy products; guidelines for improving vitamin B-12 status should take this into consideration. 
The ketogenic diet (KD) and the modified Atkins diet are effective therapies for intractable epilepsy. We compared retrospectively the KD and modified Atkins diet in 27 children and also assessed serum long chain fatty acid profiles. After 3 months, using an intent-to-treat analysis, the KD was more successful, with >50% seizure reduction in 11/17 (65%) vs. 2/10 (20%) with the modified Atkins diet, p=0.03. After 6 months, however, the difference was no longer significant: 7/17 (41%) vs. 2/10 (20%) (p=0.24). We observed a preventive effect of both diets on the occurrence of status epilepticus. After 1 and 3 months of either diet, responders experienced a significant decrease in serum arachidonic acid concentration compared to non-responders. The KD and modified Atkins diet led to seizure reduction in this small pilot series, with slightly better results after 3 months with the KD, but not after 6 months. The decrease of serum arachidonic acid levels might be involved in the anticonvulsive effects of KD or modified Atkins diet.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the psychometric properties of the Japanese version of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Short Form (ICIQ-SF). METHODS: Two study samples of 180 patients with urinary incontinence were used for this psychometric evaluation. Analyses were carried out to examine the instrument's reliability and validity, as well as its responsiveness to change. RESULTS: For the ICIQ-SF items and total scores, there was no particular floor or ceiling effect. The internal consistency was sufficiently high, with a Cronbach's alpha coefficient of 0.78. In the analysis of test-retest reliability, high correlations were observed, with Kappa coefficients of 0.61 for item 1 and 0.62 for item 2, and with intra-class correlation coefficients of 0.90 for item 3 and 0.91 for the total score. For the concurrent validity, the ICIQ-SF scores were moderately to highly correlated with most of the King's Health Questionnaire (KHQ) subscales. When the severity groups, divided in quartiles, were compared with respect to the 1-h pad test and the number of daily incontinence episodes, there seemed to be linear trends in most of the ICIQ-SF scores. For responsiveness, changes in the ICIQ-SF after treatment demonstrated statistically significant correlations of more than 0.5 with changes in some of the KHQ subscale scores. All of the ICIQ-SF items and total scores significantly decreased after treatment. CONCLUSIONS: The Japanese version of the ICIQ-SF is a reliable, valid and responsive measure that performs well among patients with urinary incontinence. 
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: The purpose of this study is to validate Spanish versions of the Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory (PFDI) and Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire (PFIQ). METHODS: Spanish versions were developed using back translation and validation was performed by randomizing bilingual women to complete the Spanish or English versions of the questionnaires first. Weighted kappa statistics assessed agreement for individual questions; interclass correlation coefficients (ICC) compared primary and subscale scores. Cronbach's alpha assessed internal consistency of Spanish versions. To detect a 2.7 point difference in scores with 80% power and alpha of 0.05, 44 bilingual subjects were required. RESULTS: Individual questions showed good to excellent agreement (kappa > 0.6) for all but eight questions on the PFIQ. ICCs of primary and subscale scores for both questionnaires showed excellent agreement. (All ICC > 0.79). All Cronbach's alpha values were excellent (>0.84) for the primary scales of both questionnaires. CONCLUSIONS: Valid and reliable Spanish versions of the PFIQ and PFDI have been developed. 
BACKGROUND: In southern Europe, calcium supplementation alone is a common practice for osteoporosis prevention. The present study aimed to examine whether calcium supplementation alone could be as effective in achieving favourable changes on bone metabolism indices of Greek post-menopausal women as a holistic dietary approach combining consumption of dairy products fortified with calcium and vitamin D(3) and nutrition counselling sessions for five winter months. METHODS: A sample of 101 post-menopausal women was randomised to a dairy intervention group (IG: n = 39), receiving approximately 1200 mg of calcium and 7.5 microg of vitamin D(3) per day via fortified dairy products and attending biweekly nutrition counselling sessions; a calcium-supplemented group (SG: n = 26) receiving a total of 1200 mg calcium per day; and a control group (CG: n = 36). RESULTS: Regarding insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, a higher increase was observed for the IG compared to the changes in the CG and the SG (P = 0.049). Regarding serum parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels, the increase observed in the CG was higher than the changes observed in the other two groups but the differences were of marginal significance (P = 0.055). No significant differences were observed among groups regarding the changes in serum osteocalcin and type I collagen cross-linked C-telopeptide levels. CONCLUSIONS: The application of a holistic intervention approach combining nutrition counselling and consumption of fortified dairy products for five winter months induced some more favourable changes in IGF-I and PTH levels compared to calcium supplementation alone. Intervention periods longer than 5 months might be required to achieve significant differences among groups for bone remodelling biomarkers as well. 
AIMS: Type 2 diabetes in humans is associated with hypercoaguability; however, little is known about platelet function in mouse models of type 2 diabetes used to study this disorder. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to examine platelet aggregation, coagulation, and markers of platelet activation in a diet-induced mouse model of type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Four week old, male, C57BL/6J mice were randomized to a standard chow or high fat (60% beef lard) diet for 4 months. To examine platelet function we measured ADP-induced whole blood aggregometry, whole blood coagulation by thromboelastography, tail bleeding times, platelet microparticle and platelet expression of p-selectin and platelet expression of CD61 by flow cytometry. RESULTS: Diabetic mice exhibited less aggregation (p<0.05), less coagulation (p<0.01), prolonged tail bleeding times (n.s.), and lower agonist stimulated platelet CD61 expression (p<0.001) compared to non-diabetic mice. There was no difference in platelet microparticle and platelet p-selectin expression. CONCLUSIONS: Diet-induced type 2 diabetic mouse do not demonstrate the hypercoagulability and platelet activation typically observed in humans with this disorder. More studies are warranted to further explore platelet function in this mouse model; to determine their applicability for studying these alterations in type 2 diabetes. 
The association of blood pressure levels with the effects of alcohol intake on the vasculature has not been clarified. We evaluated the differential effects of alcohol intake on the vasculature of subjects with optimal or normal blood pressure (ONbp) and those with high normal blood pressure or higher (HNHbp) in a 6-year follow-up study. The pulse wave velocity (PWV) was measured on three occasions at an interval of 3 years in 1185 middle-aged Japanese men (age 41+/-8 years). In subjects with ONbp (n=677), a U-shaped relationship between alcohol intake (non-drinker, and light-to-moderate and heavy alcohol intake groups) and the increase in the adjusted value of PWV was observed at the end of 6 years' observation. On the other hand, in subjects with HNHbp (n=508), a U-shaped relationship was not observed. At the end of 6 years' observation, the increase in PWV was significantly more in the heavy intake group than in the light-to-moderate intake group or the non-drinker group, even after adjustment for changes in blood pressure and prescribed medication (P<0.01). In conclusion, blood pressure levels may modulate the effects of alcohol intake on the vasculature in middle-aged Japanese subjects. In subjects with ONbp, light-to-moderate alcohol intake appeared to have a possible vasculoprotective effect; on the other hand, in subjects with NHNbp, heavy alcohol intake seemed to exert a detrimental effect on the vasculature.
We investigated the adverse effect of phytate on mineral absorption and the effect of dietary phytate and age on the relationship between faecal phytate and faecal mineral excretion. Fourteen young women (aged 19-24 years) and fourteen elderly women (64-75 years) were studied for two metabolic periods (MP). In MP1, the subjects consumed a controlled high-phytate (HP) diet for 10 d; in MP2, they were on a low-phytate (LP) diet for 10 d. In each period, diet samples and complete faecal samples for 5 d were collected to analyse phytate and mineral contents. Mineral concentrations in diet and faeces were measured by inductively coupled plasma-atomic emission spectrometry. Linear regression analysis was used to examine the associations between faecal phytate and mineral excretion. The degradation rate of dietary phytate was about 77% for young women, which was significantly lower than that of elderly women (86%) (P < 0.05). Faecal phytate excretion was positively correlated with mineral excretion (Ca, P, Fe and Zn) in both the HP and LP diet groups in young women (P < 0.05). The linear relationship tended to be greater during the LP diet period compared with the HP diet period in young women. However, no association was found between phytate excretion and mineral excretion in elderly women. In summary, undegraded dietary phytate (10-20%) had a negative effect on mineral absorption in young women, and the relationship between faecal phytate and mineral excretion was affected by both dietary phytate and age.
INTRODUCTION: Patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) have an increased risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) independent of traditional risk factors. The aim of this study was to analyze the associations between diet, body composition, lipids and atheroprotective natural antibodies against phosphorylcholine (anti-PC) in patients with RA. METHODS: A total of 80 RA patients (76% women), mean age (standard deviation (SD)) 61.4 (12) years and median disease duration of 6 years, were assessed by food frequency questionnaire (FFQ), fatty acid profile in adipose tissue and whole-body dual energy x ray absorptiometry (DXA). Rheumatoid cachexia was defined as fat free mass index below the 25th percentile and fat mass index above the 50th percentile of a reference population. Blood lipids, oxidized low-density lipoprotein (oxLDL) and anti-PC levels were determined. RESULTS: The mean body mass index for the women and men was 25.0 and 27.0, respectively. Central obesity was found in 57% of the women (waist circumference >80 cm) and in 89% of the men (waist circumference >94 cm). In all, 18% of the women and 26% of the men had rheumatoid cachexia. These patients had significantly higher total cholesterol (P < 0.033), LDL (P < 0.029), and trendwise oxLDL (P = 0.056) as well as lower anti-PC IgM (P = 0.040), higher frequency of hypertension (69%) and metabolic syndrome (25%) than those without. The patients reported a high dietary intake of saturated fat, which partly correlated with fatty acid composition in adipose tissue and significantly with disease activity. However, patients with or without cachexia did not differ with respect to dietary fat intake or intake of Mediterranean-like diet. Additionally, patients on a Mediterranean-like diet had high levels of anti-PC (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: About one in five patients with low-active RA displayed rheumatoid cachexia. This condition was associated with high levels of LDL cholesterol, low levels of atheroprotective anti-PC and high frequency of hypertension, which is of interest in the context of CVD in RA. The cachexia could not be related to diet fat intake. However, patients on a Mediterranean-like diet had high anti-PC levels in spite of similar frequency of cachexia. High anti-PC levels may provide some protection against CVD. 
Ethyl glucuronide (EtG) is a direct phase-II metabolite of ethanol formed through the UDP-glucuronosyl transferase catalyzed conjugation of ethanol with glucuronic acid. It has been detected in many antemortem and postmortem biological matrices using a variety of analytical methods. Due to its long urinary elimination time, detectability in hair, specificity for ethanol exposure, and low detection limits of assays, the use of EtG has been proposed as a marker of recent ethanol intake in a variety of clinical and legal settings, including medical monitoring for relapse, emergency department patient evaluation, postmortem assessments, and transportation accident investigation. However, challenges associated with factors such as establishing appropriate cut-off levels capable of distinguishing between drinking and nonbeverage sources of ethanol exposure, nonuniform laboratory reporting limits, sample stability, and microbial activity substantially complicate accurate interpretation of results. The following review briefly explores the history, utility, and limitations of EtG in contemporary medical and forensic practice.
OBJECTIVES: The EORTC Quality of Life (QL) Group has developed a questionnaire, the EORTC QLQ-PR25, for evaluating QL in prostate cancer. The aim of this study is to assess the psychometric properties of the EORTC QLQPR25 when applied to a sample of Spanish patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: One hundred and thirty-seven prostate cancer patients with localised disease who started radiotherapy with radical intention combined with or without hormonotherapy prospectively completed the EORTC QLQ-C30 and EORTC QLQ-PR25 questionnaires three times: on the first and last day of radiotherapy and in the follow-up period. Psychometric evaluation of the questionnaires' structure, reliability and validity was conducted. RESULTS: Multitrait scaling analysis showed that many of the item-scale correlation coefficients met the standards of convergent and discriminant validity. Exceptions appeared mainly in the scales for bowel symptoms and for hormonal- treatment-related symptoms. Cronbach's coefficients of the scales were good (0.72-0.86) for the urinary symptoms and sexual function scales but they were lower (<0.70) for the bowel and hormonal treatment scales. Most scales of the EORTC QLQ-PR25 had low to moderate intercorrelations. Correlations between the scales of the QLQ-C30 and the module were generally low. Group comparison analyses showed better QL in patients with higher Performance Status. Changes in QL appeared throughout the measurements. These were in line with the treatment process. CONCLUSIONS: The EORTC QLQ-PR25 was a reliable and valid instrument when applied to a sample of Spanish prostate cancer patients. These results are in line with those of the EORTC validation study. 
The combined influence of age, smoking, alcohol, blood lead and cadmium concentrations, and serum copper, zinc, and selenium concentrations on prostate-specific antigen (PSA) in serum was investigated in a group of 57 men aged 21 years to 40 years. The subjects had no occupational exposure to metals and no other known reasons suspected of influencing prostate function or metal metabolism. No significant correlation was found between PSA and any of the explanatory variables considered. Nevertheless, when taking into account all of the above-mentioned potentially explanatory variables, the results of stepwise multiple regression showed a significant increase in PSA with respect to an increase in blood lead, and a decrease in PSA with respect to an increase in intensity of alcohol consumption. The median and range values of blood lead concentration in the 57 men were 26.0 microg L(-1) and (10.1 to 108.0) microg L(-1), respectively. These results suggest that even a low-level environmental lead exposure, common for general populations worldwide, may contribute to the risk of prostate cancer in men. The influence of lead as well as cadmium, zinc, and selenium on prostate damage and PSA should be further investigated in relatively young men for the purpose of disease prevention.
BACKGROUND: Dermatitis herpetiformis (DH) is a cutaneous manifestation of gluten-sensitive enteropathy (celiac disease). Patients with DH demonstrate circulating IgA antibodies against epidermal transglutaminase (eTG) and tissue transglutaminase (tTG). It has been suggested that eTG is the autoantigen of DH. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to characterize the autoimmune response to eTG and tTG in patients with DH on a normal or gluten-free diet (GFD). METHODS: Sera from 52 patients with DH were studied for the presence of IgA antibodies to eTG and tTG by enzyme-linked immunosorbant assay. In 38 patients, serum was obtained before initiation of a GFD, whereas 14 patients had been on a GFD for at least 2 years. RESULTS: Autoantibodies against eTG were detected in 36 of 38 patients (95%) and those against tTG in 30 of 38 patients (79%) with DH on a normal diet. Of 14 patients on a long-term GFD, 7 patients were free of DH lesions and did not require dapsone treatment. None of these patients showed circulating antibodies against eTG or tTG. The remaining 7 patients on a GFD were not able to stop taking dapsone. All these patients demonstrated anti-eTG antibodies, whereas only 3 of them showed additional reactivity against tTG. LIMITATION: Autoantibody levels against eTG and tTG before and after introduction of a GFD were not examined in the same patients. CONCLUSION: Our data suggest that antibodies to eTG are the most sensitive serologic marker in treated and untreated patients with DH and confirm the central role of eTG in the pathogenesis of this disease. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relationship between insulin resistance-associated metabolic parameters and anthropometric measurements with sugar-sweetened beverage intake and physical activity levels. DESIGN: A cross-sectional analysis of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey data collected by the National Center for Health Statistics. SETTING: Nationally representative samples of US adolescents participating in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey during the years 1999-2004. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 6967 adolescents aged 12 to 19 years. MAIN EXPOSURE: Sugar-sweetened beverage consumption and physical activity levels. OUTCOME MEASURES: Glucose and insulin concentrations, a homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), total, high-density lipoprotein, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations, triglyceride concentrations, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, waist circumference, and body mass index (calculated as weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared) percentile for age and sex. RESULTS: Multivariate linear regression analyses showed that increased sugar-sweetened beverage intake was independently associated with increased HOMA-IR, systolic blood pressure, waist circumference, and body mass index percentile for age and sex and decreased HDL cholesterol concentrations; alternatively, increased physical activity levels were independently associated with decreased HOMA-IR, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations, and triglyceride concentrations and increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations. Furthermore, low sugar-sweetened beverage intake and high physical activity levels appear to modify each others' effects of decreasing HOMA-IR and triglyceride concentrations and increasing high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: Sugar-sweetened beverage intake and physical activity levels are each independently associated with insulin resistance-associated metabolic parameters and anthropometric measurements in adolescents. Moreover, low sugar-sweetened beverage intake and high physical activity levels appear to modify each others' effects on several health-related outcome variables. 
At calving, many older cows fail to compensate the sudden demand of calcium by an adequate activation of intestinal absorption. This results in a variable degree of hypocalcaemia. Reducing intestinal availability of calcium during the close-up period can prevent milk fever. Fat-coated rice bran (FCRB) was investigated for its potential to reduce Ca availability in pre-calving cows. Fat-coated rice bran was incubated in situ to estimate ruminal degradation of dry matter and phytic acid. Also, seven dry multiparous dairy cows were used for a feeding trial in three periods of approximately 1 week each: P1: adaptation; P2: feeding of 2 kg of FCRB and P3: withdrawal of FCRB. Feed intake was recorded and daily urine samples were analysed for pH, Ca and creatinine. The bypass fraction of phytic acid (passage rate: 5%/h) was 30%. Fat-coated rice bran depressed dry matter intake in P2, resulting in a lower Ca intake. In P2 urine pH and calcium excretion were lower. Daily calcium excretion decreased after introduction of FCRB, peaked after withdrawal and dropped 2 days later. Changes in urinary Ca excretion by feeding FCRB indicate that FCRB affected Ca homeostasis in dry multiparous dairy cows.
PURPOSE: To validate two established questionnaires [Morisky and Medication Adherence Report Scale (MARS-5)] for the measurement of medical adherence of patients treated with antihypertensive drugs in primary care in Germany. SETTING: General practitioners (GPs) and their patients in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. METHODS: GPs were asked to recruit 12 consecutive patients using blood-pressure-lowering medication for at least 12 months. Patients were asked to fill out both the Morisky and MARS-5 questionnaires. The medication possession ratio (MPR) was calculated as reference standard for patients' medication adherence by using GPs' electronic patient records. The results of the questionnaires were then compared with the reference standard. RESULTS: A total of 14 GPs recruited 163 patients of which 128 were included in the analysis. Of the 128 patients, 52% were females; the age ranged from 44 to 96 years (mean 71). The overall adherence rate measured by the MPR was 62.1%. Compared to the reference standard, the Morisky Scale had a sensitivity of 31.9%, a specificity of 72.8% and a positive likelihood ratio (+LR) of 1.18. The MARS-5 had a sensitivity of 8.5%, a specificity of 97.4% and a +LR of 3.28. CONCLUSION: The Morisky Scale and the MARS-5 cannot be recommended for measuring the adherence to antihypertensive drugs in a general practice setting in Germany at this point. These results emphasize the necessity to validate questionnaires in a specific setting before using them as instruments within a trial different from the original setting(s) of validation. 
Most studies on bioavailability of phenolic antioxidants are focused in foods and beverages in which they may be easily released from the food matrix, reaching a peak in plasma antioxidant capacity 1-2 h after the intake. However, plant foods contain significant amounts of polyphenols associated with dietary fiber. The aim of the present work was to seek the bioavailability of total phenolic antioxidants associated with dietary fiber by measuring plasma antioxidant capacity in human volunteers. An acute intake of 15 g of a dietary fiber rich in associated phenolic antioxidants in healthy volunteers (n = 10) increased antioxidant capacity of plasma in relation to a control group (n = 4), becoming significant 8 h after the intake. This shows that phenolic antioxidants associated with dietary fiber are at least partially bioavailable in humans, although dietary fiber appears to delay their absorption. No significant changes were observed after long-term intake (16 weeks, 34 subjects).
OBJECTIVE: To estimate whether daily blood glucose self-monitoring reduces macrosomia when compared with weekly office testing in women with gestational diabetes. METHODS: Between January 1991 and December 1997, standard treatment at our hospital for women with diet-treated gestational diabetes included routine office monitoring of fasting blood glucose. Beginning in January 1998, blood glucose self-monitoring (four times daily) became the standard management. Women with diet-treated gestational diabetes who underwent routine office-based monitoring of fasting glucose values were compared with similar women who used blood glucose self-monitoring. The outcomes of interest were birthweight at or above 4,000 g and large for gestational age (LGA) in relation to the method of blood glucose self-monitoring. RESULTS: A total of 315 women used daily blood glucose self-monitoring, and they were compared with 675 women with weekly office-based glucose testing. Women with daily blood glucose self-monitoring had fewer macrosomic (29.5% compared with 21.9%, P=.013) and LGA neonates (34.4% compared with 23.1%, P < or = .001) and gained significantly less weight (median 0.56, interquartile range 0.22-1.08 lb per week compared with 0.74, interquartile range 0.33-1.17 lb per week, P=.009). CONCLUSION: Daily blood glucose self-monitoring, compared with weekly office-based testing, is associated with a reduction in the incidence of macrosomia. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II. 
OBJECTIVE: Dietary sodium and potassium intakes are factors known to influence blood pressure (BP) through different pathways. These mechanisms likely result in differential effects on parameters characterizing BP. The aim of the study was to evaluate relationships between both sodium and potassium intake and all BP parameters--namely systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), pulse pressure (PP) and mean arterial pressure (MAP)--simultaneously in a large general population. METHODS: The present cross-sectional analysis was performed on 4919 middle-aged men and women, participants in the SU.VI.MAX study. Dietary intake was assessed through at least three 24-h dietary records. SBP and DBP were measured twice at a single visit after 10 min rest and averaged. Analysis of covariance was used to test for difference in BP parameters across tertiles of dietary sodium and potassium intakes. RESULTS: In univariate analysis, increased dietary sodium and potassium intakes were both significantly associated with increased BP parameters (P < 0.0001). After relevant adjustments, sodium intake remained positively associated with PP (P = 0.006), whereas potassium intake became negatively associated with SBP, DBP and MAP (P < or = 0.02) but was not linked to PP (P = 0.56). CONCLUSION: The positive association between dietary sodium intake and PP observed in the present study provides further evidence for the current concept linking sodium to rise in BP through modification and stiffening of the arterial wall, whereas negative associations between dietary potassium intake and both SBP and DBP, hence MAP, support the vasodilator properties of this latter nutrient. 
BACKGROUND: Alcohol intake and smoking have been reported to influence atherosclerotic progression. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine whether the associations of alcohol intake with blood pressure (BP) and serum lipid concentrations are modified by smoking in Japanese women. METHODS: Eligible subjects were healthy female Japanese workers aged 35 to <55 years who had received periodic health examinations at workplaces in Yamagata Prefecture in Japan. Subjects were classified as smokers or nonsmokers and subclassified into 3 subgroups based on average daily reported alcohol intake: nondrinkers, light drinkers (<15 g/d), and heavy drinkers (>-15 g/d). The means of each variable (systolic and diastolic BP [SBP and DBP, respectively] and serum concentrations of total cholesterol [TC], low-density lipoprotein cholesterol [LDL-C], high-density lipoprotein cholesterol [HDL-C], and triglycerides) were compared among the 2 groups of smoking history and 3 subgroups of alcohol intake after adjusting for age and body mass index. RESULTS: A total of 16,805 healthy women were enrolled (14,695 nonsmokers, 2110 smokers). In smokers, SBP was significantly higher in heavy drinkers than in nondrinkers, and DBP was significantly higher in light drinkers and heavy drinkers than in nondrinkers (all, P < 0.01). In nonsmokers, SBP was not significantly higher in light drinkers and heavy drinkers versus nondrinkers, and the difference in DBP between heavy drinkers and nondrinkers was significant (P < 0.01), but that between light drinkers and nondrinkers was not. In smokers but not in nonsmokers, serum TC concentration was significantly lower in heavy drinkers than in nondrinkers. In smokers and nonsmokers, LDL-C was significantly lower in light and heavy drinkers than in nondrinkers (all, P < 0.01), and serum HDL-C was significantly higher in light and heavy drinkers than in nondrinkers (all, P < 0.01). The differences in mean LDL-C between light and heavy drinkers versus nondrinkers were numerically greater in smokers than in nonsmokers. CONCLUSION: In this sample of women in Japan, serum LDL-C concentration was significantly lower in drinkers than in nondrinkers, and smoking might increase this association between alcohol intake and lowered LDL-C. 
AIMS: The goal of this preliminary study was to evaluate the relationship between blood phosphatidylethanol (PEth) and recent drinking in patients with liver disease and hypertension. METHODS: Twenty-one patients with liver disease and 21 patients with essential hypertension were recruited at an academic medical center. Alcohol consumption was estimated using validated self-report methods, and blood PEth was measured by HPLC-MS/MS at a contracted laboratory. Nonparametric comparisons were made between abstainers/light drinkers, moderate drinkers consuming between 1 and 3 drinks per day, and those drinking above this level. Regression methods were used to estimate the effects of liver disease, gender, and age on the relationship between PEth and alcohol use, and to estimate the strength of the linear relationship between PEth and drinking. RESULTS: PEth differed significantly between the three drinking groups (P < 0.001). The relationship between PEth and alcohol did not differ between hypertension and liver disease patients (P = 0.696), nor by gender and age. While there was substantial variability between subjects in the PEth concentration given a similar level of reported drinking, the amount of ethanol consumed was strongly associated with the PEth concentration (P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Results support PEth measurement by HPLC-MS/MS as a promising marker of past 1- to 2-week moderate to heavy alcohol consumption in patients with and without liver disease. PEth appears useful for differentiating abstinence or light drinking from moderate to heavy consumption, but may have limited utility for differentiating moderate from heavy alcohol use. 
Diets high in trans fats are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease and components of the metabolic syndrome. The influence of these toxic fatty acids on the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease has not been significantly examined. Therefore, we sought to compare the effect of a murine diet high in trans fat to a standard high-fat diet that is devoid of trans fats but high in saturated fats. Male AKR/J mice were fed a calorically identical trans fat diet or standard high-fat diet for 10 days, 4 wk, and 8 wk. Serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT), lipid, insulin, and leptin levels were determined and the quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index (QUICKI) was calculated as a measure of insulin resistance. Additionally, hepatic triglyceride content and gene expression of several proinflammatory genes were assessed. By 8 wk, trans fat-fed mice exhibited higher ALT values than standard high-fat-fed mice (126 +/- 16 vs. 71 +/- 7 U/l, P < 0.02) despite similar hepatic triglyceride content at each time point. Trans fat-fed mice also had increased insulin resistance compared with high-fat-fed mice at 4 and 8 wk with significantly higher insulin levels and lower QUICKI values. Additionally, hepatic interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta) gene expression was 3.6-fold higher at 4 wk (P < 0.05) and 5-fold higher at 8 wk (P < 0.05) in trans fat-fed mice compared with standard high-fat-fed mice. Trans fat feeding results in higher ALT values, increased insulin resistance, and elevated IL-1beta levels compared with standard high-fat feeding.
Fine individual drug intake data, generally collected by electronic monitoring devices, reveal that individual marked random patterns are likely to persist through long therapeutic periods. This work aims to establish the relationship between irregularity in drug intake and its potential impact on therapeutic outcomes, which will also serve as a basis for more objective interventions. First we proposed a direct way to extract the necessary information representing the patient drug intake history. To provide a fair evaluation of the pharmacological performance, we revisited several classical pharmacological indices and proposed new ones in the stochastic context of patient's drug intake irregularity. To illustrate our procedure, we have considered two cases of HIV treatment using a combination of lopinavir/ritonavir (Kaletra@) for once daily and twice daily regimens. We have quantified the impact on therapeutic effect of various characteristics in dosing histories, namely missing doses and deviations from nominal times. Using our newly defined pharmacological indices, we clearly showed the ability of our probabilistic approach in measuring the impact of noncompliance. As a direct fallout, we have discussed strategies to attenuate the impact of noncompliance through an optimal design of dosing regimen.
AIM: To study the association between carbohydrate intake and serum lipids in children, and influence of apolipoprotein E phenotype (apoE) on the association. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 644 children from a prospective, randomized atherosclerosis prevention trial (STRIP) participated in this longitudinal study at age 5 (n = 644), 7 (n = 585) and 9 (n = 550) years. ApoE phenotype, fasting triglyceride, total, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol concentrations and 4-day food records were analysed. RESULTS: An increase in the total carbohydrate intake by 1 E% (percentage of total daily energy intake) associated with a decrease in HDL cholesterol by 0.006 mmol/L (p < 0.001) when adjusted for saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acid, age, gender, body mass index and STRIP study group. The inverse association between total carbohydrate intake and HDL cholesterol was evident in children with apoE3 (p < 0.001) or apoE4 (p < 0.001), but not in those with apoE2 (p = 0.78). An increase in total carbohydrate intake by 1 E% increased triglycerides by 0.02 mmol/L (p < 0.001) independently of apoE phenotype, while 1 E% increase in sucrose intake increased triglycerides by 0.01 mmol/L (p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Carbohydrate intake has a relatively small effect on serum lipids in children. Children with the apoE3 or E4 but not with E2 phenotype show reduction in HDL cholesterol with increasing carbohydrate intake indicating that genetic and environmental factors interact with children's lipoprotein metabolism. 
OBJECTIVE: To validate the Turkish translated version of short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire (PISQ-12). STUDY DESIGN: After the test-retest reliability and internal consistency were established in a pilot study, 270 patients were enrolled and general and subscale scores of the questionnaire were calculated. All participants underwent the International Continence Society (ICS) prolapse score (POP-Q) and urodynamic assessment. Main scores and scores of Prolapse Quality of Life questionnaire (PQoL) and Incontinence Impact Questionnaire (IIQ-7) were compared between patients with incontinence+/-prolapse and asymptomatic women. RESULTS: 62.24% of the participants showed urodynamic abnormality and/or leakage with or without prolapse. 28.91% had prolapse stage 3 or higher diagnosed by the POP-Q system. PISQ-12 showed a high internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha was 0.89). For test-retest reliability Spearman's rho was 0.72-0.79 for all domains. The mean scores of PISQ-12 were significantly better in asymptomatic women compared with the incontinence+/-prolapse group. Sexual function was negatively affected by prolapse and/or incontinence as assessed with PQoL and IIQ-7 questionnaires. CONCLUSION: The Turkish translated version of the PISQ-12 is a reliable, consistent and valid instrument to evaluate sexual functioning in women with urinary incontinence and/or pelvic organ prolapse. It is easy to understand that it may be easily administered and self-completed by the women. 
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the potential associations between serum asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) and several anthropometric, biochemical, and lifestyle features in healthy young adults, emphasizing on the putative effects of the antioxidant intake on ADMA concentrations. Anthropometric and blood pressure measurements as well as lifestyle features and antioxidant intake were analyzed in 93 healthy young adults aged 18 to 34 years. Fasting blood samples were collected for the measurement of glucose, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triacylglycerols, and ADMA concentrations, as well as erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase activity. Nail samples were collected for the analysis of selenium and zinc concentrations. Values of body mass index (P = .004), waist circumference (P = .008), waist-to-height ratio (P = .046), systolic blood pressure (P < .001), serum glucose (P < .001), and nail selenium (P = .004) and zinc (P = .018) were significantly different between subjects with serum ADMA higher and lower than the median (cutoff, 458 nmol/L). Furthermore, ADMA showed a positive association with several adiposity markers such as body weight (P < .001), body mass index (P < .001), waist circumference (P = .006), waist-to-height ratio (P = .020), body fat mass (P = .001), systolic blood pressure (P = .001), and serum glucose (P < .001), whereas erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase activity (P = .021) and nail selenium (P = .040) and zinc values (P = .013) were statistically significant negative predictors of ADMA concentrations. In conclusion, ADMA seems to be related with selenium and zinc status and several anthropometric and biochemical measurements linked to metabolic syndrome in apparently healthy young adults. These findings support a role for antioxidant/trace element intake in the modulation of ADMA, whose assessment may be a marker of metabolic syndrome manifestations.
BACKGROUND: Dietary carotenoids are related to a decreased risk of certain diseases. Serum and adipose tissue carotenoid concentrations are used as biomarkers of intake. OBJECTIVES: The objectives of this study were to evaluate site-specific concentrations of carotenoids in adipose tissue and to examine relations between carotenoid concentrations in the diet, serum, and adipose tissue. DESIGN: Healthy adults (12 women and 13 men) participated in this cross-sectional study. Dietary carotenoids over the past year were assessed with a food-frequency questionnaire. Serum and adipose tissue biopsy samples were collected from the abdomen, buttock, and inner thigh for the measurement of carotenoids by HPLC. RESULTS: Many adipose carotenoids were inversely related to percentage body fat, although lycopene was the only carotenoid inversely correlated with all 3 sites. Most of the carotenoids were significantly higher in the abdominal adipose tissue than in the thigh (P < 0.05). Concentrations of alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, 5-cis-lycopene, and total carotenoids were significantly higher in the buttocks than in the thigh (P < 0.05). Concentrations of alpha-carotene, cis-lycopene, and lutein (with or without zeaxanthin) were significantly higher in the abdomen than in the buttocks (P < 0.05). Dietary intake was significantly correlated with serum concentrations of alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, and total carotenoids. Carotenoid intake was significantly correlated with adipose tissue concentrations of alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, cis-lycopene, and total carotenoids (P < 0.05) but varied by site. Of all the adipose tissue sites evaluated, the abdomen showed the strongest correlation with long-term dietary carotenoid intakes and with serum (indicator of short-term intake) for most carotenoids. CONCLUSIONS: Body fat may influence the tissue distribution of carotenoids. Abdominal adipose tissue carotenoid concentrations may be a useful indicator of carotenoid status. 
Quantifying dietary behavior is difficult and can be intrusive. Calcium, an essential mineral for skeletal development during childhood, is difficult to assess. Few studies have examined the use of food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) for assessing calcium intake in school-age children. This study evaluated the validity and reliability of the Calcium Counts! FFQ (CCFFQ) for estimating calcium intake in school children in the US. Healthy children, aged 7-10 years (n = 139) completed the CCFFQ and 7-day weighed food records. A subset of subjects completed a second CCFFQ within 3.6 months. Concurrent validity was determined using Pearson correlations between the CCFFQ and food record estimates of calcium intake, and the relationship between quintiles for the two measures. Predictive validity was determined using generalized linear regression models to explore the effects of age, race, and gender. Inter- and intra-individual variability in calcium intake was high (>300 mg/day). Calcium intake was approximately 300 mg/day higher by CCFFQ compared to food records. Concurrent validity was moderate (r = 0.61) for the entire cohort and higher for selected subgroups. Predictive validity estimates yielded significant relationships between CCFFQ and food record estimates of calcium intake alone and in the presence of such potential effect modifiers as age group, race, and gender. Test-retest reliability was high (r = 0.74). Although calcium intake estimated by the CCFFQ was greater than that measured by food records, the CCFFQ provides valid and reliable estimates of calcium intake in children. The CCFFQ is especially well-suited as a tool to identify children with low calcium intakes.
The purpose of this study was to examine the hypothesis that erythrocytes that are low in n-3 fatty acids and high in trans-fatty acids and nutrient intakes are associated with the risk of atherosclerosis. Fifty patients with acute nonfatal myocardial infarction were recruited to measure their dietary intake, erythrocyte fatty acid composition, intima medial thickness (IMT), and the Gensini score, which are markers of atherosclerosis. Trans-oleic acid of erythrocytes was positively (P = .05) correlated with the carotid IMT. After adjusting for age, sex, and energy intake, the IMT was negatively associated with the intake of protein, fat, phosphate, zinc, vitamin B(1), vitamin B(2), vitamin B(6), niacin, linoleic acid, linolenic acid, total fatty acids, total n-3 fatty acids, and total n-6 fatty acids. The Gensini score was also negatively associated with the intake of protein, fat, phosphate, sodium, zinc, vitamin E, vitamin B(1), vitamin B(2), vitamin B(6), niacin, linolenic acid, total fatty acids, and total n-3 fatty acids. In conclusion, lower levels of trans-oleic acid (elaidic acid) in erythrocytes and higher intakes of vitamins, minerals, and n-3 fatty acids were associated with the decreased risk of atherosclerosis. However, these findings need further investigation in randomized controlled clinical trials before public health recommendations for atherosclerosis prevention can be made.
Cervical cancer is a leading cancer among women in developing countries. Infection with oncogenic human papillomavirus (HPV) types has been recognized as a necessary cause of this disease. Serum carotenoids and tocopherols have also been associated with risk for cervical neoplasia, but results from previous studies were not consistent. We evaluated the association of serum total carotene and tocopherols, and dietary intakes with the risk of newly diagnosed, histologically confirmed cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) grades 1, 2, 3 and invasive cancer in a hospital-based case-control study in São Paulo, Brazil. The investigation included 453 controls and 4 groups of cases (CIN1, n = 140; CIN2, n = 126; CIN3, n = 231; invasive cancer, n =108) recruited from two major public clinics between 2003 and 2005. Increasing concentrations of serum lycopene were negatively associated with CIN1, CIN3 and cancer, with odds ratios (OR) (95% CI) for the highest compared to the lowest tertile of 0.53 (0.27-1.00, p for trend = 0.05), 0.48 (0.22-1.04, p for trend = 0.05) and 0.18 (0.06-0.52, p for trend = 0.002), respectively, after adjusting for confounding variables and HPV status. Increasing concentrations of serum alpha- and gamma-tocopherols, and higher dietary intakes of dark green and deep yellow vegetables/fruit were associated with nearly 50% decreased risk of CIN3. These results support the evidence that a healthy and balanced diet leading to provide high serum levels of antioxidants may reduce cervical neoplasia risk in low-income women.
BACKGROUND: We have recently reported that the dietary supplement Meltdown increases plasma norepinephrine (NE), epinephrine (EPI), glycerol, free fatty acids (FFA), and metabolic rate in men. However, in that investigation measurements ceased at 90 minutes post ingestion, with values for blood borne variables peaking at this time. It was the purpose of the present investigation to extend the time course of measurement to 6 hours, and to include women within the design to determine if sex differences to treatment exist. METHODS: Ten men (24 +/- 4 yrs) and 10 women (22 +/- 2 yrs) ingested Meltdown or a placebo, using a randomized, cross-over design with one week separating conditions. Blood samples were collected immediately before supplementation and at one hour intervals through 6 hours post ingestion. A standard meal was provided after the hour 3 collection. Samples were assayed for EPI, NE, glycerol, and FFA. Five minute breath samples were collected at each time for measurement of metabolic rate and substrate utilization. Area under the curve (AUC) was calculated. Heart rate and blood pressure were recorded at all times. Data were also analyzed using a 2 (sex) x 2 (condition) x 7 (time) repeated measures analysis of variance, with Tukey post hoc testing. RESULTS: No sex x condition interactions were noted for AUC for any variable (p > 0.05). Hence, AUC data are collapsed across men and women. AUC was greater for Meltdown compared to placebo for EPI (367 +/- 58 pg x mL(-1) x 6 hr(-1) vs. 183 +/- 27 pg x mL(-1) x 6 hr(-1); p = 0.01), NE (2345 +/- 205 pg x mL(-1) x 6 hr(-1) vs. 1659 +/- 184 pg x mL(-1) x 6 hr(-1); p = 0.02), glycerol (79 +/- 8 microg x mL)-1) x 6 hr(-1) vs. 59 +/- 6 microg x mL(-1) x 6 hr(-1); p = 0.03), FFA (2.46 +/- 0.64 mmol x L(-1) x 6 hr(-1) vs. 1.57 +/- 0.42 mmol x L(-1) x 6 hr(-1); p = 0.05), and kilocalorie expenditure (439 +/- 26 kcal x 6 hrs(-1) vs. 380 +/- 14 kcal x 6 hrs(-1); p = 0.02). No effect was noted for substrate utilization (p = 0.39). Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure (p < 0.0001; 1-16 mmHg), as well as heart rate (p = 0.01; 1-9 bpm) were higher for Meltdown. No sex x condition x time interactions were noted for any variable (p > 0.05). CONCLUSION: Ingestion of Meltdown results in an increase in catecholamine secretion, lipolysis, and metabolic rate in young men and women, with a similar response for both sexes. Meltdown may prove to be an effective intervention strategy for fat loss, assuming individuals are normotensive and their treatment is monitored by a qualified health care professional. 
Micronutrient antioxidants are thought to be generally important for health in many animals, but factors determining levels in individuals and species are not well understood. Diet and season are obvious environmental variables that might predict the degree to which species can accumulate such nutrients. We analyzed antioxidant levels [Trolox-equivalent antioxidant capacity (TEAC), uric acid (UA), vitamin E, and four carotenoids] in 95 bird species and compared these to species-level data on diet from the literature. Using compositional principal components analysis, we identified two main axes of diet variation: invertebrate consumption and seed-to-fruit ratio. We then examined associations between diet axes and antioxidant measures, with and without control for life-history variation and phylogeny. We also analyzed a subset of 13 species for which we had data on seasonality of antioxidant levels and diet, assessing the variance in antioxidant levels explained by seasonality, diet, and species. Unsurprisingly, there were strong associations between antioxidant levels and diet. TEAC and UA concentration were consistently positively associated with invertebrate consumption and seed-to-fruit ratio, and carotenoid concentrations (e.g. zeaxanthin and beta-carotene) were negatively associated with invertebrate consumption. However, vitamin E was not associated with diet as measured here. Importantly, there is much variation in antioxidants that is not explained by diet, and we are able to identify diet-independent effects of species, season/breeding stage, and life history on antioxidant levels. Circulating antioxidant concentrations within and across species can therefore be viewed as a function of multiple factors, including but not limited to diet, and antioxidant metabolism appears to differ across species and seasons irrespective of diet.
Urine samples of patients from a heroin maintenance program (HMP) and a methadone maintenance program (MMP) were chromatographically analyzed 1 month before and 6 and 12 months into treatment for the presence of classical markers of heroin use as well as for the presence of markers for illicit heroin abuse. Furthermore, the samples were immunochemically tested for cannabinoids, cocaine metabolites, amphetamine, methylendioxyamphetamines and benzodiazepines. A co-consumption of illicit heroin (HER) in the HMP was determined to be 50% but was significantly lower compared to the MMP with a co-use of 71%. The incidence was high because not only acetylcodeine (AC) as a very specific marker was considered but also other marker substances for illicit HER use. Amphetamines played only a minor part in both collectives, and the proportion of HER and methadone patients using cocaine was similar and decreased during treatment. Also, the benzodiazepine use decreased, and cannabis use was high in both collectives during treatment. Considering only the AC in the present study, a co-use of illicit HER in the HMP was similar to previous reports concerning HER-assisted treatment programs. If additional marker substances were examined, the suspicion of a co-use of illicit HER is markedly enhanced.
BACKGROUND: There is a dearth of knowledge about the foods that Australian adults eat and a need for a flexible, easy-to-use tool that can estimate usual dietary intakes. The present study was to validate a commonly used Australian Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) food-frequency questionnaire (C-FFQ) against two 4-day weighed food records (WFR), as the reference method. METHODS: The C-FFQ, as the test item, was administrated before the WFR. Two 4-day WFR were administrated 4 weeks apart. Under-reporting was established using specific cut-off limits and estimated basal metabolic rate. Seventy-four women, aged 31-60 years, were enrolled from a free-living community setting. RESULTS: After exclusion for under-reporting, the final sample comprised 62 individuals. Correlations between protein intake from the WFR and urinary urea were significant. Overall agreement between FFQ and WFR was shown by 'levels of agreement' (LOA) and least products regressions. There was presence of fixed and proportional bias for almost half the nutrients, including energy, protein, fat and carbohydrates. For most of the nutrients that did not present bias, the LOA were 50-200%. Agreement was demonstrated for percentage dietary energy protein and fat; carbohydrate; and absolute amounts of thiamine, riboflavin, magnesium and iron. However, relative intake agreement was fair to moderate, with approximately 70% of (selected) nutrients exact or within +/-1 quintile difference. CONCLUSION: The C-FFQ is reasonable at measuring percentage energy from macronutrients and some micronutrients, and comprises a valuable tool for ranking intakes by quintiles; however, it is poor at measuring many absolute nutrient intakes relative to WFR. 
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the congruence of biomarkers, questionnaires, and interviews as instruments to assess adolescent alcohol consumption. METHOD: The methodology used was a cross-sectional study with a randomized sample. Four different methods were used to estimate high adolescent alcohol consumption. The concordance of the results was investigated. Surveys were performed, and biological specimens were collected at all schools in the county of Västmanland, Sweden, in 2001. Eighty-one boys and 119 girls from a population of 16- and 19-year-old adolescents were randomly selected from quartiles of volunteers representing various degrees of psychosocial risk behaviors. Using a questionnaire (for a 1-hour session) and in-depth interviews, subjects were assessed regarding their alcohol-use habits. Blood and hair samples were analyzed for phosphatidylethanol (PEth) and fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEEs), respectively. RESULTS: High alcohol consumption was underreported in the questionnaire compared with the interviews. PEth and FAEE analyses weakly confirmed the self-reports, and the results of the two biochemical tests did not overlap. The PEth blood test was the most specific but the least sensitive, whereas the FAEE hair test revealed low specificity and an overrepresentation of positive results in girls. CONCLUSIONS: The expected higher self-report of high alcohol consumption by interview rather than by questionnaire was confirmed partly because of the influence of a bogus pipeline procedure. The absence of overlap between PEth and FAEE results and their poor agreement with self-reports suggested that biomarkers are unsuitable as screening tools for alcohol consumption in adolescents. 
The aim of this paper is to evaluate the risks and doses for the internal contamination of the radiochemistry staff in a high workload medical cyclotron facility. The doses from internal contamination derive from the inhalation of radioactive gas leakage from the cells by personnel involved in the synthesis processes and are calculated from urine sample measurements. Various models are considered for the calculation of the effective committed dose from the analysis of these urine samples, and the results are compared with data obtained from local environmental measurement of the radioactivity released inside the lab.
BACKGROUND: Wild game hunting is a popular activity in many regions of the United States. Recently, the presence of lead fragments in wild game meat, presumably from the bullets or shot used for hunting, has raised concerns about health risks from meat consumption. OBJECTIVE: This study examined the association between blood lead levels (PbB) and wild game consumption. METHODS: We recruited 742 participants, aged 2-92 years, from six North Dakota cities. Blood lead samples were collected from 736 persons. Information on socio-demographic background, housing, lead exposure source, and types of wild game consumption (i.e., venison, other game such as moose, birds) was also collected. Generalized estimating equations (GEE) were used to determine the association between PbB and wild game consumption. RESULTS: Most participants reported consuming wild game (80.8%) obtained from hunting (98.8%). The geometric mean PbB were 1.27 and 0.84 microg/dl among persons who did and did not consume wild game, respectively. After adjusting for potential confounders, persons who consumed wild game had 0.30 microg/dl (95% confidence interval: 0.16-0.44 microg/dl) higher PbB than persons who did not. For all game types, recent (<1 month) wild game consumption was associated with higher PbB. PbB was also higher among those who consumed a larger serving size (> or = 2 oz vs. <2 oz); however, this association was significant for 'other game' consumption only. CONCLUSIONS: Participants who consumed wild game had higher PbB than those who did not consume wild game. Careful review of butchering practices and monitoring of meat-packing processes may decrease lead exposure from wild game consumption. 
OBJECTIVE: Renal disease is a major problem among diabetic patients. The type of protein consumed may affect alterations in kidney-related biomarkers in these patients. This study sought to assess the effects of soy-protein consumption on renal-related markers among type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. METHODS: A crossover, randomized clinical trial was conducted among 14 patients (10 men and 4 women). One diet contained 0.8 g/kg protein (70% animal and 30% vegetable proteins), and a similar diet contained the same amount of protein with 35% animal protein, 35% soy protein, and 30% other vegetable proteins. These two diets were prescribed in each phase of the trial for 7 weeks. There was a 4-week washout between the two phases of the study. RESULTS: Consumption of soy protein reduced urinary urea nitrogen (-0.9 +/- 0.8 vs. 0.2 +/- 0.6 mg/dL, respectively, SD; P < .001), proteinuria (-78 +/- 37 vs. 42 +/- 39 mg/day, respectively, SD; P < .001), blood sodium (-2 +/- 0.04 vs. 2.0 +/- 0.06 mg/dL, respectively, SD; P < .01), and serum phosphorus (-0.03 +/- 0.2 vs. 0.2 +/- 0.3 mg/dL, respectively, SD; P < .01) compared with animal protein. Serum and urinary creatinine, blood urea nitrogen, serum calcium, and potassium levels were not significantly changed in soy-protein versus anima-protein consumption. CONCLUSION: Soy-protein consumption reduces proteinuria in type 2 diabetes with nephropathy. 
BACKGROUND/AIMS: Genetic polymorphisms in tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) modify the association between polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and plasma high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol in a population with type 2 diabetes. The objective of this study was to determine whether this gene x diet interaction is observed in a diabetes-free population and whether it is due to n-3 or n-6 PUFA. METHODS: Subjects (n = 595) were aged 20-29 years and genotyped for the TNF-alpha -238G>A and TNF-alpha -308G>A polymorphisms. Diet was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire. Subjects were grouped as having no minor A allele at both the -238 and -308 positions (0/0), or one minor A allele at either the -238 (1/0) or the -308 (0/1) position. RESULTS: TNF-alpha genotypes modified the association between dietary PUFA and HDL-cholesterol concentrations (p = 0.04 for interaction). Among individuals with the 0/0 genotype, total PUFA was positively associated with HDL-cholesterol in both men (p = 0.008) and women (p = 0.03), and for both n-6 (p = 0.004) and n-3 (p = 0.04) PUFA. However, an inverse relationship was observed among men carrying the 1/0 genotype (p = 0.005). CONCLUSION: These findings demonstrate that TNF-alpha genotypes modify the association between dietary PUFA and HDL-cholesterol and provide further evidence that inflammation is involved in the reverse cholesterol transport. 
While KRAS activation is a fundamental initiating event in the aetiopathogenesis of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA), environmental factors influencing the occurrence and persistence of KRAS mutations remain largely unknown. The objective was to test the hypothesis that in PDA there are aetiopathogenic relationships among concentrations of some organochlorine compounds (OCs) and the mutational status of the KRAS oncogene, as well as among the latter and coffee intake. Incident cases of PDA were interviewed and had blood drawn at hospital admission (N = 103). OCs were measured by high-resolution gas chromatography with electron capture detection. Cases whose tumours harboured a KRAS mutation had higher concentrations of p,p'-dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane (DDT), p,p'-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethene (DDE) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) 138, 153 and 180 than cases with wild-type KRAS, but differences were statistically significant only for p,p'-DDT and PCBs 138 and 153. The association between coffee intake and KRAS mutations remained significant (P-trend < 0.015) when most OCs where accounted for. When p,p'-DDT, PCB 153, coffee and alcohol intake were included in the same model, all were associated with KRAS (P = 0.042, 0.007, 0.016 and 0.025, respectively). p,p'-DDT, p,p'-DDE and PCB 138 were significantly associated with the two most prevalent KRAS mutations (Val and Asp). OCs and coffee may have independent roles in the aetiopathogenesis of PDA through modulation of KRAS activation, acquisition or persistence, plausibly through non-genotoxic or epigenetic mechanisms. Given that KRAS mutations are the most frequent abnormality of oncogenes in human cancers, and the lifelong accumulation of OCs in humans, refutation or replication of the findings is required before any implications are assessed.
OBJECTIVE: Studies show low correlations between dietary intake and serum concentrations of lycopene, which make it difficult to assess the effectiveness of dietary interventions with this phytonutrient. We hypothesized that 1) combining food-frequency questionnaires (FFQs) and 3-d diet records (3D-DRs) by the triads method would improve the validity of this relation and 2) correcting dietary information for differences in lycopene absorption from food matrices would further improve validity. METHODS: We measured dietary intakes of lycopene from 49 adults by 3D-DR and FFQ. Serum lycopene was measured by high-performance liquid chromatography with diode array detection. Cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations were measured spectrophotometrically. Lycopene-containing foods were given absorption factors based on literature and laboratory values. Associations between dietary and serum lycopene were modeled using multiple regression. The triads method was used for validation of relations among FFQ, 3D-DR, and serum lycopene. RESULTS: Raw data showed low correlations between dietary and serum lycopene (r=+0.15 for 3D-DR, +0.35 for FFQ). Mathematical modeling showed that the 3D-DR and FFQ methods must be used to collect accurate dietary information for lycopene. Validity coefficients calculated by the triads method were +0.34 for 3D-DR and +0.78 for FFQ. Correcting for absorption increased the validity coefficient to +0.72 for 3D-DR and from +0.45 to +0.66 for serum lycopene. CONCLUSION: The relation between dietary intake and serum concentrations of lycopene and other carotenoids can be improved by collecting 3D-DR and FFQ data and by adjusting dietary information for nutrient absorption. 
Selenium offers important health benefits, including the prevention of some types of cancer. The traditional selenium indexes, such as selenium concentration, do not account for the metabolic status of this element regarding its chemoprotective effect. Then, the knowledge of a group of proteins that respond to selenium supplementation could be useful in the assessment of the metabolic status of selenium. The effect of dietary supplementation of rats with sodium-selenate on the blood plasma proteome is investigated. A group composed of six rats is fed a basic diet supplemented with sodium-selenate at 1.9 microg of Selenium per g of food, and a control group is fed a diet that covers the minimum selenium requirements, each for ten weeks. A proteomic approach is used to both quantify the changes in the abundance of some plasmatic proteins and to identify them. Fibrinogen, apolipoproteins, haptoglobin, and transthyretin changed significantly their abundance due to selenium administration. Those proteins are indirectly related to selenium metabolism. Then, the change in the proteomic profile due to selenium supplementation could probably be considered as a new index to assess the metabolic status of selenium. This index might help in the prevention of some diseases by nutritional diagnosis and, consequently, the adequate dietary recommendation.
The metabolome following intake of onion by-products is evaluated. Thirty-two rats were fed a diet containing an onion by-product or one of the two derived onion by-product fractions: an ethanol extract and the residue. A 24 hour urine sample was analyzed using (1)H NMR spectroscopy in order to investigate the effects of onion intake on the rat metabolism. Application of interval extended canonical variates analysis (ECVA) proved to be able to distinguish between the metabolomic profiles from rats consuming normal feed and rats fed with an onion diet. Two dietary biomarkers for onion intake were identified as dimethyl sulfone and 3-hydroxyphenylacetic acid. The same two dietary biomarkers were subsequently revealed by interval partial least squares regression (PLS) to be perfect quantitative markers for onion intake. The best PLS calibration model yielded a root mean square error of cross-validation (RMSECV) of 0.97% (w/w) with only 1 latent variable and a squared correlation coefficient of 0.94. This indicates that urine from rats on the by-product diet, the extract diet, and the residue diet all contain the same dietary biomarkers and it is concluded that dimethyl sulfone and 3-hydroxyphenylacetic acid are dietary biomarkers for onion intake. Being able to detect specific dietary biomarkers is highly beneficial in the control of nutritionally enhanced functional foods.
The fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids has been shown to reflect dietary intakes in the previous weeks or months. However, how serum phospholipids relate to fatty acid intakes over a few years has hardly been examined. We designed a cross-sectional study within the E3N cohort, the French component of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition in which female participants completed a 208-item diet history questionnaire in 1993-1995 and provided blood samples in 1995-1998. The study included 1,114 women who were free of cancer at the time of blood collection. Serum phospholipid fatty acid composition was assessed by capillary gas chromatography. Partial Spearman correlations adjusted for age and body mass index showed weak to moderate, although statistically significant, positive associations between dietary and serum oleic, linoleic, arachidonic, eicosapentaenoic, and docosahexaenoic acids. Moreover, serum oleic acid was directly associated with olive oil, linoleic acid with sunflower oil, pentadecanoic acid with dairy products, long-chain n-3 fatty acids with fatty fish, and trans-monounsaturated fatty acids with manufactured foods. In conclusion, serum phospholipid pentadecanoic acid, oleic, trans-monounsaturated, and polyunsaturated fatty acids are suitable biomarkers for usual dietary intakes, although the association may weaken as the time lag between dietary assessment and blood collection increases.
It has been demonstrated that intact plasma alkylresorcinols (AR) and urinary AR metabolites could be used as biomarkers of whole-grain intake. Thereafter, we developed the method for the plasma AR metabolites, which is more convenient and requires less sample pretreatment than the analysis of intact plasma AR. The aim of the present study is to evaluate whether AR metabolites measured in plasma, in the same population, could also be considered as useful biomarkers of cereal fibre. Fifty-six women were recruited in a cross-sectional and observational study. Dietary intake (5-d record) and plasma AR metabolites (3,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid, DHBA; 3-(3,5-dihydroxyphenyl)-1-propanoic acid, DHPPA) were measured. The relationship between plasma AR metabolites and cereal fibre intake was examined using partial correlation and stepwise regression. Cereal fibre intake correlated significantly with plasma DHBA (r 0.411; P = 0.002) and DHPPA (r 0.463; P = 0.000) even after adjustment for BMI and age. Thus, plasma AR metabolites correlate with cereal fibre intake as noted with plasma intact AR and urinary AR metabolites. We observed that plasma DHPPA was the independent predictor of cereal fibre intake, explaining 18 % of the variance (adjusted r(2) 0.176; P = 0.002). In epidemiological screening, it might be easier to obtain and to collect plasma than urine samples. In addition, the plasma AR metabolites half-life seems longer than those of intact plasma AR, and their measurements are more convenient, and faster. Thus, sum of plasma AR metabolites and more specifically plasma DHPPA seems to be good and specific biomarkers of cereal fibre intake.
An open-labeled randomized trial with parallel groups was carried out to study the effects of Dif1stat (Monascus purpureus-Linear aliphatic alcohols-Niacin) in the treatment of primary moderate hypercholesterolemia. The trial lasted 8 months. The patients, males and females, were assigned to two groups: A (#130), treated with diet, and B (#110) submitted to diet + Dif1stat. After 4 months, group A did not show significant changes in Total cholesterol (TC), LDL-cholesterol (LDLC), HDL-cholesterol (HDLC) or non-HDL-cholesterol (non-HDLC). The same group, showed a reduction in TC (-22%), LDLC (-30%) and non-HDLC (-27%) after 8 months (P < or = 0.001). After 4 months, TC (-21.3%), LDLC (-29%), and non-HDLC (-26%) were significantly lowered in group B (P < or = 0.001). In group B, TC, LDLC and non-HDLC showed a further reduction after 8 months: -29.4, -38 and -37%, respectively (P < or = 0.001). Even triglycerides (TG) decreased significantly (-33%) (P < or = 0.001). After 8 months, group B showed a significant reduction of TG (-33%) (P < or = 0.001), when compared to group A. Some safety parameters were significantly reduced in both groups: AST and gamma-GT in group A after 4 and 8 months, as well as ALT, AST and gamma-GT in group B after 8 months (P < or = 0.001). Dif1stat, given with a suitable diet, was well tolerated in the long-term and induced an anti-atherogenic plasma lipid and lipoprotein profile, in patients with moderate hypercholesterolemia.
Prospective evidence on the extent to which serum lipid concentrations in older persons respond to dietary modification is scarce. It is not clear whether such behavioral changes are relevant in the context of more commonly initiated treatments with lipid-lowering drugs. We therefore examined whether individual changes in the consumption of dietary fatty acids or main food sources were associated with changes in the serum lipid profile of older Australians. A total of 903 participants (> or =49 y) in the Blue Mountains Eye Study had complete data on fasting lipids and dietary intake from a validated FFQ at baseline (1992-1994) and 5- and 10-y follow-up examinations. Decreasing consumption of SFA and butter during the 10-y period were associated with moderate decreases in serum total cholesterol independently of initiation of lipid-lowering drug treatment [adjusted estimates were 0.018 +/- 0.007 mmol/(L x % energy (%en) from SFA (P = 0.01) and 0.055 +/- 0.015 mmol/(L x 5 g butter) (P = 0.0003), respectively]. Increased consumption of (n-3) fatty acids and fish was independently related to modest increases in serum HDL-cholesterol [0.067 +/- 0.026 mmol/(L x %en from (n-3) fatty acids) (P = 0.01) and 0.010 +/- 0.004 mmol/(L x 20 g fish) (P = 0.02)] and decreases in log-transformed serum triglyceride concentrations [P = 0.02 for (n-3) fatty acids and P = 0.02 for fish intake]. Hence, 10-y changes in the intake of dietary fatty acids and their food sources appear to have contributed to concurrent improvements in the serum lipid profile of older Australians, independent of concomitantly initiated lipid-lowering drug treatment.
Sheep grazing metal-contaminated floodplain pastures across mid-Wales ingest high concentrations of lead (Pb) in vegetation and directly in the form of soil. Sheep whole blood analysis indicated that Pb concentrations can be significantly elevated for animals grazing contaminated sites: in winter/spring, a median blood concentration of 147 microg Pb l(-1) was found at the location with the highest soil enrichment of this metal compared to only 26 microg Pbl(-1) for the control flock. There was within-flock variability in blood-Pb concentration, and overlap between blood-Pb ranges in animals grazing control and contaminated sites, although use of the Kruskal-Wallis H test established a number of significant (P<0.05) differences between the blood-Pb content of flocks grazing the various study locations. Despite total daily intakes of up to 723 mg Pb d(-1), only one individual sheep showed a blood-Pb content above the 'normal safe' concentration of 250 microg l(-1). Blood and wool analyses were found to have limited value for the diagnosis of environmental exposure to Pb, and further consideration of metal accumulation in offal, bone and muscle tissue is recommended.
OBJECTIVE: Although recent studies have shown an inverse relationship between dairy consumption and metabolic abnormalities, we are aware of no study evaluating the association between dairy consumption and circulating levels of inflammatory markers. The current study was undertaken to assess the association between the consumption of high-fat and low-fat dairy products and circulating levels of inflammatory markers among Tehrani women aged 40-60 years. DESIGN: In a cross-sectional study of 486 apparently healthy women aged 40-60 years, we assessed usual dietary intakes by means of an FFQ. Anthropometric measurements were made and fasting blood samples were taken for measuring inflammatory markers. RESULTS: The reported mean (SD) daily intake of low- and high-fat dairy consumption was 85 (SD 23) and 101 (SD 29) g/d, respectively. After control for age, BMI, waist circumference and other potential confounders, low-fat dairy consumption was inversely associated with C-reactive protein (beta = -0.04), IL-6 (beta = -0.02) and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (beta = -0.06); with further adjustment for dietary intakes, the associations remained significant just for soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (beta = -0.03). High-fat dairy intake was positively associated with log-transformed values of serum amyloid A (beta = 0.08) and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (beta = 0.05), both before and after adjustment for all potential confounding variables. No overall significant associations were found between total dairy consumption and inflammation. CONCLUSIONS: The current study indicates an independent relationship between high-fat as well as low-fat dairy consumption, not total dairy intake, and some markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. Further studies are required to identify responsible components of dairy products and related mechanisms of action. 
It has been suggested that mood disorders and depressive status may be accompanied by lowered zinc status in the body, and adequate consumption of zinc increases a general perceived well-being. The main objective of this study was to assess the correlation between serum zinc concentrations and dietary zinc intakes with depression scores in university female students. In the first phase, Beck's depression questionnaire was applied in a random sampling of 308 selected 20-25-year-old female students (one third of total students in Ahvaz Jondi-Shapour University of Medical Sciences Golestan dormitories) to assess the major depressive disorder (MDD) scales. Then, in the second phase, 23 students who identified as having moderate and severe depression were selected as the case group, and 23 healthy age matched were chosen as the controls. Each of them completed a 12-item semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire containing the main food sources of zinc in the usual dietary patterns and also a 24-h food recall questionnaire to assure the daily zinc intakes. Daily zinc intakes were obtained by multiplying each portion size by its zinc content using food tables. A 5-ml blood sample was taken for further serum zinc status using flame atomic absorption spectrophotometry technique. Pearson's r was used to show the correlation between quantitative variables. Both daily zinc intake and serum zinc concentrations of MDD group were about two thirds of healthy index (p < 0.01). Depressed individuals used to eat lower servings of red meats and chicken as the main food sources of zinc in students' usual diets (p < 0.001). Consumption of other foods as the sources of zinc was not significantly different in two groups. A linear significant correlation between dietary zinc intakes and its serum levels was seen in samples (r = 0.62; p < 0.001) and MDD students (r = 0.55; p < 0.001). There was a linear inverse correlation between Beck questionnaire scores and serum zinc concentrations in all of the investigated students(r = -0.65; p < 0.001) and MDD girls (r = -0.71; p < 0.001). Beck questionnaire scores and diatary zinc intakes were also inversly correlated (r = -0.58; p < 0.001). However, no statistical correlation was seen between these two variables in MDD cases. In depressed female students, dietary zinc intake is correlated to its serum concentrations; however, the serum zinc levels are inversely correlated to depression scales. Consumption of the main dietary sources of zinc such as red meats and chicken should be encouraged in young depressed girls.
Fish oil and shortening have been suggested to have opposite effects on cardiovascular disease (CVD). This study investigated the effect of shortening and fish oil on CVD risk factors and aorta histopathology, and the association between risk factors and aorta histopathology. Male Wister rats (n=30) were fed an AIN-93G diet containing 20% fat in the form of fish oil, shortening, or soybean oil for 4 weeks. Total cholesterol (TC), triacylglyceride (TG), and C-reactive protein levels were significantly (P<0.001) lower in the fish oil than in soybean oil and shortening groups. HDL-cholesterol concentrations were significantly different (P<0.001) between groups. In addition, LDL-cholesterol levels were significantly (P<0.001) lower in the fish oil and shortening groups than in the soybean oil group. Insulin and glucose concentrations did not differ among groups. Effect of dietary fat on tissue fatty acid composition significantly differed in abdominal fat and brain compared with RBC, heart, kidney and liver. The aortic wall was significantly (P=0.02) thinner in the fish oil group than in the soybean oil and shortening groups. The aortic wall thickness was positively correlated with TG and TC, but negatively with EPA + DHA levels of all tissues. These results suggested that fish oil had protective effects on aorta histopathology by hypolipidemic action in this rat model.
The purpose of this study was to investigate the degree of family support for diabetic patients and the diet therapy practice of patients themselves, and to analyze the relationship between family support and diet therapy practice and blood glucose control, and thus to prepare basic data for the development of effective education programs to improve blood glucose control in diabetic patients. The study subjects were 82 patients with type II diabetes, aged over 20 in the Chungbuk area. The gender distribution of subjects was 52.4% males and 47.6% females, and BMI showed 29.3% overweight and 35.3% obesity. Among the 82 study subjects, the relationship between diet therapy related family support and blood glucose control was examined in 67 subjects who answered practicing diet therapy, and the results showed that the family support score of a group with excellent blood glucose control was significantly higher than those of groups with fair or poor control (p<0.001) and the correlation between the two factors was very high (r=0.341, p<0.001). For the relationship between diet therapy practice by patients themselves and blood glucose control, diet therapy practice of a group with excellent blood glucose control was significantly higher than those of other groups (fair or poor control groups) (p<0.001) and the correlation between two factors was very high (r=0.304, p<0.001). For other factors influencing blood glucose control, a group with diabetes education showed significantly better blood glucose control compared to other groups without education (p<0.05). From the above results, diet therapy practice by patients, family support, and the necessity of diabetes education were confirmed to control blood glucose of diabetic patients. In conclusion, development and operation of education program should include not only patients but also their family members.
There is a need for objective biomarkers of dietary intake, because self-reporting is often subject to bias. We tested the validity of a biomarker for the fraction of dietary carbohydrate (CHO) from cane sugar and high fructose corn syrup (C(4) sugars) using natural (13)C abundance of plasma glucose. In a randomized, single-blinded, crossover design, 5 participants consumed 3 weight-maintaining diets for 7 d, with a 2-wk washout between diet periods. Diets differed in the fraction of total CHO energy from C(4) sugars (5, 16, or 32%). During each diet period, blood samples were drawn at hours 0800 and 1600 on d 1, 3, and 5 and at 0800, 1000, 1200, 1400, and 1600 on d 7. The delta(13)C abundance of plasma glucose was analyzed via GC- isotope ratio MS. Within each diet period, delta(13)C abundance of the 0800 fasting glucose did not change from baseline with increasing time during a diet period; however, there was a strong positive correlation (R(2) = 0.89) between delta(13)C abundance of the glucose concentration at 1000 on d 7 and the percent of breakfast CHO from C(4) sugars. Also, delta(13)C abundance of the combined plasma glucose samples on d 7 demonstrated a strong positive correlation (R(2) = 0.90) with the percent of total daily CHO from C(4) sugars. The natural delta(13)C abundance of postprandial plasma glucose relative to dietary C(4) CHO content was a valid biomarker for contributions of C(4) caloric sweeteners from the previous meal.
Fish consumption is associated with a reduced colorectal cancer risk. A possible mechanism by which fish consumption could decrease colorectal cancer risk is by reducing inflammation. However, thus far, intervention studies investigating both systemic and local gut inflammation markers are lacking. Our objective in this study was to investigate the effects of fatty and lean fish consumption on inflammation markers in serum, feces, and gut. In an intervention study, participants were randomly allocated to receive dietary advice (DA) plus either 300 g of fatty fish (salmon) or 300 g of lean fish (cod) per week for 6 mo, or only DA. Serum C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations were measured pre- and postintervention (n = 161). In a subgroup (n = 52), we explored the effects of the fish intervention on fecal calprotectin and a wide range of cytokines and chemokines in fecal water and in colonic biopsies. Serum CRP concentrations were lower in the salmon (-0.5 mg/L; 95% CI -0.9, -0.2) and cod (-0.4 mg/L; 95% CI -0.7, 0.0) groups compared with the DA group. None of the inflammation markers in fecal water and colonic biopsies differed between the DA group and the groups that consumed extra fish. In conclusion, increasing salmon or cod consumption for 6 mo resulted in lower concentrations of the systemic inflammation marker CRP. However, exploratory analysis of local markers of inflammation in the colon or feces did not reveal an effect of fish consumption.
A residue depletion study was performed to investigate the tissue kinetics and tissue-plasma correlation of methyl-3-quinoxaline-2-carboxylic acid (MQCA), the marker residue of olaquindox (OLA), in pigs. Twenty-five pigs were randomly divided into a test and a control group. The former group was treated with 100 mg/kg OLA in its feed for 30 consecutive days, and the latter was given blank feed for the same period. One control and four treated animals were slaughtered at 0.5, 3, 10, 17, and 28 days post-medication. Muscle, liver, kidney, fat, and plasma samples were collected and analyzed using the validated high-performance liquid chromatography method (HPLC). Results showed that the tissue concentration of MQCA in the liver > kidney > fat > muscle, at almost all time points. The half-lives of MQCA in the muscle, liver, kidney, fat, and plasma were 12, 8, 15, 8, and 6 days, respectively. A withdrawal period of 38 days was calculated using the statistical method recommended by the European Medical Evaluation Agency (EMEA). Good correlations between tissue and plasma MQCA levels were found in the present study with correlation coefficients of more than 0.92. These correlations would be helpful in the routine monitoring of OLA in porcine tissues, without sacrificing the animals.
Erectile dysfunction (ED) is not uncommon, but frequently underdiagnosed in type 2 diabetic men. In this study, we aimed to explore the frequency and severity of ED in Chinese type 2 diabetic men using a structured questionnaire. We furthermore sought to investigate the associations of ED with diabetes-related complications and metabolic indices. A consecutive cohort of 313 Chinese type 2 diabetic men aged between 25 and 76 years attending a diabetic centre were recruited between October 2006 and June 2007. Of the study population, the frequency of ED was 39.3% according to the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Consensus Conference criteria, compared with 84.3% (41.7% of them having moderate to severe ED) as diagnosed by International Index of Erectile Function (IIEF-5) questionnaire. After adjusting for potential confounding factors by multivariable logistic regression, ED defined by NIH criterion was associated with advanced age [OR = 1.05 (95% CI 1.01-1.09), p = 0.012], the presence of diabetic retinopathy [OR = 2.43 (95% CI 1.27-4.66), p = 0.008] and coronary heart disease [OR = 2.63 (95% CI 1.21-5.70), p = 0.015]. ED defined by IIEF-5 was associated with advanced age [OR = 1.12 (95% CI 1.06-1.17), p < 0.0001], use of insulin therapy [OR = 2.94 (95% CI 1.12-7.73), p = 0.029] and urinary albumin-creatinine ratio [OR = 2.29 (95% CI 1.05-5.01), p = 0.037]. In conclusion, ED was highly prevalent in Chinese type 2 diabetic men and was associated with multiple cardiovascular risk factors and complications. Advanced age, use of insulin therapy, the existence of microvascular complications such as retinopathy, albuminuria and coronary heart disease were associated with ED. NIH criteria diagnosed a much lower rate of ED compared with IIEF-5. Overall, structured questionnaires are useful and objective tools to detect ED, which should prompt a comprehensive risk assessment in these subjects.
BACKGROUND: Dietary fiber has health benefits, but fiber recommendations for children are controversial because fiber may displace energy. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to longitudinally evaluate dietary fiber intake in children and to study associations between growth variables, serum cholesterol concentrations, and intakes of fiber, energy, and nutrients. DESIGN: Altogether, 543 children from a prospective randomized atherosclerosis prevention trial (the Special Turku Coronary Risk factor Intervention Project; STRIP) participated in this study between the ages of 8 mo and 9 y. The intervention children (n = 264) were counseled to replace part of saturated fat with unsaturated fat. Nutrient intakes, weight, height, and serum total, HDL-, and LDL-cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations were analyzed. Children were divided into 3 groups according to mean dietary fiber intake in foods: low (lowest 10%), high (highest 10%), and average (middle 80%) fiber intakes. RESULTS: Fiber intake associated positively with energy intake and inversely with fat intake. Children with a high fiber intake received more vitamins and minerals than did children in other groups. In longitudinal growth analyses, weights and heights were similar in all 3 fiber intake groups, and fiber intake (g/d) associated positively with weight gain between 8 mo and 2 y. Serum cholesterol concentrations decreased with increasing fiber intakes. Children in the intervention group had a higher fiber intake than did the control children during the entire follow-up period. CONCLUSION: Fiber intake did not displace energy or disturb growth between 13 mo and 9 y of age. Serum cholesterol values correlated inversely with fiber intake, which indicated that part of the cholesterol-lowering intervention effect in the STRIP project may have been explained by dietary fiber. 
Few studies have evaluated the association between alcohol intake and the risk of the lymphoid neoplasms malignant lymphoma (ML) and plasma cell myeloma (PCM) among Asian populations. We conducted a large-scale population-based cohort study of 95,520 Japanese subjects (45,453 men and 50,067 women; age 40-69 years at baseline) with an average 13 years of follow-up, during which a total of 257 cases of ML and 89 of PCM were identified. Hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals were estimated using a Cox regression model adjusted for potential confounders. Alcohol intake of > or = 300 g/week was associated with a significantly lower risk of lymphoid neoplasms (hazard ratio, 0.60; 95% confidence interval, 0.37-0.98) than occasional drinking at a frequency of <1 day/month, and the trend for alcohol consumption was significant (P = 0.028). A similar trend was observed for the subcategories of ML, PCM, and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL), albeit that the results were significant only for alcohol consumption at > or = 300 g/week in NHL patients, probably due to the small number of subjects in each category. In conclusion, we found that alcohol had an inverse association with the risk of lymphoid neoplasms, particularly the risk of NHL, among a Japanese population.
The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of exercise training and diet-induced weight loss alone or in combination on inflammatory markers in circulation, in adipose tissue (AT) and in skeletal muscle (SM) in obese subjects. Seventy-nine obese subjects were randomized into a 12-wk intervention: 1) exercise only (EXO), 2) diet-induced weight loss using a very low energy diet (DIO), and 3) exercise and diet-induced weight-loss combined (DEX). Blood samples (metabolic and inflammatory markers) and AT and SM biopsies (mRNA expression) were collected at baseline and after 12 wk. In the EXO group the weight loss was 3.5 kg and in the DIO and DEX groups it was 12 kg in both. Vo(2max) was increased by 14-18% in the EXO and DEX groups with no changes in the DIO group. In the DIO and DEX groups, circulating levels of MCP-1, MIP-1alpha, IL-15, and IL-18 were decreased, and adiponectin was increased (P < 0.05 for all). In the EXO group, MCP-1 was decreased with 10% (P = 0.06). By combining the weight loss in all three groups, we found a correlation between the degree of weight loss and improvement in several of the inflammatory markers (P < 0.05). In AT biopsies, subjects in the DIO and DEX groups achieved a general beneficial but nonsignificant effect on the gene expression of inflammatory markers. In the EXO group, no changes in AT adipokine mRNA were found except for an increment of adiponectin (P < 0.05). In SM, the only observed change was that the gene expression of IL-6 was increased in all three groups (P < 0.05). In conclusion, rather large weight losses (>5-7%) were found to have beneficial effects on circulating inflammatory markers in these obese subjects. Aerobic exercise for 12 wk, which increased Vo(2max), was found to have no effects on circulating inflammatory markers in these obese patients. It is suggested that more intensive exercise may be necessary to affect systemic inflammation.
Proanthocyanidins (PAs) or condensed tannins, a major group of dietary polyphenols, are oligomers and polymers of flavan-3-ol and flavan-3, 4-diols widely distributed in plant foods. Most literature data on PAs' metabolic fate deal with PAs that can be extracted from the food matrix by aqueous-organic solvents ( extractable proanthocyanidins). However, there are no data on colonic fermentation of non-extractable proanthocyanidins (NEPAs), which arrive almost intact to the colon, mostly associated to dietary fibre (DF). The aim of the present work was to examine colonic fermentation of NEPAs associated with DF, using a model of in vitro small intestine digestion and colonic fermentation. Two NEPA-rich materials obtained from carob pod (Ceratonia siliqua L. proanthocyanidin) and red grapes (grape antioxidant dietary fibre) were used as test samples. The colonic fermentation of these two products released hydroxyphenylacetic acid, hydroxyphenylvaleric acid and two isomers of hydroxyphenylpropionic acid, detected by HPLC-ESI-MS/MS. Differences between the two products indicate that DF may enhance the yield of metabolites. In addition, the main NEPA metabolite in human plasma was 3,4-dihydroxyphenyl acetic acid. The presence in human plasma of the same metabolites as were detected after in vitro colonic fermentation of NEPAs suggests that dietary NEPAs would undergo colonic fermentation releasing absorbable metabolites with potential healthy effects.
Dietary and lifestyle changes in Mexico have been linked to an increase in chronic diseases such as obesity and cardiovascular disease. Important dietary changes such as an increase in the consumption of energy-dense foods (high in oils, animal or processed fats, and sugars) have been recently reported. The objective of this study was to identify how key dietary energy sources correlated with other indexes of cardiovascular disease in a Mexican school-age population. From 2004 to 2006, a convenience sample (n=228) of 9- to 13-year-olds, 48.2% girls and 51.8% boys, from three public urban schools were included. Anthropometric, blood pressure, and dietary assessment (two multiple pass 24-hour recalls) were done. More than half of children did not meet the fruit and vegetable recommended intake. High-fat dairy foods (14% of total energy intake), refined carbohydrates (13.5%), red/processed meat (8.5%), added sugars/desserts (7%), corn tortilla (6.5%), and soft drinks/sweetened beverages (5%) were the highest dietary energy sources consumed. In a subgroup of children (n=185), a fasting blood sample was collected for biochemical analysis. A positive association was observed between glucose and diastolic blood pressure with the intake of soft drinks/sweetened beverages, insulin concentrations and the intake of white bread, and triglyceride concentrations with the intake of added fats. Unhealthful dietary energy sources are frequently consumed by these children. Culturally competent nutrition counseling should be offered to Mexican-American children and their families with a significant risk of cardiovascular disease. Efforts should be made to design and implement nutrition education and health promotion strategies in schools.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To assess biomarkers and frequency questions as measures of fish consumption. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Participants in the Fishermen substudy numbered 125 men and 139 women (aged 22-74), and in the Health 2000 substudy, 577 men and 712 women (aged 45-74) participated. The aim of the Fishermen study was to examine the overall health effect of fish consumption in a high-consumption population, whereas the aim of the Health 2000 substudy was to obtain in-depth information on cardiovascular diseases and diabetes. Fish consumption was measured by the same validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) in both the studies, with a further two separate frequency questions used in the Fishermen substudy. Dioxins, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and methyl mercury (MeHg) (in the Fishermen substudy alone), and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) (in both studies) were analyzed from fasting serum/blood samples. RESULTS: The Spearman's correlation coefficients between FFQ fish consumption and dioxins, PCBs, MeHg and omega-3 PUFAs were respectively 0.46, 0.48, 0.43 and 0.38 among the Fishermen substudy men, and 0.28, 0.36, 0.45 and 0.31 among women. Similar correlation coefficients were observed between FFQ fish consumption and serum omega-3 PUFAs in the Health 2000 substudy, and also between FFQ fish consumption and the frequency questions on fish consumption in the Fishermen substudy. According to multiple regression modeling and LMG metrics, the most important fish consumption biomarkers were dioxins and PCBs among the men and MeHg among the women. CONCLUSIONS: Environmental contaminants seemed to be slightly better fish consumption biomarkers than omega-3 PUFAs in the Baltic Sea area. The separate frequency questions measured fish consumption equally well when compared with the FFQ. 
OBJECTIVE: We examined the association between genetic variants in the apelin system and blood pressure (BP) responses to low-sodium and high-sodium interventions in the GenSalt Study. METHODS: A 7-day low-sodium intervention (51.3 mmol sodium per day) followed by a 7-day high-sodium intervention (307.8 mmol sodium per day) was conducted among 1906 participants from 637 Han Chinese families. BP measurements were obtained at baseline and following each intervention using a random-zero sphygmomanometer. Twenty-three single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), including both tag and functional SNPs, were selected from three candidate genes (APLN, APLNR, and ACE2). Single marker and haplotype analyses were conducted using the Family Based Association Test program. The false discovery rate method was used to correct for multiple testing. RESULTS: SNPs rs2282623 and rs746886 of the APLNR gene were significantly associated with DBP (both P = 0.002) and mean arterial pressure (MAP) (P = 0.001 and 0.005, respectively) responses to low-sodium intervention. Six SNPs of the ACE2 gene were significantly associated with SBP, DBP, or MAP responses to low-sodium intervention. Three of them, rs1514283, rs1514282, and rs4646176, were also significantly associated with MAP response to high-sodium intervention (all P <or= 0.006). Haplotype analysis indicated the A-T-T haplotype of APLNR SNPs rs721608-rs2282623-rs746886 was associated with decreased DBP and MAP responses to low-sodium intervention (P = 0.001 and 0.003, respectively), whereas G-C-C was associated with increased SBP and MAP responses to high-sodium intervention (P = 0.004 and 0.01, respectively). CONCLUSION: This large family-based study indicates that genetic variants in the APLNR and ACE2 genes are significantly associated with BP responses to dietary sodium intervention. 
PURPOSE: After radical prostatectomy continence is commonly defined as no pads except a security pad or 0 to 1 pad. We evaluated the association of pad status and urinary quality of life to determine whether security and 1 pad status differ from pad-free status to better define 0 pads as the post-prostatectomy standard. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 500 consecutive men underwent robot assisted radical prostatectomy from October 2003 to July 2007. Data were collected prospectively and entered into an electronic database. Postoperatively men completed self-administered validated questionnaires including questions on 1) daily pad use (0, security, 1, or 2 or more), 2) urine leakage (daily, about once weekly, less than once weekly or not at all), 3) urinary control (none, frequent dribbling, occasional dribbling or total control), 4) American Urological Association symptom score and 5) urinary quality of life. RESULTS: Postoperatively men who indicated 0 pad use had a mean +/- SE symptom score of 5.8 +/- 0.3 and pleased quality of life (1.16 +/- 0.08). In contrast, men with a security pad and 1 pad had a symptom score of 7.6 +/- 0.7 and 9.2 +/- 0.6 but mixed quality of life (2.78 +/- 0.18 and 3.41 +/- 0.15, respectively, p <0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: Results show a significant decrease in quality of life between no pads (1.16 or pleased), a security pad and 0 or 1 pad (2.78 and 3.41 or mixed, respectively). Findings do not support defining continence with a security pad or 0 to 1 pad. Continence should be strictly defined as 0 pads. 
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate, in a mouse model of mevalonate kinase deficiency (MKD), the possible link between inflammatory symptoms and serum cholesterol levels. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Balb/c mice were treated with alendronate and bacterial muramyl dipeptide. Body temperature, interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta) secretion and serum cholesterol levels were measured. RESULTS: An increased production of the pro-inflammatory cytokine IL-1 beta (p < 0.05) and a rise in body temperature (p < 0.05) was observed, while, in parallel, serum cholesterol concentration significantly decreased (p < 0.05). These effects were completely reversed when animals were treated with exogenous isoprenoids. CONCLUSIONS: In the mouse model of MKD, the inflammatory response is associated with a reduction in cholesterol levels, and hence this parameter could be used as an indicator of isoprenoid consumption. In addition, plant derived isoprenoids could represent candidate treatments for this disease. 
OBJECTIVE: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is highly prevalent in obese and type 2 diabetic individuals and is strongly associated with dyslipidemia and inflammation. Weight loss and/or pharmacotherapy are commonly used to correct these abnormalities. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We performed a 16-week intervention trial of a hypocaloric, low-fat diet plus 10 mg/day ezetimibe (n = 15) versus a hypocaloric, low-fat diet alone (n = 10) on intrahepatic triglyceride (IHTG) content, plasma high sensitivity-C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), adipocytokines, and fetuin-A concentrations and apolipoprotein (apo)B-100 kinetics in obese subjects. ApoB-100 metabolism was assessed using stable isotope tracer kinetics and compartmental modeling; liver and abdominal fat contents were determined by magnetic resonance techniques. RESULTS: Both weight loss and ezetimibe plus weight loss significantly (all P < 0.05) reduced body weight, visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissues, insulin resistance and plasma triglycerides, VLDL-apoB-100, apoC-III, fetuin-A, and retinol-binding protein-4 and increased plasma adiponectin concentrations. Compared with weight loss alone, ezetimibe plus weight loss significantly (all P < 0.05) decreased IHTG content (-18%), plasma hs-CRP (-53%), interleukin-6 (-24%), LDL cholesterol (-18%), campesterol (-59%), and apoB-100 (-14%) levels, with a significant increase in plasma lathosterol concentrations (+43%). The LDL-apoB-100 concentration also significantly fell with ezetimibe plus weight loss (-12%), chiefly owing to an increase in the corresponding fractional catabolic rate (+29%). The VLDL-apoB-100 secretion rate fell with both interventions, with no significant independent effect of ezetimibe. CONCLUSIONS: Addition of ezetimibe to a moderate weight loss diet in obese subjects can significantly improve hepatic steatosis, inflammation, and LDL-apoB-100 metabolism. 
Inadequate minerals intake, as well as disruption of some metabolic processes in which microelements are cofactors, are suggested to lead to the development of hypertension. The role of minerals in the pathogenesis of hypertension still remains to be explained. In the present study, we sought to determine associations between serum and hair mineral concentrations and serum lipids and glucose levels. Forty obese hypertensive subjects with insulin resistance and 40 healthy volunteers were recruited in the study. Blood pressure, BMI, and insulin resistance were recorded in all subjects. Levels of lipids, glucose, sodium and potassium, iron, copper, zinc, magnesium, and calcium were assessed in serum. Iron, copper, zinc, magnesium, and calcium were assessed in hair. Dietary intake of the analyzed minerals was estimated. We found distinctly higher concentrations of serum iron and serum and hair calcium as well as markedly lower levels of hair zinc in the hypertensive subjects. The study group manifested also significantly lower daily intake of calcium, magnesium, and iron. We observed a relationship between the concentrations of iron, zinc, and copper in serum and hair and high and low range of cholesterol, triglycerides, and glucose serum levels in the studied patients. Moreover, this study demonstrated significant correlation between serum and hair concentrations of selected minerals and their dietary intake and levels of serum lipids and glucose and blood pressure in the study and the control groups. The obtained results seem to indicate the association between lipid and glucose metabolism and iron, copper, zinc, and calcium concentrations in blood and hair of hypertensive and obese patients with insulin resistance.
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of the present paper is to assess the relationship between food insecurity and food consumption patterns, anthropometric measures and serum micronutrient levels in rural Kilimanjaro, Tanzania. DESIGN: A population-based cross-sectional study was carried out between March and May of 2005. SETTING: Rural Kilimanjaro, Tanzania. SUBJECTS: Analysis was restricted to 1014 adults aged 15-44 years with children and complete data. RESULTS: A large majority of the participants (91 %) reported some kind of food insecurity. Food insecurity was significantly associated with age, marital status and occupation. Participants reporting food insecurity were significantly less likely to frequently consume animal products, fruits and vegetables compared with participants categorized as food secure. Women categorized as experiencing individual food insecurity had a larger waist circumference than food-secure women (P = 0.026) while the mean BMI of women appeared to decline if they had a child who was food insecure (P = 0.038). There were no observed differences in serum micronutrient levels by food insecurity status. CONCLUSIONS: Food insecurity is highly prevalent and associated with food consumption patterns, waist circumference and BMI of women in rural Tanzania. Further studies should apply self-report measures in assessing food insecurity to larger and more diversified populations. 
Calcium intake is reported to enhance weight loss with a preferential loss in trunk fat. Discrepant findings exist as to the effects of calcium intake on longitudinal changes in total fat mass and central fat deposition. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to determine associations between dietary calcium intake and 1-year change in body composition and fat distribution, specifically intra-abdominal adipose tissue (IAAT). A total of 119 healthy, premenopausal women were evaluated at baseline and 1 year later. Average dietary calcium was determined via 4-day food records. Total fat was determined by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) and subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (SAAT) and IAAT by computed tomography. Over the study period, participants' reported daily calcium and energy intakes were 610.0 ± 229.9 mg and 1,623.1 ± 348.5 kcal, respectively. The mean change in weight, total fat, IAAT, and SAAT was 4.9 ± 4.4 kg, 5.3 ± 4.0 kg, 7.7 ± 19.5 cm(2), and 49.3 ± 81.1 cm(2), respectively. Average calcium intake was significantly, inversely associated with 1-year change in IAAT (standardized β: -0.23, P < 0.05) after adjusting for confounding variables. For every 100 mg/day of calcium consumed, gain in IAAT was reduced by 2.7 cm(2). No significant associations were observed for average calcium intake with change in weight, total fat, or SAAT. In conclusion, dietary calcium intake was significantly associated with less gain in IAAT over 1 year in premenopausal women. Further investigation is needed to verify these findings and determine the calcium intake needed to exert beneficial effects on fat distribution.
Despite the great deal of ecological research interest in modulators of offspring quality and consequences of reproduction on female status, we still know little about the relationships among diet quality, antioxidant capacity of egg components (yolk and albumen) and oxidative status of female birds. In this study, I compared the egg quality (egg size, albumen and yolk antioxidant capacity) and serum oxidative status (oxidative damage, total serum antioxidant capacity, and serum thiols) of female pigeons (Columba livia) fed with foods of different quality (standard quality and decreased quality). I also analysed the patterns of covariation among egg and female traits. The study focussed on the first clutch laid by the female in the breeding season and on the short-term effects of a decrease in diet quality. The treatment did not affect the egg volume, the lipophilic and hydrophilic components of antioxidant capacity (lipOXY and hydrOXY, respectively) or the antioxidant capacity of the albumen (albumOXY). However, females fed a higher quality diet were fatter and had marginally higher values of serum hydroperoxides (oxidative damage) than females fed a lower quality diet. Moreover, females that showed an increase in yolk hydrOXY and serum hydroperoxides also showed a decrease in yolk lipOXY, albumOXY and serum antioxidant capacity. These results show that the female's oxidative status can be correlated with the antioxidant content of her eggs, but the nature of these correlations is complex, depending on the molecular component measured. The results also suggest that in the pigeon the deposition of hydrophilic and lipophilic antioxidants in the egg may trade off against each other.
The C-variant of a T-13910C polymorphism (rs4988235; NT_022135.15:g.25316568G > A) upstream of the lactase phlorizin hydrolase (LPH) gene causes lactose intolerance. Association studies with differences in bone parameters and fracture risk have been inconclusive. The objective of this study was to examine the association of LPH rs4988235 with body height and bone parameters and calcium homeostasis in two elderly populations of Dutch Caucasians and assess interaction with vitamin D receptor (VDR) polymorphisms. Genotyping of LPH and VDR polymorphisms was performed in 6367 individuals from the Rotterdam Study and 844 from the Longitudinal Aging Study Amsterdam (LASA). Associations with age, height, weight, bone mineral density (BMD), skeletal morphometric parameters and serum vitamin D and calcium levels, and dietary calcium intake were assessed using ANOVA or analysis of covariance, and allele dose effect was assessed using linear regression analysis. Fracture risk was analyzed using Cox's proportional hazard regression analysis. Associations with body height (p = 2.7 × 10(-8)) and vertebral area (p = .048) found in the Rotterdam Study were explained by population stratification, as assessed by principal-component analyses, and disappeared after additional adjustments. No associations with femoral neck or lumbar spine BMD or with fracture risk were detected. Calcium intake and serum ionized serum calcium were significantly lower in C-homozygotes (p = 9.2 × 10(-7), p = .02, respectively). For none of the parameters studied was interaction between the T-13910C polymorphism and VDR block 5 haplotype 1 observed. We show that the C allele of the T-13910C polymorphism causing lactose intolerance is associated with lower dietary calcium intake and serum calcium levels but not with BMD or fractures. The associations observed with height and vertebral area were the result of population stratification. This demonstrates the impact of population stratification and urges researchers to carefully take this into account in genetic associations, in particular, in dietary intake-related phenotypes, of which LPH and lactose intolerance are a strong example.
Sucrose-fed rats, a model of metabolic syndrome, are characterized by insulin resistance, obesity, hypertension, and high plasma levels of triacylglycerols and angiotensin II (Ang II). However, whether tissue renin-angiotensin system (RAS) is altered in metabolic syndrome is unclear. To study this issue, food ad libitum and water (C) or 20% sucrose solution (SC) were given to adult male Wistar rats, for 30 days. Body weight (BW), blood pressure (BP), epididymal adipose tissue (EPI) mass, rate of in vivo fatty acid (FA) synthesis in EPI, circulating glucose, insulin, leptin, angiotensins I and II, triacylglycerols, and plasma renin (PRA) and angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) activities were evaluated. In kidneys and EPI, gene and protein expression of type 1 (AT(1)) and 2 (AT(2)) Ang II receptors, ACE, angiotensinogen (AGT) as well as protein expression of angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) were determined. In both tissues, Ang I, Ang II and Ang-(1-7) contents were also measured by HPLC. In SC rats higher BP, EPI mass, circulating triacylglycerols, insulin, leptin, PRA and, Ang II were found. In EPI, the rate of in vivo FA synthesis was associated with increased Ang-(1-7), protein expression of AT(1) and AT(2) receptors, ACE2, AGT, and gene expression of AGT although a reduction in ACE activity and in adipose Ang I and Ang II contents was observed. In kidneys, AT(1) and AT(2), ACE and AGT gene and protein expression as well as protein expression of ACE2 were unaltered while Ang II, Ang-(1-7) and ACE activity increased. These RAS component changes seem to be tissue specific and possibly are related to enhancement of FA synthesis, EPI mass and hypertension.
Dietary zinc (Zn) status exerts a powerful influence on the degree of oxidative damage caused by free radicals. We examined the effect of dietary Zn variations with oxidative stress (OS) treatment on antioxidant status, liver function, and status of vitamins in male Wistar rats. Oxidative stress was generated by intraperitoneal injections of tert-butyl hydroperoxide; and dietary Zn variations done were Zn deficient, normal, and excess, with 8, 30, and 60 mg Zn per kilogram diet, respectively. After 21-day dietary regimen, the animals were killed; and plasma aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, hepatic antioxidant enzymes (catalase, superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase), Zn, reduced glutathione, lipid peroxidation (LPO), and hepatic riboflavin, nicotinic acid, and ascorbic acid estimations were done. The alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase levels were elevated in rats with OS and Zn-deficient diet, which were restored to normal levels with excess dietary Zn. Hepatic antioxidant enzymes and reduced glutathione levels were significantly decreased with concomitant increase in LPO due to OS induction in animals with Zn-deficient diet. Corresponding enhanced enzyme activities, higher hepatic Zn, and lowered LPO were observed in animals with normal- and excess-Zn diet. A dose-dependent increase in hepatic nicotinic acid accumulation was observed as the dietary Zn level increased from deficient to excess; however, there was no influence on riboflavin and ascorbic acid status. The results suggest that Zn may have a therapeutic potential in treatment of oxidative liver damage along with enhanced nicotinic acid absorption.
Arginine is an essential amino acid in Aves and is also an important substrate for the immune system. Dietary Arg in avian diets must be sufficient to not only support growth but also immunity. To better understand Arg needs for immunity, 2 experiments examined markers of Arg use by the immune system in growing broiler chicks. Broiler hatchlings were fed diets containing adequate (1.2%) or high (1.35%) dietary Arg for 21 d. On d 7, the Arg importer cationic amino acid transporter-1 mRNA abundance in peripheral blood mononuclear cells was 2-fold greater in chicks fed 1.35% Arg than in chicks fed 1.2% Arg (P < 0.05). On d 14, chicks fed the diet containing 1.2% Arg had 2.5-fold greater mRNA abundance of the y(+)L type amino acid transporter-2 exporter compared with chicks fed 1.35% Arg (P < 0.05). In experiment 2, broiler hatchlings were fed diets containing low (1.1%), high (1.3%), or excess (1.5%) dietary Arg for 17 d. The percentage of peripheral blood B cells at a given age tended (P = 0.06) to be affected by the dietary Arg level. On d 14, but not on d 10 or 17, the percentage of monocytes from chicks fed 1.5% Arg was higher than from those fed 1.1 and 1.3% Arg (P < 0.05). These studies indicate that the dietary Arg levels in excess of 1.2% increase the mRNA abundance of markers for Arg use by immune cells undergoing development (thymocytes) and at maintenance (peripheral blood mononuclear cells) and also increase the percentage of monocytes within peripheral blood. Understanding Arg use by the immune system will provide a better understanding of how to formulate immunosupportive diets to promote animal health.
The lack of reliable measures of alcohol intake is a major obstacle to the diagnosis, treatment, and research of alcohol abuse and alcoholism. Successful development of a biomarker that allows for accurate assessment of alcohol intake and drinking patterns would not only be a major advance in clinical care but also a valuable research tool. A number of advances have been made in testing the validity of proposed biomarkers as well as in identifying potential new biomarkers through systems biology approaches. This commentary will examine the definition of a biomarker of heavy drinking, the types of potential biomarkers, the steps in biomarker development, the current state of biomarker development, and critical obstacles for the field. The challenges in developing biomarkers for alcohol treatment and research are similar to those found in other fields. However, the alcohol research field must reach a competitive level of rigor and organization. We recommend that NIAAA consider taking a leadership role in organizing investigators in the field and providing a common set of clinical specimens for biomarker validation studies.
Little is known about the bioavailability of isoflavones in children. Previous studies have shown that children excrete more isoflavone in urine compared with adults. Thus we examined the relationship between usual dietary isoflavone intake and the urinary excretion of isoflavonoids in Korean girls of pubertal age. Twelve girls each were selected from the lowest and the highest quartiles of isoflavone intake among 252 Korean girls aged 8-11 years. Age, BMI and sexual maturation stage were matched between the two groups. Dietary intakes for 3 d by diet record and overnight urine samples were collected at baseline and at 6 and 12 months. Total and individual isoflavone (daidzein, genistein and glycitein) intakes were calculated from diet records. The parent isoflavone compounds (daidzein, genistein and glycitein) and their metabolites (equol, O-desmethylangolensin (O-DMA), dihydrodaidzein and dihydrogenistein) present in the urine samples were analysed using liquid chromatography-MS. Intake levels of total and individual isoflavone compounds were significantly higher in the high isoflavone (HI) group than the levels in the low isoflavone (LI) group (P < 0.05). Urinary excretion of all isoflavone parent compounds was significantly higher in the HI group than in the LI group (P < 0.0001). Among isoflavone metabolites, only O-DMA and total metabolites were significantly different (P < 0.05). Total isoflavone intake was highly correlated with the urinary excretion of total parent compounds (r 0.68; P < 0.01), parent compounds plus their metabolites (r 0.66-0.69; P < 0.01) and total isoflavonoids (r 0.72; P < 0.0001). In conclusion, overnight urinary excretion of total isoflavonoids is a reliable biomarker of usual isoflavone intake in Korean girls of pubertal age.
Body mass index (BMI), serum cytokines and serum obesity markers were evaluated in 33 obese children before, during and after a hypocaloric diet. The cytometric bead array "human inflammatory kit" was used for the evaluation of serum interleukin (IL)-1beta, IL-6, IL-10 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha. On the other hand, the following obesity biomarkers were evaluated by means of a flowcytomix-human obesity 9 plex kit: Soluble Isoform of CD40 Ligand; Soluble Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1; Leptin; Monocyte Chemoattractant Protein 1; Myeloperoxidase; Osteoprotegerin; Resistin and Soluble TNF-receptors. Actually, throughout the study modifications of BMI were negligible and, therefore, serum cytokines and obesity markers did not show any significant changes in comparison with baseline values. On the other hand, at the different time points considered the majority of obesity markers were higher than normal controls, thus indicating a low grade inflammation in childhood obesity. Therefore, attempts at reducing this inflammatory status in children which predisposes to the metabolic syndrome outcome are discussed.
Maternal obesity has long-term consequences for the development of hypothalamic neurones involved in energy homeostasis and the metabolic profile in offspring. In the present study, we compared the effects of maternal obesity induced by longstanding high-fat diet (HFD) with milder postnatal overfeeding during suckling induced by litter size reduction. Female Sprague-Dawley rats consumed chow (C) or HFD. On postnatal day 1, litters from chow dams were adjusted to three per dam (small litter, CS) versus 12 control (normal litter, CN). Litters from HFD dams were adjusted to 12 per dam and fed HFD after weaning to induce obesity (HN). Thus, two degrees of maternal overnutrition were produced (CS and HN). To test whether postweaning diet can amplify the effects of maternal obesity, male offspring weaned onto chow or HFD were followed to 21 weeks. Maternal postnatal overnutrition (CS) and HFD-induced maternal obesity (HN) increased body weight and fat mass in offspring compared to those from control dams (CN). Significant glucose intolerance was induced by both degrees of maternal overnutrition, but only in offspring consuming HFD. HFD-induced maternal obesity (HN) was linked to increased offspring leptin, insulin, lipids, insulin resistance and hyperphagia, and was exaggerated by postweaning HFD. No effect of maternal postnatal overnutrition (CS) was seen on these parameters. Hypothalamic signal transducer and activator of transcription-3 and suppressor of cytokine signalling-3 mRNA were significantly elevated by maternal HFD (HN) in the HFD-fed offspring. The data obtained suggest that even mild maternal overnutrition (CS) led to increased adiposity, glucose intolerance and altered brain appetite regulators in offspring. A greater impact of HFD-induced maternal obesity was evident. Marked additive effects were observed when animals consumed a HFD postweaning.
BACKGROUND: Increased homocysteine (Hcy) levels predispose to atherosclerosis. Vitamin B6, B12 and folate play an important role in Hcy metabolism. AIM: To assess vitamin B6, B12 and folate intake and describe the relationship between these vitamins intake and Hcy level in the Polish population. METHODS: Within the framework of the National Multicentre Health Survey (WOBASZ), a representative sample of the whole Polish population aged 20-74 was screened in the years 2003-2005. In each province of Poland 6 communities were randomly selected and in each of them a sample of 100 men and 100 women was randomly selected from the personal identification number (PESEL) database. In a sample of 50% of subjects (3004 men and 3401 women) Hcy level and nutrients were assessed according to the study protocol. RESULTS: Average intake of vitamin B6 was 2.26 mg/day in men and 2.03 mg/day in women, of vitamin B12 - 5.85 microg/day and 3.69 microg/day, and folate 258 microg/day and 211 microg/day, respectively. The recommended levels of intake were not achieved by 16% of men and 36% of women for vitamin B6, 32% and 51% for vitamin B12, and 78% and 90% for folate, respectively. The Hcy level (after adjustment for age, smoking, coffee and alcohol consumption) and prevalence of hyper-Hcy (> or = 12 micromol/l) decreased with increasing number of quartile of vitamins B6 and B12 in both genders and folate in men. In multivariable linear regression analysis an inverse association between the Hcy level and intake of vitamin B6 and folate in both genders, and vitamin B12 in men, was demonstrated. CONCLUSIONS: In the Polish population insufficient folate intake was common (deficiency was noted in nearly 80-90% of the population) and despite the correct average, a high proportion of subjects did not fulfil B6 and B12 intake recommendations; an inverse association between vitamins B6, B12 and folate consumption and Hcy concentration and prevalence of hyper-Hcy was observed 
Many individuals with hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection are undiagnosed. This study evaluates a risk assessment questionnaire, developed for use online to target blood-screening for HCV. Two hundred and eighty-nine patients with known HCV status completed a written questionnaire on prominent HCV risk factors. Questionnaires generated advice to seek testing if at least one risk factor was reported. Agreement of the testing advice with the HCV status of respondents was evaluated. Subsequently, we validated our questionnaire among 985 patients of an outpatient clinic for sexually transmitted infections. The post-test-probability-of-disease (PTPD) and diagnostic gain (PTPD minus prior probability of disease) were calculated. The questionnaire's sensitivity and specificity were 84.6% and 63.8%, respectively, and higher in the STI clinic patients. The PTPD of positive testing advice was 72.5% given HCV prevalence of 53.0%, yielding a diagnostic gain of 19.5%. Applying the estimated prevalence in the general Dutch population (0.1-0.4%), and the anticipated prevalence in the online project (1.0-6.0%), yielded diagnostic gains of 0.13-0.53% and 1.3-7.0%, respectively. We conclude that our questionnaire succeeded in selecting at-risk individuals as its testing advice agreed well with the HCV status. We suggest that the questionnaire be used online as a selection tool for HCV blood-screening in the general population.
Augmentation index (AI), brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV) and cardio-ankle vascular index (CAVI) are available for the assessment of arterial stiffness in clinical practices. However, influences of meal intake on these indices are still poorly understood. The aim of this study is to elucidate the effects of daily meal intake on pulse wave indices in patients with type 2 diabetes. We studied 17 patients with type 2 diabetes. AI was measured at fasting, 60 and 120 min after a commercial mixed meal (500 kcal) intake. The baPWV and CAVI were measured at fasting and 80-100 min after meal intake. All pulse indices decreased significantly after meal intake (AI, 89.3+/-9.7% to 77.9+/-9.4%, 82.0+/-8.4%, P<0.001; baPWV, 1652+/-286-1586+/-240 cm s(-1), P=0.002; CAVI, 9.52+/-0.92-9.20+/-0.89, P=0.037). Delta(120) (value 120 min after meal intake-fasting value) AI correlated significantly with age, body weight, Delta(120) systolic blood pressure (SBP), Delta(120) diastolic blood pressure, Delta(120) pulse pressure, Delta(120) heart rate and fasting AI. Delta (postprandial value-fasting value) baPWV correlated significantly with fasting baPWV, Delta SBP, Delta pulse pressure and HbA1c. In contrast, Delta CAVI did not correlate with any clinical variables. In conclusion, postprandial decreases in AI, baPWV and CAVI can lead to underestimate arterial stiffness in patients with type 2 diabetes. Postprandial changes in AI and baPWV, but not CAVI, are associated with changes in hemodynamic variables after daily meal intake.
We investigate associations of fruit and vegetable intake with the risk of future hypertension using home blood pressure in a general population from Ohasama, Japan. We obtained data from 745 residents aged ≥35 years without home hypertension at baseline. Dietary intake was measured using a validated 141-item food frequency questionnaire, and subjects were then divided into quartiles according to the fruit and vegetable intake. Home hypertension was defined as home systolic/diastolic blood pressure of ≥135/85 mm Hg and/or the use of antihypertensive medication. During a 4-year follow-up period, we identified 222 incident cases of home hypertension. After adjustment for all putative confounding factors, the highest quartile of fruit intake was associated with a significantly lower risk of future home hypertension (odds ratio 0.40, 95% confidence interval 0.22-0.74, P=0.004). In conclusion, this study, based on home blood pressure measurement, suggests that higher intake of fruit is associated with a lower risk of future home hypertension.
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: This study aimed to validate a symptom questionnaire to assess presence and patient bother as related to common pelvic floor disorders. METHODS: The validation of the Pelvic Floor Bother Questionnaire (PFBQ) included evaluation of internal reliability, test-retest reliability, and validity of the items. RESULTS: A total of 141 patients with mean age of 61.8 +/- 13.2 were included in the study. Twenty-four percent of patients complained of stress urinary incontinence, 14.9% mixed incontinence, 14.9% urge incontinence, 10% fecal incontinence, 5.7% obstructed defecation, 28.4% pelvic organ prolapse, and 2.1% dyspareunia. The PFBQ demonstrated good reliability (alpha = 0.61-0.74; ICC = 0.94). There was a strong agreement beyond chance observed for each question (k = 0.77-0.91). PFBQ correlated with stage of prolapse (rho = 0.73, p < 0.0001), number of urinary and fecal incontinence episodes (rho = 0.81, p < 0.0001; rho = 0.54, p < 0.0001), and obstructed defecation (rho = 0.55, p < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: The PFBQ is a useful tool that can be easily used for identification and severity or bother assessment of various pelvic floor symptoms. 
BACKGROUND: The liver is the main organ involved in homeostasis, metabolism and the storage of retinol. During the fibrotic process, hepatic stellate cells lose their lipid drops, and retinol reserves may deplete. Thus, the present study aimed to evaluate serum retinol levels (RL), hepatic retinol storage and dietary vitamin A intake in cirrhotic patients. METHODS: RL were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography in fifty-eight cirrhotic patients. Fasting RL <1.05 μmol L⁻¹ indicates vitamin A deficiency (VAD). A relative dose response (RDR) to oral retinol ≥20% indicates an inadequate hepatic retinol reserve (positive test). Severe malnutrition was defined as a mid-arm muscle circumference (MAMC) and/or triceps skinfold thickness (TSF) below the 5th percentile and moderate malnutrition as MAMC and/or TSF below the 10th percentile. Vitamin A daily intake was estimated by a specific questionnaire. The Child-Pugh classification of liver disease severity and the Model for End-Stage Liver Disease were used. RESULTS: Low RL were found in 60% of the patients. Twenty-three cirrhotic patients had adequate fasting RL (RL = 1.34; 1.05-2.12 μmol L⁻¹) and negative RDR, indicating efficient liver stores. Among thirty-five cirrhotic patients with low RL, 43% had negative RDR (RL = 0.42; 0.06-0.82 μmol L⁻¹) and 57% had positive RDR (RL = 0.45; 0.09-0.93 μmol L⁻¹). Malnutrition (36%) and inadequate vitamin A intake (55%) were not associated with fasting RL or RDR. CONCLUSIONS: VAD was highly prevalent in cirrhotic patients. However, in those with low serum RL and negative RDR, factors other than inadequate vitamin A intake, such as impaired hepatic vitamin A mobilization and intestinal vitamin A malabsorption, which were not examined in the present study, could have influenced the negative results obtained by the RDR method. 
BACKGROUND: Habitual alcohol consumption has shown positive associations with office blood pressure (BP). Less well established, however, is alcohol consumption's relationship to various measures of ambulatory BP (ABP) in healthy, normotensive persons. METHODS: We investigated alcohol consumption's relationship to mean ABP, ABP variability, and the ABP arterial stiffness index in a sample of nonsmoking adults who were free of hypertension and cardiovascular disease (CVD; n = 157). Total alcohol consumption, intake of specific alcoholic beverages, and binge drinking were assessed by self-report. ABP was measured every 30 min for 24 h. RESULTS: In multivariable-adjusted linear regression models, higher levels of total weekly alcohol consumption were associated with higher ABP. For those consuming 0, 1-2, and 3 or more alcoholic drinks per week, mean 24-h systolic ABP values were 112.2, 115.2, and 116.6 mm Hg, respectively (P = 0.05), and mean 24-h diastolic ABP values were 70.6, 71.9, and 74.2 mm Hg, respectively (P = 0.02). Beer and liquor consumption showed stronger positive associations with ABP than did wine consumption. Among nonbinge drinkers and binge drinkers, mean 24-h systolic ABP values were 113.3 and 118.6 mm Hg, respectively (P = 0.04) and mean 24-h diastolic ABP values were 71.3 and 75.0 mm Hg, respectively (P = 0.04). Alcohol consumption was not significantly related to ABP variability or the ABP arterial stiffness index. CONCLUSION: Total habitual alcohol consumption, consumption of specific alcoholic drinks, and binge drinking are associated with higher mean ABP in healthy, normotensive adults. 
OBJECTIVE: Dietary fish is the main source of methylmercury (MeHg) for man, and fish consumption has been used as a measure of MeHg exposure. However, other dietary sources of exposure exist and MeHg metabolism may also be modified by nutritional factors. The aim of the present study was to examine the association between blood MeHg concentration and consumption of different foods in a Finnish population with high fish consumption. DESIGN: Blood samples, a detailed FFQ and additional frequency data on fish consumption were collected. MeHg was analysed from whole blood by the isotope dilution method with high-resolution MS. The consumption of different foods was calculated by MeHg quartiles and tested for linear trend. SETTING: Finnish southern and south-western coast of the Baltic Sea. SUBJECTS: Two hundred and ninety-nine professional fishermen, their spouses and other family members. RESULTS: Mean (range) blood MeHg concentration was 4·6 (0·21-22) μg/l among men and 2·8 (<0·15-20) μg/l among women. Fish had the strongest positive association with MeHg (P for linear trend <0·001 among both men and women). Among men, positive associations were also observed for fruit vegetables, wheat and wine. Among women, positive associations were observed for root vegetables, legumes, potato and game, but adjustment for fish consumption attenuated these trends. CONCLUSIONS: The study shows that, besides fish, MeHg may have other dietary sources that should be taken into account in risk assessment studies. Due to the observed high blood MeHg concentration, a thorough exposure assessment among the general Finnish population is recommended. 
BACKGROUND: Specific foods and overall dietary patterns are associated with soluble biomarkers of systemic inflammation and endothelial activation. However, no large epidemiological studies have evaluated relationships between such dietary factors and cell-specific markers of activation and inflammation as measured by flow cytometry. METHODS: Cell aggregates and multiple platelet and leukocyte markers were quantified by flow cytometry in fresh whole blood from 1101 white adults participating in the Carotid Artery MRI Study, a subset of the larger Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study. Two dietary patterns ("Healthy" and "Western") were empirically derived via principal components analysis using data collected by food frequency questionnaire. Cross-sectional associations between dietary patterns and flow cytometry-measured biomarkers were evaluated, adjusting for demographics and lifestyle factors, including medications use. RESULTS: After multivariable adjustment, monocyte lipopolysaccharide receptor (CD14), monocyte toll-like receptor-2, and platelet glycoprotein IIb (CD41) showed inverse associations with the Healthy dietary pattern (p=0.01, 0.04, and 0.01, respectively). In contrast, the Western dietary pattern was positively associated with CD41 and platelet-granulocyte aggregates (p=0.01 and 0.04, respectively). Independent of other dietary factors, alcohol consumption was inversely associated with levels of pan-leukocyte marker (CD45), P-selectin (CD62P) on PLA1 and on PLA2 platelets, and platelet-monocyte, platelet-granulocyte, and platelet-lymphocyte aggregates. CONCLUSION: Dietary patterns and alcohol intake were each cross-sectionally associated with select markers of cellular activation and inflammation measured by flow cytometry. These data are consistent with the hypothesis that holistic measures of dietary intake are associated with inflammation. 
No observational study has examined whether cancer-related biomarkers are associated with diet in Japanese. We therefore assessed sex-specific food and nutrient intakes according to serum IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-3, TGF-b1, total SOD activity and sFas levels, under a cross-sectional study of 10,350 control subjects who answered the food frequency questionnaire in the first-wave nested case-control study within the Japan Collaborative Cohort Study. For both men and women, IGF-I levels were associated with higher intakes of milk, fruits, green tea, calcium and vitamin C. IGF-II levels were associated with higher intakes of milk, yogurt, fruits and miso soup, and lower intakes of rice, coffee and carbohydrate. IGFBP-3 levels were associated with higher intakes of milk, yogurt, fruits and vitamin C, and lower intakes of rice, energy, protein, carbohydrate, sodium and polyunsaturated fatty acids. TGF-b1 levels were associated with lower intakes of coffee intakes, and higher intakes of miso soup and sodium. Total SOD activity levels were associated with lower intakes of most nutrients other than energy, carbohydrate, iron, copper, manganese, retinol equivalents, vitamin A, B2, B12, niacin, folic acid, vitamin C and fish fat. sFas levels were associated with higher intakes of manganese and folic acids. The results of the present study should help to account for findings on those biomarkers regarding risks of cancer and other lifestyle-related diseases in terms of dietary confounding as causality.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether there is any significant difference between the electronic and the paper-based version of Urogenital Distress Inventory-6 questionnaire (UDI-6) and the Incontinence Impact Questionnaire-7 questionnaire (IIQ-7). MATERIALS AND METHODS: An electronic questionnaire and clinical tool was developed using a combination of open source questionnaire software and custom programming that closely replicated the paper version of the UDI-6 and IIQ-7 questionnaires. Ethics were reviewed and approved by the University Health Network of Toronto. The study randomized participants from the Urinary Incontinence Clinic to either complete the paper-and-pen version of the questionnaires or the electronic version at the beginning of their clinic visit. Sample size was determined to be 50 to sufficiently power the study but due to early closing of the clinic only 26 participants could be enrolled in the study. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: The study found that there was no significant difference (p < .05) between the standardized pen-and-paper and electronic versions of the UDI-6 and IIQ-7. The electronic version can be used in place of the paper version facilitating physicians understanding and monitoring of the impact of incontinence on patients in order to formulate an appropriate treatment plan. 
BACKGROUND: Unmetabolized serum folic acid (UMFA) has been detected in adults. Previous research indicates that high folic acid intakes may be associated with risk of cancer. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to examine UMFA concentrations in relation to dietary and supplemental folate and status biomarkers in the US population aged > or =60 y. DESIGN: Surplus sera were analyzed with the use of data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2001-2002, a cross-sectional, nationally representative survey (n = 1121). RESULTS: UMFA was detected in 38% of the population, with a mean concentration of 4.4 +/- 0.6 nmol/L (median: 1.2+/- 0.2 nmol/L). The group with UMFA (UMFA+) had a significantly higher proportion of folic acid supplement users than did the group without UMFA (60% compared with 41%). UMFA+ men and women also had higher supplemental and total (food + supplements) folic acid intakes than did their counterparts without UMFA. Forty percent of the UMFA+ group was in the highest quartile of total folic acid intake, but total folic acid intake was only moderately related to UMFA concentrations (r(2) = 0.07). Serum folate concentrations were significantly higher in the UMFA+ group and were predictive of UMFA concentrations (r(2) = 0.15). Serum 5-methyltetrahydrofolate and vitamin B-12 concentrations were higher in the UMFA+ group, whereas there was no difference between the 2 UMFA groups in red blood cell folate, serum homocysteine, or methylmalonic acid concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: Approximately 40% of older adults in the United States have UMFA that persists after a fast, and the presence of UMFA is not easily explained in NHANES by folic acid intakes alone. Given the possibility that excessive folic acid exposure may relate to cancer risk, monitoring of UMFA may be warranted. 
BACKGROUND: New food biomarkers are needed to objectively evaluate the effect of diet on health and to check adherence to dietary recommendations and healthy eating patterns. OBJECTIVE: We developed a strategy for food biomarker discovery, which combined nutritional intervention with metabolic phenotyping and biomarker validation in a large-scale epidemiologic study. DESIGN: We administered a standardized diet to 8 individuals and established a putative urinary biomarker of fruit consumption by using (1)H nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopic profiling. The origin of the biomarker was confirmed by using targeted NMR spectroscopy of various fruit. Excretion kinetics of the biomarker were measured. The biomarker was validated by using urinary NMR spectra from UK participants of the INTERMAP (International Collaborative Study of Macronutrients, Micronutrients, and Blood Pressure) (n = 499) in which citrus consumption was ascertained from four 24-h dietary recalls per person. Finally, dietary patterns of citrus consumers (n = 787) and nonconsumers (n = 1211) were compared. RESULTS: We identified proline betaine as a putative biomarker of citrus consumption. High concentrations were observed only in citrus fruit. Most proline betaine was excreted < or =14 h after a first-order excretion profile. Biomarker validation in the epidemiologic data showed a sensitivity of 86.3% for elevated proline betaine excretion in participants who reported citrus consumption and a specificity of 90.6% (P < 0.0001). In comparison with noncitrus consumers, citrus consumers had lower intakes of fats, lower urinary sodium-potassium ratios, and higher intakes of vegetable protein, fiber, and most micronutrients. CONCLUSION: The biomarker identification and validation strategy has the potential to identify biomarkers for healthier eating patterns associated with a reduced risk of major chronic diseases. The trials were registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01102049 and NCT01102062. 
The hypothesis of this study was that the replacement of regular milk with fortified milk in hyperlipidemic adults for 1 year would improve bone biomarkers. The fortified milk contained eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid from fish oils, oleic acid, vitamins A, B(6), and E, as well as folic acid. We believe that the fortified milk will improve the blood fatty acid profile and vitamin status in subjects to benefit bone health biomarkers. From the 84 patients who accepted to participate, 11 of these were excluded for the presence of metabolic diseases and 1 was excluded for noncompliance with the protocol. Seventy-two hyperlipidemic patients (35-65 years) were randomly divided between 2 study groups. The supplement group (E; n = 39) consumed 0.5 L/d of fortified milk that contained fish oil, oleic acid, and vitamins. The control group (C; n = 33) consumed 0.5 L/d of semiskimmed milk containing the same amount of total fat. Blood samples were taken at T(0), T(3), T(6), and T(12) months to determine plasma fatty acids, vitamins B(6), E, and 25-hydroxyvitamin D and serum folate, calcium, soluble osteoprotegerin (OPG), soluble receptor activator of NF-kappaB ligand (RANKL), osteocalcin, parathormone, type I collagen carboxy-terminal telopeptide, and malondialdehyde. After 1 year, the E group showed a significant increase in plasma eicosapentaenoic acid (42%), docosahexaenoic acid (60%), vitamin B6 (38%), OPG (18%), RANKL (7%), OPG/RANKL (10%), red blood cell folate (21%), serum folate (53%), calcium (4%), vitamin D (11%), and osteocalcin (22%). Dietary supplementation with the fortified milk drink improved nutritional status and bone formation markers in adult hyperlipidemic patients.
PURPOSE: Dietary fatty acids affect several pregnancy outcomes including fetal growth and development. We compared self-reported intakes with concentrations of fatty acids in adipose tissue in pregnant women. METHODS: The study was nested within Geração XXI, a birth cohort assembled in Portugal. Intake was assessed by nine food diaries (FDs) completed throughout pregnancy and an FFQ administered in the immediate postpartum period. A gluteal adipose tissue sample was obtained from 23 women. RESULTS: FDs and FFQ estimated similar percentages of saturated (SFA), monounsaturated (MUFA), and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), but the adipose tissue yielded a lower percentage of SFA and higher percentages of MUFA and PUFA. Correlations between FDs and adipose tissue ranged from r = 0.50 for trans fatty acids to r = -0.19 for linolenic acid. The proportion of women categorized in opposite tertiles by these two methods ranged from 4.3% to 30.4%. Correlations between FFQ and adipose tissue were even weaker and levels of misclassification higher. CONCLUSIONS: The correlations observed in this study between self-reported intakes and tissue concentrations are weaker than those observed in a similar study conducted among nonpregnant women, suggesting that adipose tissue levels of fatty acids may be a poor biomarker of dietary intake in pregnancy. 
BACKGROUND: In the present investigation we compared blood epinephrine (EPI), norepinephrine (NE), free fatty acids (FFA) and glycerol concentrations in response to a capsaicinoid supplement or placebo in healthy adults before and after acute exercise. METHODS: Twenty subjects ingested a placebo or supplement (Capsimax, OmniActive Health Technologies; 2 mg capsaicinoids in a microencapsulated matrix) with one week separating conditions. Fasting blood samples were collected during each visit; 30 minutes following a rest period and before placebo or supplement intake (Pre); 2 hours post intake (2 hr); one minute following the cessation of 30 minutes of exercise performed at 65% of maximal heart rate reserve (2.5 hr); 90 minutes following the cessation of exercise (4 hr). Heart rate (HR), systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP) blood pressure were recorded at all times. RESULTS: A time effect was noted for HR, SBP, and DBP (p < 0.05), with HR and SBP higher at 2.5 hr compared to Pre (due to exercise) and DBP lower at 2.5 hr compared to Pre. No interaction or condition effects were noted for EPI, NE, FFA, or glycerol (p > 0.05). However, a time effect was noted for all variables (p < 0.0001), with values higher than Pre at 2.5 hr for EPI and glycerol, at 2 hr and 2.5 hours for FFA, and at 2 hr, 2.5 hr, and 4 hr for NE (p < 0.05). In terms of percent change from Pre, glycerol was higher with Capsimax than for placebo at 4 hr (p = 0.011) and FFA was higher with Capsimax than for placebo at 2 hr (p = 0.025) and at 2.5 hr (p = 0.015). CONCLUSION: Ingestion of low dose (2 mg) Capsimax was associated with an increase in blood FFA and glycerol at selected times post ingestion, as compared to placebo. However, Capsimax had no differing effect on EPI or NE compared to placebo. Lastly, no difference was noted in HR, SBP, or DBP between placebo and Capsimax. 
Our objective was to assess the reliability and relative validity of a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) among adult people. In a cross-sectional study carried out in northern Italy, 112 adults were recruited. A total of 189 food and drink items were selected according to those typically consumed by Italians. FFQ reliability was assessed by two repeated administrations at 6 weeks. The FFQ was validated using four 24-h recalls repeated in the same period of time. For the validation study, classification into quartiles from the two methods and Bland-Altman plot were also performed. The reliability study showed a good correlation between the two methods. Bland-Altman plots showed that the two methods are very likely to agree for individual energy and macronutrient intakes. The reliability and relative validity of this FFQ was good, supporting its use in assessing dietary intakes of Italians in nutritional surveillance programs and in epidemiological dietary surveys.
BACKGROUND: This study was undertaken to evaluate the possible effects of different daily doses of black tea intake on certain oxidative stress, inflammatory and metabolic biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). METHODS: Forty-six patients with known T2DM were randomly assigned either to the test (n = 23, 57.0 +/- 7.9 years) or the control (n = 23, 55.4 +/- 8.3 years) group. Following a one-week 'run-in' period, the test group received 150, 300, 450 and 600 ml of black tea extract (BTE) during the weeks 1, 2, 3 and 4, respectively. The control group received 150 ml BTE a day throughout the intervention period. Dietary, anthropometric and biochemical assessments were performed at the end of each week. FINDINGS: Serum total antioxidant capacity was enhanced similarly in both test and control groups. However, daily intake of 2 cups of BTE by the test group showed a suppressing effect on serum malondialdehyde. Serum C-reactive protein significantly decreased and glutathione levels increased following the intake of 4 cups (600 ml) of BTE a day. CONCLUSION: Regular intake of BTE had anti-oxidative and anti-inflammatory effects in patients with T2DM. These findings may, to some extent, explain the mechanisms underlying the protective effects of drinking tea against cardiovascular disease. 
BACKGROUND: Blood lead levels (BLLs) have been shown to increase during periods of high bone turnover such as pregnancy and menopause. OBJECTIVES: We examined the associations between bone turnover and micronutrient intake with BLLs in women 20-85 years of age (n = 2,671) participating in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1999-2002. METHODS: Serum bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (BAP) and urinary cross-linked N-telopeptides (NTx) were measured as markers of bone formation and resorption, respectively. Lead was quantified in whole blood. The association between tertiles of BAP and NTx, and BLLs was examined using linear regression with natural log transformed BLLs as the dependent variable and interpreted as the percent difference in geometric mean BLLs. RESULTS: In adjusted analyses, mean BLLs among postmenopausal women in the upper tertiles of NTx and BAP were 34% [95% confidence interval (CI), 23%-45%] and 30% (95% CI, 17%-43%) higher than BLLs among women in the lowest tertiles of NTx and BAP, respectively. These associations were weaker, but remained statistically significant, among premenopausal women (NTx: 10%; 95% CI, 0.60%-19%; BAP: 14%; 95% CI, 6%-22%). Within tertiles of NTx and BAP, calcium intake above the Dietary Reference Intake (DRI), compared with below the DRI, was associated with lower mean BLLs among postmenopausal women but not premenopausal women, although most of the associations were not statistically significant. We observed similar associations for vitamin D supplement use. CONCLUSIONS: Bone resorption and bone formation were associated with a significant increase in BLLs among pre- and postmenopausal women. 
BACKGROUND: Cardiometabolic disorders including cardiovascular disease (CVD) where the relevance of regular coffee consumption is debatable, has been linked with the development of chronic kidney disease (CKD). A more recent study suggests that coffee consumption is associated with normal or increased kidney function as assessed by the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). The present study investigated whether the association between coffee and the eGFR was independent of chronic inflammation, and whether adding sugar to coffee could affect the eGFR. METHODS: A total of 114 age- and gender-matched Japanese individuals (females/males=68/46, mean age=59.5 years), without CVD and severe CKD, were studied. Clinical variables, such as body mass index, blood pressure, blood glucose, lipids and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), in addition to eGFR [the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) study equation], were measured. RESULTS: Coffee drinkers had higher eGFR values [73.9±16.5 (SD) mL/min/1.73 m(2)] than non-coffee drinkers (68.6±11.7). The difference remained significant (F=5.04, p=0.027), independently of clinical variables, including hsCRP. The eGFR values among coffee drinkers were similar between the subjects with and without use of sugar. CONCLUSIONS: The association of coffee drinking habits to eGFR may occur independently of inflammation as assessed by hsCRP. The use of sugar may have no effect on GFR. Further research is needed to clarify this phenomenon. 
We made a comparative analysis of the uptake, tissue deposition and conversion of dietary alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) to its long chain metabolites eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) with preformed EPA + DHA. Diets containing linseed oil [with ALA at approximately 2.5 (4 g/kg diet), 5 (8 g/kg diet), 10 (16 g/kg diet), 25% (40 g/kg diet)] or fish oil [with EPA + DHA at approximately 1 (1.65 g/kg diet), 2.5 (4.12 g/kg diet), 5% (8.25 g/kg diet)] or groundnut oil without n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) were fed to rats for 60 days. ALA and EPA + DHA in serum, liver, heart and brain increased with increments in the dietary ALA level. When preformed EPA + DHA were fed, the tissue EPA + DHA increased significantly compared to those given ALA. Normalized values from dietary n-3 PUFA to tissue EPA + DHA indicated that 100 mg of dietary ALA lead to accumulation of EPA + DHA at 2.04, 0.70, 1.91 and 1.64% of total fatty acids respectively in liver, heart, brain and serum. Similarly 100 mg of preformed dietary EPA + DHA resulted in 25.4, 23.8, 15.9 and 14.9% of total fatty acids in liver, heart, brain and serum respectively. To maintain a given level of EPA + DHA, the dietary ALA required is 12.5, 33.5, 8.3 and 9.1 times higher than the dietary EPA + DHA for liver, heart, brain and serum respectively. Hence the efficacy of precursor ALA is lower compared to preformed EPA + DHA in elevating serum and tissue long chain n-3 PUFA levels.
The imbalance of oxidant/antioxidant plays an important role in the development of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). There is increasing evidence that individuals with high antioxidative nutrient levels in the diet or in blood tend to maintain better lung function. This study was conducted to determine whether COPD patients in Taiwan have lower plasma concentrations of antioxidative nutrients than do healthy people, and whether the dietary habits of COPD patients in Taiwan affect their intake of vitamin C and carotenoids. Thirty-four COPD patients and 43 healthy persons (with normal lung function) aged 50 years or older were recruited. Fasting venous blood was collected to measure concentrations of vitamins A, C, and E and carotenoids. Endogenous and H2O2-induced additional DNA damage (markers of oxidative stress) in white blood cells were assayed. Dietary intakes of vitamin C and carotenoids were assessed by a food-frequency questionnaire. Compare to the healthy controls, COPD patients had significantly lower plasma concentrations of vitamins A, C, and E; alpha- and beta-carotene; and total carotenoids but significantly higher endogenous and H2O2-induced white blood cell DNA damage. Intakes of vitamin C and several carotenoids were lower in the COPD group, and COPD patients consumed significantly fewer vegetables and fruits than did the healthy controls. In conclusion, COPD patients in Taiwan have lower levels of antioxidative nutrients in their plasma and diet than do healthy people. Intakes of vitamin C and carotenoids are correlated with dietary habits.
BACKGROUND: To identify associations between polyphenol intake and health and disease outcomes in cohort studies, it is important to identify biomarkers of intake for the various compounds commonly consumed as part of the diet. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this systematic review was to assess the usefulness of polyphenol metabolites excreted in urine as biomarkers of polyphenol intake in humans. DESIGN: The method included a structured search strategy for polyphenol intervention studies on Ovid MEDLINE, EMBASE (Ovid), and Cochrane databases; formal inclusion and exclusion criteria; data extraction into an Access database; validity assessment; and meta-analysis. RESULTS: One hundred sixty-two controlled intervention studies with polyphenols were included, and mean recovery yield and correlations with the dose ingested were determined for 40 polyphenols. Polyphenols such as daidzein, genistein, glycitein, enterolactone, and hydroxytyrosol showed both a high recovery yield (12-37%) and a high correlation with the dose (Pearson's correlation coefficients: 0.67-0.87), which showed good sensitivity and robustness as biomarkers of intake throughout the different studies. Weaker recovery for anthocyanins (0.06-0.2%) and weaker correlations with dose [Pearson's correlation coefficients: 0.21-0.52 for hesperidin, naringenin, (-)-epicatechin, (-)-epigallocatechin, quercetin, and 3 microbial metabolites of isoflavones (dihydrodaidzein, equol, and O-desmethylangolensin)] suggest that they are currently less suitable as biomarkers of intake. CONCLUSIONS: These data confirm the value of certain urinary polyphenols as biomarkers of intake. A validation in populations is now needed to evaluate their specificity, sensitivity, and responsiveness to dose under free-living conditions. 
Carbon isotopic signatures ("δ¹³C") might reflect consumption of corn- and cane-based sweeteners. The authors hypothesized that the δ¹³C value of human serum is higher for individuals with high versus low intakes of corn- and cane-based sweeteners (measured as sweetened beverage intake). They conducted a cross-sectional study within the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Magnetic Resonance Imaging study (Maryland, 2005-2006). Diet was assessed by food frequency questionnaire, and blinded serum samples were assayed by natural abundance stable isotope mass spectroscopy. Studied were 186 participants (53% male; mean age, 71 years; mean body mass index, 30 kg/m²). Serum δ¹³C values for individuals with high sweetened beverage intakes were significantly higher than for those with low intakes (-19.15‰ vs. -19.47‰, P < 0.001). Serum δ¹³C value increased 0.20‰ for every serving/day of sweetened beverages (P < 0.01). The association between sweetened beverages and serum δ¹³C value remained significant after adjustment for confounding by corn-based product intake (P < 0.001). Serum δ¹³C values were also associated with waist circumference, body mass index, and waist-to-hip ratio. This study provides the first known evidence that the δ¹³C value of human serum differs between persons consuming low and high amounts of sweets. Within the proper framework, serum δ¹³C value could be developed into an objective biomarker promoting more reliable assessment of dietary sweets intake.
BACKGROUND: Studies suggest that honey has less influence on serum glucose concentrations than monosaccharides and disaccharides. Previous studies, however, have only analysed glucose metabolism. METHODS: This study investigated the influence of two types of honey (rapeseed and acacia) on the serum levels of glucose, fructose, insulin and C-peptide values in healthy subjects. The results were compared with honey-comparable glucose-fructose solutions. All solutions contained 75 g of glucose and/or fructose. RESULTS: We found significantly higher fructose serum levels with rapeseed honey after 2 h but no such differences for acacia honey. C-peptide levels were significantly higher after administration of both honeys after 1 and 2 h. CONCLUSIONS: For the first time it has been found out that honey ingestion leads to a rise of blood fructose concentration: in one case, this rise was lower than that achieved after fructose/glucose controls, in the other cases it was same as after the controls. Fructose metabolism may be inhibited by unidentified substances present in the rapeseed honey. Further study to elucidate underlying mechanisms may be worthwhile, as usually there is no differentiation between the different types of honey. 
Abstract Exogenous antioxidants may influence endogenous antioxidant enzyme activity. We observed in healthy women (n = 95) that higher plasma α-carotene, β-carotene, β-cryptoxanthin, sum of plasma carotenoids, and fruit and vegetable intake were associated with lower plasma extracellular-superoxide dismutase activity. In women with a history of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, or cancer (n = 62), we observed no associations. Our observation that plasma extracellular-superoxide dismutase activity was inversely associated with plasma carotenoids and fruit and vegetable intake in healthy women, but not in women with a history of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, or cancer, suggests that the associations between exogenous and endogenous antioxidants may differ in health and disease.
BACKGROUND: Haptoglobin (which is encoded by the Hp gene) is a hemoglobin-binding protein that has antioxidant properties and a common polymorphism that consists of 2 structurally different alleles: Hp1 and Hp2. The capacity of Hp2 to inhibit oxidation and vitamin C depletion is less than that of Hp1, but the influence on vitamin C requirements remains unknown. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine whether the Hp polymorphism modifies the association between dietary vitamin C and serum ascorbic acid deficiency (<11 μmol/L). DESIGN: Nonsmoking men and women (n = 1046) between 20 and 29 y of age participated in the Toronto Nutrigenomics and Health Study. Blood samples were collected after the subjects had fasted overnight to determine serum ascorbic acid concentrations by HPLC and for genotyping. A 196-item food-frequency questionnaire was used to estimate vitamin C intake. RESULTS: A gene-diet interaction on serum ascorbic acid was observed (P = 0.02). The overall odds ratio (95% CI) for serum ascorbic acid deficiency was 2.84 (1.73, 4.65) for subjects who did not meet the Recommended Dietary Allowance for vitamin C compared with those who did. The corresponding odds ratios were 4.77 (2.36, 9.65) for the Hp2-2 genotype and 1.69 (0.80, 3.63) for carriers of the Hp1 allele. CONCLUSIONS: Individuals with the Hp2-2 genotype had an increased risk of deficiency if they did not meet the Recommended Dietary Allowance for vitamin C, whereas carriers of the Hp1 allele did not. The findings suggest that the greater antioxidant capacity of Hp1 might spare serum ascorbic acid. 
BACKGROUND: Currently, a number of bioinformatics methods are available to generate appropriate lists of genes from a microarray experiment. While these lists represent an accurate primary analysis of the data, fewer options exist to contextualise those lists. The development and validation of such methods is crucial to the wider application of microarray technology in the clinical setting. Two key challenges in clinical bioinformatics involve appropriate statistical modelling of dynamic transcriptomic changes, and extraction of clinically relevant meaning from very large datasets. RESULTS: Here, we apply an approach to gene set enrichment analysis that allows for detection of bi-directional enrichment within a gene set. Furthermore, we apply canonical correlation analysis and Fisher's exact test, using plasma marker data with known clinical relevance to aid identification of the most important gene and pathway changes in our transcriptomic dataset. After a 28-day dietary intervention with high-CLA beef, a range of plasma markers indicated a marked improvement in the metabolic health of genetically obese mice. Tissue transcriptomic profiles indicated that the effects were most dramatic in liver (1270 genes significantly changed; p < 0.05), followed by muscle (601 genes) and adipose (16 genes). Results from modified GSEA showed that the high-CLA beef diet affected diverse biological processes across the three tissues, and that the majority of pathway changes reached significance only with the bi-directional test. Combining the liver tissue microarray results with plasma marker data revealed 110 CLA-sensitive genes showing strong canonical correlation with one or more plasma markers of metabolic health, and 9 significantly overrepresented pathways among this set; each of these pathways was also significantly changed by the high-CLA diet. Closer inspection of two of these pathways--selenoamino acid metabolism and steroid biosynthesis--illustrated clear diet-sensitive changes in constituent genes, as well as strong correlations between gene expression and plasma markers of metabolic syndrome independent of the dietary effect. CONCLUSION: Bi-directional gene set enrichment analysis more accurately reflects dynamic regulatory behaviour in biochemical pathways, and as such highlighted biologically relevant changes that were not detected using a traditional approach. In such cases where transcriptomic response to treatment is exceptionally large, canonical correlation analysis in conjunction with Fisher's exact test highlights the subset of pathways showing strongest correlation with the clinical markers of interest. In this case, we have identified selenoamino acid metabolism and steroid biosynthesis as key pathways mediating the observed relationship between metabolic health and high-CLA beef. These results indicate that this type of analysis has the potential to generate novel transcriptome-based biomarkers of disease. 
BACKGROUND: Urinary homovanillic acid (HVA) measurement is used routinely as a marker of the first test for the screening of catecholamine-secreting tumors and dopamine metabolism, but generates a large number of false-positive results. With no guidelines for dietary restrictions prior to the test, we hypothesize that consumption of flavonol-rich foods (such as onions, tomatoes, tea) prior to urinary catecholamine screening could be responsible for false-positive urinary HVA in healthy subjects. METHODS: A randomized, crossover dietary intervention was carried out in healthy subjects (n=17). Volunteers followed either a low or high-flavonol diet, for a duration of 3 days, prior to providing a 24-h urine sample for HVA measurement using a routine, validated liquid chromatography method as well as a gas chromatography-mass spectrometry method. RESULTS: Dietary flavonol intake significantly increased urinary HVA excretion (p < 0.001), with 3 out of 17 volunteers (20%) exceeding the 40 μmol/24 h upper limit of normal for HVA excretion (false-positive result). CONCLUSION: Dietary flavonols commonly found in foodstuff such as tomatoes, onions, and tea, interfered with the routine urinary HVA screening test and should be avoided in the three-day run-up to the test. 
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between iron intake and iron status with Barrett's esophagus (BE) and esophageal adenocarcinoma (EAC). METHODS: A total of 220 BE patients, 224 EAC patients, and 256 frequency-matched controls completed a lifestyle and food frequency questionnaire and provided serum and toenail samples between 2002 and 2005. Using multiple logistic regression, odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) were calculated within quartiles of intake/status. RESULTS: Comparing the fourth to the first quartile, ferritin (OR 0.47; 95% CI: 0.23, 0.97) and transferrin saturation (OR 0.41; 95% CI: 0.20, 0.82) were negatively associated with BE; while total iron binding capacity was positively associated per 50 μg/dl increment (OR 1.47; 95% CI: 1.12, 1.92). Comparing the fourth to the first quartile, iron intake (OR 0.50; 95% CI: 0.25, 0.98), non-heme iron intake per 10 mg/day increment (OR 0.29; 95% CI: 0.08, 0.99), and toenail iron (OR 0.40; 95% CI: 0.17, 0.93) were negatively associated with EAC; while heme iron intake was positively associated (OR 3.11 95% CI: 1.46, 6.61). PRINCIPAL CONCLUSION: In contrast to the hypothesis that increased iron intakes and higher iron stores are a risk factor for BE and EAC, this study suggests that higher iron intakes and stores may have a protective association with BE and EAC, with the exception of what was found for heme iron intake. 
To compare the effects of both dietary fatty acid composition and exercise vs. sedentary conditions on circulating levels of hunger and satiety hormones. Eight healthy males were randomized in a 2 × 2 crossover design. The four treatments were 3 days of HF diets (50% of energy) containing high saturated fat (22% of energy) with exercise (SE) or sedentary (SS) conditions, and high monounsaturated fat (30% of energy) with exercise (UE) or sedentary (US) conditions. Cycling exercise was completed at 45% of VO(2)max for 2h daily. On the third HF day, 20 blood samples were drawn over a 24h period for each hormone (leptin, insulin, ghrelin, and peptide YY (PYY)). A visual analog scale (VAS) was completed hourly between 0800 and 2200. Average 24h leptin and insulin levels were lower while 24h PYY was higher during exercise vs. sedentary conditions. FA composition did not differentially affect 24h hormone values. VAS scores for hunger and fullness did not differ between any treatment but did correlate with ghrelin, leptin, and insulin. High saturated or unsaturated fat diets did not differ with respect to markers of hunger or satiety. Exercise decreased 24h leptin and insulin while increasing PYY regardless of FA composition.
OBJECTIVE: A direct relationship of dietary cholesterol to blood pressure of men has been reported in a few observational studies from the USA. It is not clear whether this association prevails consistently, for example, in populations with varied dietary habits, across ethnic groups, and sexes. Cross-sectional data from the International Study of Macro/Micro-nutrients and Blood Pressure (INTERMAP) were used to assess relations of dietary cholesterol intake to blood pressure in men and women from four countries. METHODS: Data include 83 nutrients from four multipass 24-h dietary recalls and two-timed 24-h urine collections; eight blood pressure readings, and questionnaire data, for 4680 participants ages 40-59 years from 17 population samples in Japan, People's Republic of China, UK, and USA. RESULTS: With sequential models to control for multiple possible confounders (dietary, other), linear regression analyses showed that dietary cholesterol was directly related to SBP for all participants and for nonhypertensive individuals, but not to DBP. With adjustment for 12 variables, estimated SBP differences with 2SD for higher cholesterol intake (131.0 mg/1000 kcal) were 0.9 mmHg (P < 0.05) for all participants and 1.1 mmHg (P < 0.01) for nonhypertensive individuals, findings attenuated with addition of height and weight to the model. CONCLUSION: INTERMAP found a low-order, positive relationship of dietary cholesterol intake to SBP with control for multiple possible confounders. Reduction of dietary cholesterol intake may contribute to prevention and control of adverse blood pressure levels in general populations. 
REASONS FOR PERFORMING STUDY: Dietary intake and feeding management practices could affect the degree of physiological stress and subsequent performance of high level 3-day event horses. OBJECTIVES: To assess whether a relationship exists between dietary intake levels of selected nutrients and the inflammatory and antioxidant status in horses competing in a high level 3-day event. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Riders competing in a CCI2*/CCI3* 3-day event (n = 35) answered a nutritional management survey conducted by the investigators at the competition. Actual and recommended intakes of vitamin E, potassium (K), calcium (Ca), phosphorus (P) and magnesium (Mg) were calculated using the manufacturer or NRC values. Blood samples, bodyweight and body condition score of horses were taken precompetition, 30 min and 18-24 h after cross-country, but before stadium jumping. Data were analysed using a mixed model ANOVA with repeated measures and Pearson's product moment correlation. RESULTS: Estimated daily intakes of vitamin E, K, Ca, P and Mg for horses were higher than daily recommended levels (P < 0.05). In response to competition, tumour necrosis factor-α (TNFα; P = 0.0002), nitric oxide (NO; P = 0.013) and β-carotene (BC; P < 0.0001) decreased, creatine kinase (P < 0.0001) and aspartate aminotransferase (P = 0.001) increased, and α-tocopherol and retinol did not change. Intake of vitamin E, K, Ca, P and bodyweight were negatively correlated with TNFα (P < 0.05). Vitamin E and bodyweight were also negatively correlated with NO (P < 0.05). Pasture intake and BC were positively correlated (P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: The decline in systemic inflammatory markers is probably due to increased utilisation or excretion and decreased production related to the increased oxidative stress experienced by horses during competition. High bodyweights could also predispose horses to a higher level of inflammation during 3-day event competition. 
Folate is a vital nutrient during pregnancy for the prevention of neural tube defects, intrauterine fetal growth restriction and preeclampsia. Circulating folate levels might be negatively affected by ()-epigallocatechin gallate, which is a tea catechin found in green tea and oolong tea. The aim of this study was to determine whether consumption of green tea or oolong tea was associated with circulating folate levels among pregnant women in Japan. Two hundred and fifty-four healthy women with a singleton pregnancy (age: 30.4 ± 4.7, gestational age: 27.5 ± 9.6 weeks) were recruited from a prenatal clinic in metropolitan Tokyo, Japan. The serum folate levels were measured. Nutrient intake was assessed using a self-administered diet history questionnaire. Information on lifestyle variables was obtained from the questionnaire. The high consumption of green tea or oolong tea was defined as consumption more than 57.3 mL per 1,000 kcal, which is the 75th percentile of participants. The serum folate levels of the participants with high consumption of green tea or oolong tea was significantly lower than those of others (p = 0.027). A multiple regression analysis revealed the high consumption of green tea or oolong tea to be associated with a low serum folate level during pregnancy, after adjusting for confounding variables including dietary folate intake and use of folic acid supplements or multivitamins (β = -0.131, p = 0.016). The association between folate and the consumption of green tea or oolong tea may be useful to clarify the mechanism which links adverse perinatal outcomes and tea consumption.
BACKGROUND: Administration of caffeine or caffeinated coffee in laboratory and ambulatory settings results in small to moderate acute increases in blood pressure (BP). However, habitual coffee intake has not been linked conclusively to long-term increases in basal BP, and findings are inconsistent by sex. This study examined longitudinal relations of habitual coffee use to resting BP and pulse pressure. METHODS: In a sample of 2,442 participants from the Baltimore Longitudinal Study of Aging (BLSA), coffee consumption was used to predict resting systolic and diastolic BP and pulse pressure using longitudinal mixed-effects regression models adjusted for age, education, antihypertensive, and antihyperlipidemic use, smoking, and body mass index (BMI). Analyses were stratified by sex (865 women and 1,577 men), and age and BMI were examined as possible effect modifiers. RESULTS: In men, we identified a significant three-way interaction among coffee intake (nonlinear), baseline age, and length of follow-up for systolic BP (SBP) and pulse pressure. A significant interaction of coffee intake and BMI (nonlinear) was also noted for SBP in men. There were no significant relations of coffee intake to BP or pulse pressure in women. CONCLUSION: Greater coffee intake in men was associated with steeper age-related increases in SBP and pulse pressure, particularly beyond 70 years of age and in overweight to obese men. 
The lipocalins retinol-binding protein (RBP)-4, lipocalin-2 and lipocalin-type prostaglandin D-synthase (L-PGDS) have been suggested to mediate obesity-associated insulin resistance and other metabolic co-morbidities. The role of lipocalins is however controversial and it is unclear whether they have a physiological role in regulation of insulin sensitivity and metabolic function in clinically healthy humans. Therefore, we examined the correlations between serum levels of RBP-4, L-PGDS and lipocalin-2 and insulin sensitivity and other metabolic parameters in non-diabetic subjects selected to display variations in insulin sensitivity. 100 clinically healthy 58-year-old Swedish men were selected by stratified sampling among 818 screened subjects to represent quintiles of varying degrees of insulin sensitivity. Insulin sensitivity was measured by the euglycaemic hyperinsulinaemic clamp method. Serum levels of lipocalins and cytokines were determined using antibody-based techniques. Serum lipids were measured by standardized laboratory methods. None of the measured lipocalins showed any correlations with insulin sensitivity. However, we found that lipocalin-2 and L-PGDS were correlated with each other, but not with RBP-4. Lipocalin-2 and L-PGDS were positively correlated with soluble TNF- receptors 1 and 2 and negatively with alcohol consumption and serum HDL. Further, lipocalin-2 was correlated with interleukin-6 whereas RBP-4 was negatively correlated with TNF-α. □These results suggest that RBP-4, lipocalin-2 and L-PGDS do not regulate insulin sensitivity in healthy men. Rather the expression levels of lipocalin-2 and L-PGDS, but not RBP-4, seemed to reflect inflammatory activity and were inversely correlated with alcohol intake and serum HDL levels.
OBJECTIVE: Heterogeneity in circulating lipid concentrations in response to different dietary fat intakes may be due, in part, to gene polymorphism of cytokine related to inflammation. The objective was to determine whether dietary n-3 PUFAs intake influenced the effects of IL-6 -572 polymorphism on plasma lipids and apolipoproteins. STUDY DESIGN: This cross-sectional study included 195 men and 386 women aged 40-65 y. DNA was isolated from white blood cell to determine the IL-6 -572 C-G polymorphisms by the polymerase chain reaction-logation detection reaction (PCR-LDR) method. Dietary fatty acids were assessed by measuring erythrocyte membrane fatty acids, and fasting plasma was collected to determine blood lipids and apoproteins. RESULTS: The frequency of the G allele was 0.214. There were no significant differences in plasma lipids across genotypes (all p > 0.05). When men and women were grouped into tertiles by the erythrocyte membrane n-3 PUFAs composition; in the lowest group, men with G allele had 18% higher HDL-cholesterol concentrations than did C/C genotype (p < 0.05). Similar effects were observed for apo A. Adjusting for age, BMI and total PUFA did not alter this association. The interaction was not significant in women. CONCLUSION: Dietary n-3 PUFA intake influenced the effects of IL-6 -572 genotype on HDL-c concentrations in males. 
OBJECTIVE: Alterations in selenium (Se) status may result in suboptimal amounts of selenoproteins, which have been associated with increased oxidative stress levels. The Pro198Leu polymorphism at the glutathione peroxidase-1 (GPx1) gene is supposed to be functional. The response of Se status, GPx activity, and levels of DNA damage to a Se supplementation trial between the genotypes related to that polymorphism was investigated. METHODS: A randomized trial was conducted with 37 morbidly obese women. Participants consumed one Brazil nut, which provided approximately 290 μg of Se a day, for 8 wk. Blood Se concentrations, erythrocyte GPx activity, and DNA damage levels were measured at baseline and at 8 wk. The results were compared by genotypes. RESULTS: The genotype frequencies were 0.487, 0.378, and 0.135 for Pro/Pro (the wild-type genotype), Pro/Leu, and Leu/Leu, respectively. At baseline, 100% of the subjects were Se deficient, and after the supplementation, there was an improvement in plasma Se (P < 0.001 for Pro/Pro and Pro/Leu, P < 0.05 for Leu/Leu), erythrocyte Se (P = 0.00 for Pro/Pro and Pro/Leu, P < 0.05 for Leu/Leu), and GPx activity (P = 0.00 for Pro/Pro, P < 0.00001 for Pro/Leu, P < 0.001 for Leu/Leu). In addition, the Pro/Pro group showed a decrease in DNA damage after Brazil nut consumption compared with baseline (P < 0.005), and those levels were higher in Leu/Leu subjects compared with those with the wild-type genotype (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Consumption of one unit of Brazil nuts daily effectively increases Se status and increases GPx activity in obese women, regardless of GPx1 Pro198Leu polymorphism. However, the evaluated biomarkers showed distinct results in response to the supplementation when the polymorphism was considered. 
Epigenetics could help to explain individual differences in weight loss after an energy-restriction intervention. Here, we identify novel potential epigenetic biomarkers of weight loss, comparing DNA methylation patterns of high and low responders to a hypocaloric diet. Twenty-five overweight or obese men participated in an 8-wk caloric restriction intervention. DNA was isolated from peripheral blood mononuclear cells and treated with bisulfite. The basal and endpoint epigenetic differences between high and low responders were analyzed by methylation microarray, which was also useful in comparing epigenetic changes due to the nutrition intervention. Subsequently, MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry was used to validate several relevant CpGs and the surrounding regions. DNA methylation levels in several CpGs located in the ATP10A and CD44 genes showed statistical baseline differences depending on the weight-loss outcome. At the treatment endpoint, DNA methylation levels of several CpGs on the WT1 promoter were statistically more methylated in the high than in the low responders. Finally, different CpG sites from WT1 and ATP10A were significantly modified as a result of the intervention. In summary, hypocaloric-diet-induced weight loss in humans could alter DNA methylation status of specific genes. Moreover, baseline DNA methylation patterns may be used as epigenetic markers that could help to predict weight loss.
Epidemiological studies have repeatedly found that whole-grain (WG) cereal foods reduce the risk of several lifestyle-related diseases, though consistent clinical outcomes and mechanisms are elusive. To compare the effects of a WG-rich diet with a matched refined-grain (RG) diet on plasma biomarkers and bowel health parameters, seventeen healthy subjects (eleven females and six males) completed an exploratory cross-over study with a 2-week intervention diet based on either WG- or RG-based foods, separated by a washout of at least 5 weeks. Both diets were the same except for the use of WG (150 g/d) or RG foods. Subjects undertook a 4 h postprandial challenge on day 8 of each intervention diet. After 2 weeks, the WG diet tended to decrease plasma total and LDL-cholesterol (both P = 0·09), but did not change plasma HDL-cholesterol, fasting glucose, C-reactive protein or homocysteine compared with the RG diet. Plasma betaine and alkylresorcinol concentrations were elevated after 1 week of the WG diet (P = 0·01 and P < 0·0001, respectively). Clostridium leptum populations in faeces were increased after the WG diet, along with a trend for decreased faecal water pH (P = 0·096) and increased stool frequency (P < 0·0001) compared with the RG diet. A short controlled intervention trial with a variety of commercially available WG-based products tended to improve biomarkers of CVD compared with a RG diet. Changes in faecal microbiota related to increased fibre fermentation and increased plasma betaine concentrations point to both fibre and phytochemical components of WG being important in mediating any potential health effects.
BACKGROUND: A predictive biomarker for intake of total sugars was recently developed under controlled conditions. We used this biomarker to assess measurement error (ME) structure in self-reported intake of total sugars in free-living individuals. METHODS: The Observing Protein and Energy Nutrition (OPEN) study involved 484 participants aged 40 to 69 years. Diet was assessed using two administrations of a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and two nonconsecutive 24-hour dietary recalls (24HDR). Two 24-hour urine samples checked for completeness were analyzed on sucrose and fructose. We applied the biomarker calibrated in a feeding study to OPEN data to assess the ME structure and the attenuation factors (AF) for intakes of absolute total sugars and sugars density for the FFQ and 24HDR. RESULTS: The AFs for absolute sugars were similar for a single FFQ and 24HDR, but attenuation decreased with repeated 24HDRs. For sugars density, the AFs for FFQ (men: 0.39; women: 0.33) were greater than for single 24HDR (men: 0.30; women: 0.24), and similar to two 24HDRs (men: 0.41; women: 0.35). The attenuation associated with both instruments was greater in women than in men. CONCLUSIONS: Both the FFQ and 24HDR were found to be biased; hence, incorporation of the sugars biomarker in calibration studies within the cohorts may be necessary to more reliably estimate associations of sugars and disease. IMPACT: In this article, we propose a new dietary reference instrument based on the recently defined class of predictive biomarkers. Using sugars biomarker, we quantify ME in the FFQ- and 24HDR-reported absolute total sugars and total sugars density. 
PURPOSE: The purpose of the present study was to investigate the factors associated with blood levels of each congener of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (DL-PCBs) in the Japanese population. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was performed on 1,656 subjects (755 men and 901 women) aged 15-73 years, who were living in 90 different areas of 30 prefectures in Japan. Blood levels of 29 PCDD, PCDF, and DL-PCB congeners were determined by high-resolution gas chromatography/mass spectrometry. In addition, a questionnaire survey on life style, including dietary habit, was carried out. RESULTS: The median total toxicity equivalent (TEQ) was 17 pgTEQ/g lipid. After adjustment for age, sex, body mass index, smoking habit, and consumption of other food groups, six PCDDs/PCDFs with 4-6 substituted chlorine atoms and 10 DL-PCBs, but not HeptaCDD/F or OctaCDD, showed significant positive correlations with the frequency of intake of fish and shellfish. Furthermore, significant positive relationships were also found between plasma levels of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a biomarker of fish intake, and 10 PCDDs/PCDFs with 4-6 chlorine atoms and 10 DL-PCBs. The partial correlation coefficients with plasma DHA were significantly higher for DL-PCBs than for PCDDs/PCDFs, and partial correlation coefficients for PCDDs/PCDFs significantly decreased with increasing number of chlorine atoms (Spearman r = -0.80, P = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Blood levels of PCDDs/PCDFs with 4-6 chlorine atoms and DL-PCBs were positively associated with fish intake in the Japanese population. These results may be explained by the higher degree of bioaccumulation of these congeners in fish and shellfish in the ecosystem, and the high consumption of fish among the Japanese population. 
AIM: To translate the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire--Urinary Incontinence Short Form (ICIQ-UI SF) from English to Taiwanese and to evaluate its reliability and validity for pregnant Taiwanese women. BACKGROUND: Urinary incontinence in pregnant women has been little investigated in Taiwan. A validated assessment instrument for urinary incontinence is needed for pregnant Taiwanese women. DESIGN: A non-experimental design was used to test the psychometric properties of the Taiwanese version of the ICIQ-UI SF. METHOD: The internal consistency reliability and construct validity of the Taiwanese version of the ICIQ-UI SF for pregnant women were evaluated in a random sample of 121 pregnant women at a medical center in Taiwan. Test-retest reliability was assessed for a sample of 55 pregnant women who completed this version at two time points in four weeks. Construct validity was verified with three questions and seven urinary-leakage situations by factor analysis. RESULTS: The Taiwanese version of the ICIQ-UI SF showed adequate test-retest reliability in pregnant Taiwanese women. The Pearson's correlation coefficient of the total score was 0.75, kappa statistics showed excellent or good reproducibility for most items and McNemar's test confirmed that there was no significant difference in the test-retest pair for each item of the scale. The internal consistency reliability of the scale was good, with Cronbach's α = 0.80. Three factors were extracted and identified with an eigenvalue ≥ 1.04, explaining 65.64% the total variance. The first, second and third factors were 'symptom and quality of life', 'stress incontinence or other types' and 'urge or overflow incontinence'. CONCLUSIONS: The results provide evidence of the validity and reliability of the psychometric properties of the Taiwanese version of the ICIQ-UI SF for pregnant women. RELEVANCE TO CLINICAL PRACTICE: This questionnaire is a suitable instrument for evaluating urinary incontinence in pregnant Taiwanese women. 
Calorie restriction (CR)-induced weight loss has been shown to lower the risk of chronic disease in obese individuals. Although the mechanisms that link weight loss to disease risk reduction remain unclear, evidence suggests adipokines may play a role. What has yet to be determined, however, is the dose-response effect of body weight loss and visceral fat mass loss on adipokines. Accordingly, this review examines how varying degrees of CR-induced weight loss (i.e., >10%, 5-10%, and <5% from baseline) impact plasma levels and expression of adiponectin, leptin, resistin, interleukin 6 (IL-6), interleukin 8 (IL-8), monocyte chemotactic protein 1 (MCP-1), and retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP-4). The dose-response relationship between visceral fat mass loss and adipokine profile improvement will also be explored. Results from this review demonstrate that even mild weight loss induced by CR may have beneficial effects on leptin levels, but it has no clear impact on adiponectin, resistin, IL-6, IL-8, MCP-1, or RBP-4 concentrations.
OBJECTIVE: This study was conducted to evaluate blood concentrations of inflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress-related biomarkers as risk factors of breast cancer and to determine the relation between these markers and antioxidant nutrient intake. METHODS: Study subjects were 134 patients with breast cancer and 149 controls. Total antioxidant capacity and concentrations of 8-isoprostane, 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine, interleukin (IL)-1β, IL-6, and IL-8 of blood samples were determined. A food-frequency questionnaire was used to assess nutrient intake. RESULTS: Patients with breast cancer had significantly higher blood levels of oxidative stress markers compared with control subjects. Plasma concentrations of IL-1β and IL-6 were significantly higher in patients with breast cancer compared with those of control subjects. In the pooled analysis, total antioxidant capacity was significantly decreased with increasing quartiles of carbohydrate intake but was increased with increasing quartiles of total vitamin A intake and vitamin C intake. In addition, 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine concentration was decreased with increasing quartiles of vitamin A and β-carotene. No significant association was found between nutrient intake and cytokine concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that oxidative stress and inflammation may be associated with the risk of breast cancer. Total vitamin A intake was negatively related to oxidative stresses, possibly modifying the risk of breast cancer. 
To clarify the circumstances of death, the degree of inebriation is of importance in many cases, but for several reasons the determination of the ethanol concentration in post-mortem samples can be challenging and the synopsis of ethanol and the direct consumption markers ethyl glucuronide (EtG) and ethyl sulphate (EtS) has proved to be useful. The use of a rather stable matrix like vitreous humor offers further advantages. The aim of this study was to determine the concentrations of ethanol and the biomarkers in the robust matrix of vitreous humor and to compare them with the respective levels in peripheral venous blood and urine. Samples of urine, blood from the femoral vein and vitreous humor were taken from 26 deceased with suspected ethanol consumption prior to death and analyzed for ethanol, EtS and EtG. In the urine samples creatinine was also determined. The personal data, the circumstances of death, the post-mortem interval and the information about ethanol consumption prior to death were recorded. EtG and EtS analysis in urine was performed by LC-ESI-MS/MS, creatinine concentration was determined using the Jaffé reaction and ethanol was detected by HS-GC-FID and by an ADH-based method. In general, the highest concentrations of the analytes were found in urine and showed statistical significance. The mean concentrations of EtG were 62.8mg/L (EtG100 206.5mg/L) in urine, 4.3mg/L in blood and 2.1mg/L in vitreous humor. EtS was found in the following mean concentrations: 54.6mg/L in urine (EtS100 123.1mg/L), 1.8mg/L in blood and 0.9mg/L in vitreous humor. Ethanol was detected in more vitreous humor samples (mean concentration 2.0g/kg) than in blood and urine (mean concentration 1.6g/kg and 2.1g/kg respectively). There was no correlation between the ethanol and the marker concentrations and no statistical conclusions could be drawn between the markers and matrices.
SUMMARY: Follow-up of a British national survey of older people found that in men, all-cause mortality was predicted by baseline plasma concentrations of phosphorus, albumin, creatinine and α1-antichymotrypsin, and food energy intake and in women by plasma alkaline phosphatase, creatinine, α1-antichymotrypsin, 25-hydroxy-vitamin D (marginally), and phosphorus intake. INTRODUCTION: Predictive power, for all-cause mortality, of bone-related vitamin and mineral indices and intakes, measured at baseline (primary objective), was studied in the British National Diet and Nutrition Survey (community-living subset) of People Aged 65 Years and Over. A secondary objective was to identify cross-sectional relationships between indices at baseline to help explain mortality predictions. METHODS: Mortality status was recorded for 1,054 (mean age 76.6 ± 7.4 years, 49.0% female) participants from baseline survey in 1994/1995 until September 2008. Seventy-four per cent of male and 62% of female participants died. Cox proportional hazards models were used to relate baseline nutrient and risk marker estimates to subsequent survival. Results below 1.0 signified lower risk at greater nutrient (status or intake) values and vice versa. RESULTS: In both sexes, all-cause mortality was significantly predicted by body weight and mid-upper arm circumference. In men, it was predicted by baseline plasma concentrations (per SD) of: phosphorus (hazard ratio 1.18, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.06-1.30), albumin (hazard ratio 0.84, 95% CI = 0.74-0.94), creatinine (hazard ratio 1.20, 95% CI = 1.08-1.33) and α(1)-antichymotrypsin (hazard ratio 1.21, 95% CI = 1.11-1.33). In women, it was predicted by plasma albumin (hazard ratio 0.83, 95% CI = 0.72-0.96), alkaline phosphatase (hazard ratio 1.08, 95% CI = 1.01-1.16), creatinine (hazard ratio 1.37, 95% CI = 1.13-1.66), α(1)-antichymotrypsin (hazard ratio 1.27, 95% CI = 1.11-1.45) and marginally by 25-hydroxy-vitamin D (hazard ratio 0.87, 95% CI = 0.75-1.00). In men, it was predicted by dietary intake (per SD) of food energy; in women, by intake of phosphorus. Adjustment for plasma α(1)-antichymotrypsin or plasma creatinine reduced the significance of plasma phosphorus in men. CONCLUSION: Mortality prediction by higher plasma phosphorus in older British men may imply impaired renal function and/or acute phase status. Further studies are needed on which associations are causal and modifiable. 
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of antioxidant intakes from diet and supplements with elevated blood C-reactive protein (CRP) and homocysteine (Hcy) concentrations. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study. The main exposures were vitamins C and E, carotene, flavonoid and Se intakes from diet and supplements. Elevated blood CRP and Hcy concentrations were the outcome measures. SETTING: The US population and its subgroups. SUBJECTS: We included 8335 US adults aged ≥19 years from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2002. RESULTS: In this US population, the mean serum CRP concentration was 4·14 (95 % CI 3·91, 4·37) mg/l. Intakes of vitamins C and E and carotene were inversely associated with the probability of having serum CRP concentrations >3 mg/l in multivariate logistic regression models. Flavonoid and Se intakes were not associated with the odds of elevated serum CRP concentrations. The mean plasma Hcy concentration was 8·61 (95 % CI 8·48, 8·74) μmol/l. Intakes of vitamins C, E, carotenes and Se were inversely associated with the odds of plasma Hcy concentrations >13 μmol/l after adjusting for covariates. Flavonoid intake was not associated with the chance of elevated plasma Hcy concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that high antioxidant intake is associated with lower blood concentrations of CRP and Hcy. These inverse associations may be among the potential mechanisms for the beneficial effect of antioxidant intake on CVD risk mediators in observational studies. 
The mechanisms by which dietary sodium modulates cardiovascular risk are not fully understood. This study investigated whether sodium intake is related to carotid structure and hemodynamics and to plasma matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) activity in hypertensive adults. One hundred thirty-four participants were cross-sectionally evaluated by clinical history, anthropometry, carotid ultrasound, and analysis of hemodynamic, inflammatory, and metabolic variables. Daily sodium intake (DSI) was estimated by 24-h recall, discretionary sodium, and a FFQ. In 42 patients, plasma MMP-2 and MMP-9 activities were also analyzed. The mean DSI was 5.52 ± 0.29 g/d. Univariate analysis showed that DSI correlated with common carotid artery systolic and diastolic diameter (r = 0.36 and 0.34; both P < 0.001), peak and mean circumferential tension (r = 0.44 and 0.39; both P < 0.001), Young's Elastic Modulus (r = 0.40; P < 0.001), intima-media thickness (r = 0.19; P < 0.05), and internal carotid artery resistive index (r = 0.20; P < 0.05). Multivariate analyses revealed that only artery diameter, circumferential wall tension, and Young's Elastic Modulus were independently associated with DSI. Conversely, plasma MMP-9 activity was associated with DSI (r = 0.53; P < 0.001) as well as with common carotid systolic diameter (r = 0.33; P < 0.05) and Young's Elastic Modulus (r = 0.38; P < 0.01). In conclusion, sodium intake is associated with carotid alterations in hypertensive adults independently of systemic hemodynamic variables. The present findings also suggest that increased MMP-9 activity might play a role in sodium-induced vascular remodeling.
Differences in diet appear to contribute substantially to the burden of disease in populations, and therefore changes in diet could lead to major improvements in public health. This is predicated on the reliable identification of causal effects of nutrition on health, and unfortunately nutritional epidemiology has deficiencies in terms of identifying these. This is reflected in the many cases where observational studies have suggested that a nutritional factor is protective against disease, and randomized controlled trials have failed to verify this. The use of genetic variants as proxy measures of nutritional exposure-an application of the Mendelian randomization principle-can contribute to strengthening causal inference in this field. Genetic variants are not subject to bias due to reverse causation (disease processes influencing exposure, rather than vice versa) or recall bias, and if obvious precautions are applied are not influenced by confounding or attenuation by errors. This is illustrated in the case of epidemiological studies of alcohol intake and various health outcomes, through the use of genetic variants related to alcohol metabolism (in ALDH2 and ADH1B). Examples from other areas of nutritional epidemiology and of the informative nature of gene-environment interactions interpreted within the Mendelian randomization framework are presented, and the potential limitations of the approach addressed.
OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to correlate blood pressure levels with the consumption of fruit, vegetables and pulses and fruit juice among Brazilian adolescents. BACKGROUND: Scientific evidence has shown a relationship between the regular consumption of vegetables and the prevention of cardiovascular disturbances, such as arterial hypertension, cerebrovascular disease and dyslipidemia. DESIGN: A cross-sectional and correlational study was designed involving a random sample of 794 adolescents from 12 private schools located in a metropolitan area in the north-east of Brazil. METHOD: The subjects responded to a questionnaire structured so as to investigate their regular consumption of fruits, vegetables, pulses and juice. Blood pressure was measured three times, with an interval of one minute between each measurement. The average of the last two measurements was used for the study. The chi-square test, Kruskal-Wallis test and Spearman's rank correlation were used to investigate the association between blood pressure and the consumption of fruit, vegetables, pulses and juice. RESULTS: Lower values of systolic and diastolic blood pressure were identified in adolescents with a consumption of fruit ≥twice daily (p<0·001). In the case of vegetables and pulses, systolic blood pressure was lower among adolescents who consumed more of this type of food (p=0·021). CONCLUSIONS: This study concluded that adolescents who consume more fruit have lower systolic and diastolic blood pressure, while those who regularly consume vegetables and pulses also had lower levels of systolic pressure. RELEVANCE TO CLINICAL PRACTICE: The results of this study suggest that nurses can develop health education activities in schools to encourage the consumption of fruits, vegetables, pulses and fruit juices, especially among those adolescents who are more likely to develop arterial hypertension. 
UNLABELLED: OBJECTVIE: In the elderly, vitamin D deficit, low calcium intake, and impaired bone microarchitecture are associated with higher risk of hip fracture. We assessed the association of bone microarchitecture with calcium intake and serum concentrations of 25-hydroxycholecalciferol (25OHD) and parathyroid hormone (PTH) in men. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analysis was performed in 1064 men aged 20-87 years not taking vitamin D or calcium supplements. METHODS: Daily calcium intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire. Bone microarchitecture was assessed at distal radius and tibia by high-resolution peripheral quantitative computed tomography. We measured serum and urinary levels of biochemical bone turnover markers (BTMs). Statistical models were adjusted for age, weight, height, and glomerular filtration rate. RESULTS: In 500 men aged <65 years, lower 25OHD levels and low calcium intake were associated with lower trabecular volumetric bone mineral density (Dtrab) at the distal tibia, due to lower trabecular number (Tb.N). Low calcium intake was associated with lower cortical thickness (Ct.Th). Higher PTH level was associated with higher BTM levels. In 563 men aged ≥65 years, the highest PTH quartile was associated with lower Ct.Th (tibia), lower Dtrab (both sites), and lower Tb.N (radius) compared with the lowest quartile. Low calcium intake was associated with lower Tb.N and more heterogenous trabecular distribution. BTM positively correlated with the PTH concentration. CONCLUSION: In older men, elevated PTH concentration is associated with high bone turnover, poor trabecular microarchitecture (radius and tibia), and, at the distal tibia, lower Ct.Th. Low calcium intake is associated with lower Tb.N and more heterogenous trabecular distribution. 
BACKGROUND: The increase in the burden of chronic diseases linked to the nutrition transition and associated dietary and lifestyle changes is of growing concern in south and east Mediterranean countries and adolescents are at the forefront of these changes. This study assessed dietary intake and association with socio-economic factors and health outcomes among adolescents in Tunisia. METHODS: Cross-sectional survey (year 2005); 1019 subjects 15-19 y. from a clustered random sample. Dietary intake was assessed by a validated semi-quantitative frequency questionnaire (134 items) as was physical activity; the Diet Quality Index International measured diet quality; dietary patterns were derived by multiple correspondence analysis from intakes of 43 food groups. Body Mass Index (BMI) ≥ 85th and 95th percentile defined overweight and obesity. Waist Circumference (WC) assessed abdominal fat. High blood pressure was systolic (SBP) or diastolic blood pressure (DBP) ≥ 90th of the international reference for 15-17 y., and SBP/DBP ≥ 120/80 mm Hg for 18-19 y. RESULTS: Energy intake levels were quite high, especially for females. The macro-nutrient structure was close to recommendations but only 38% had a satisfactory diet quality. A main traditional to modern dietary gradient, linked to urbanisation and increased economic level, featured an increasing consumption of white bread, dairy products, sugars, added fats and fruits and decreasing consumption of oils, grains, legumes and vegetables; regarding nutrients this modern diet score featured a decreasing relationship with total fat and an increase of calcium intake, but with an increase of energy, sugars and saturated fat, while vitamin C, potassium and fibre decreased. Adjusted for age, energy and physical activity, this modern pattern was associated with increased overweight in males (2nd vs. 1st tertile: Prevalence Odds-Ratio (POR) = 4.0[1.7-9.3], 3rd vs. 1st: POR = 3.3[1.3-8.7]) and a higher WC. Adjusting also for BMI and WC, among females, it was associated with decreased prevalence of high blood pressure (2nd vs. 1st tertile: POR = 0.5[0.3-0.8], 3rd vs. 1st tertile: POR = 0.4[0.2-0.8]). CONCLUSION: The dietary intake contrasts among Tunisian adolescents, linked to socio-economic differentials are characteristic of a nutrition transition situation. The observed gradient of modernisation of dietary intake features associations with several nutrients involving a higher risk of chronic diseases but might have not only negative characteristics regarding health outcomes. 
BACKGROUND: Dietary glycemic index and load are widely used to estimate the effect of carbohydrate-containing foods on postprandial blood glucose concentrations and as surrogates for insulin response. The food insulin index (II) directly quantifies the postprandial insulin secretion of a food and takes into account foods with a low or no carbohydrate content. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the average dietary II and insulin load (IL) in relation to biomarkers of glycemic control, plasma lipids, and inflammation markers. DESIGN: In a cross-sectional setting and with the use of data from the Nurses' Health Study and the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study, we measured plasma concentrations of C-peptide, glycated hemoglobin (Hb A(1c)), HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, C-reactive protein (CRP), and interleukin-6 (IL-6) in fasting blood samples of 4002 healthy men and women. The dietary II and IL were assessed from food-frequency questionnaires by using directly analyzed or published food II data. RESULTS: After multivariate adjustment, participants in the highest quintile of II had 26% higher triglyceride concentrations than did participants in the lowest quintile of II (P for trend < 0.0001). This association was strongest in obese [body mass index (in kg/m(2)) ≥30] participants (difference between highest and lowest quintiles in the II: 72%; P for trend = 0.01). Dietary II was inversely associated with HDL cholesterol in obese participants (difference: -18%; P for trend = 0.03). Similar associations were seen for the IL. Dietary II and IL were not significantly associated with plasma C-peptide, Hb A(1c), LDL cholesterol, CRP, or IL-6. CONCLUSION: Dietary II and IL were not associated with fasting biomarkers of glycemic control but may be physiologically relevant to plasma lipids, especially in obese individuals. 
A quantitative food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was developed to determine antioxidant intake in athletes. The questionnaire will be valuable for researchers wishing to standardize antioxidant intake or simply document habitual intake during an intervention trial. One hundred thirteen athletes participated in the validity study, of whom 96 completed the questionnaire and blood test, 81 completed the 7-d food diary and questionnaire, and 63 completed the 7-d food diary and blood test. Validity was investigated by comparing total and food-group antioxidant intakes from the questionnaire with those from a subsequent 7-d food diary. Measures of construct validity were determined by comparing a biomarker of antioxidant capacity (ferric-reducing ability of plasma) in a blood sample with antioxidant intakes from the questionnaire and diary. The correlation between the diary and questionnaire energy-adjusted estimates of total antioxidant intake was modest (.38; 90% confidence limits, ± .14); the correlation was highest for antioxidants from cereals (.55; ± .11), which contributed the greatest proportion (31%) of the total antioxidant intake. Correlations were also high for coffee and tea (.51; ± .15) and moderate for vegetables (.34; ± .16) and fruit (.31; ± .16). The correlation of the plasma biomarker with the questionnaire estimate was small (.28; ± .15), but the correlation with the diary estimate was inconsequential (-.03; ± .15). One-week test-retest reliability of the questionnaire's estimates of antioxidant intake in 20 participants was high (.83; ± .16). In conclusion, the FFQ is less labor intensive for participants and researchers than a 7-d diary and appears to be at least as trustworthy for estimating antioxidant intake.
BACKGROUND: Although impaired health-related quality of life (HRQOL) has been reported in patients with sarcoidosis, there is currently no sarcoidosis-specific questionnaire in Japan. The 29-item Sarcoidosis Health Questionnaire (SHQ), originally developed in the United States, is the only sarcoidosis-specific HRQOL questionnaire currently available. The primary aim of this study was to develop and validate a Japanese version of the SHQ. FINDINGS: The SHQ was translated into Japanese following the forward-backward procedure. The reliability and validity of the Japanese version of the SHQ were examined. One hundred twenty-two Japanese patients with biopsy-proven sarcoidosis were evaluated by the SHQ, the Medical Outcomes Study 36-item short form (SF-36), the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ), chest radiography, an electrocardiogram, laboratory blood tests, pulmonary function tests, an echocardiogram, and assessments of dyspnea and depressive symptoms. The SHQ was found to have acceptable levels of internal consistency (Cronbach's coefficient α values = 0.68 to 0.91). SHQ scores correlated significantly with scores on the SF-36 and SGRQ. The domain or total scores on the SHQ also significantly correlated with serum levels of the soluble interleukin-2 receptor, the percentage of the predicted forced vital capacity, pulmonary arterial systolic pressure, dyspnea, and depressive symptoms. Also, the SHQ scores of patients who had one or two organ systems affected by sarcoidosis were significantly different from those of patients who had three or more organ systems involvement. CONCLUSIONS: The Japanese version of the SHQ can be used to assess the HRQOL of patients with sarcoidosis. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) during pregnancy is known to increase oxidative stress, which may influence pregnancy outcomes and health of the child. SUBJECTS/METHODS: This study investigated whether fruit and vegetable intake modifies the relationship between exposure to PAHs and oxidative stress status during pregnancy. Urinary levels of 2-naphthol and 1-hydroxypyrene (biomarkers of exposure to PAHs), and malondialdehyde (MDA; a biomarker of oxidative stress) were analyzed in 715 pregnant women at 12-28 weeks of gestation. The dietary antioxidant intake during pregnancy was estimated using the 24-h recall method. Urinary 2-naphthol, 1-hydroxypyrene and MDA levels were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography-fluorescence detection. RESULTS: The urinary MDA level was positively correlated with the 2-naphthol level (r=0.255, P<0.001) and 1-hydroxypyrene level (r=0.240, P<0.001). Multiple regression analysis after adjustment for covariates revealed that the urinary 1-hydroxypyrene level was positively associated with the MDA level; these positive associations only existed in pregnant women, with either the fruit and vegetable intake or the vitamin C intake in the first tertile (<390.1 g/day) or in the first and second tertiles (<141.5 mg/day), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that an adequate maternal intake of fruit, vegetables and vitamin C is beneficial to the defense against the oxidative stress associated with exposure to PAHs in pregnant women. 
A reliance on self-reported dietary intake measures is a common research limitation, thus the need for dietary biomarkers. Added-sugar intake may play a role in the development and progression of obesity and related comorbidities; common sweeteners include corn and sugar cane derivatives. These plants contain a high amount of ¹³C, a naturally occurring stable carbon isotope. Consumption of these sweeteners, of which sugar-sweetened beverages are the primary dietary source, might be reflected in the δ¹³C value of blood. Fingerstick blood represents an ideal substrate for bioassay because of its ease of acquisition. The objective of this investigation was to determine if the δ¹³C value of fingerstick blood is a potential biomarker of added-sugar and sugar-sweetened beverage intake. Individuals aged 21 years and older (n = 60) were recruited to attend three laboratory visits; assessments completed at each visit depended upon a randomly assigned sequence (sequence one or two). The initial visit included assessment of height, weight, and dietary intake (sequence one: beverage intake questionnaire, sequence two: 4-day food intake record). Sequence one participants completed a food intake record at visit two, and nonfasting blood samples were obtained via routine fingersticks at visits one and three. Sequence two participants completed a beverage intake questionnaire at visit two, and provided fingerstick blood samples at visits two and three. Samples were analyzed for δ¹³C value using natural abundance stable isotope mass spectrometry. δ¹³C value was compared to dietary outcomes in all participants, as well as among those in the highest and lowest tertile of added-sugar intake. Reported mean added-sugar consumption was 66 ± 5 g/day, and sugar-sweetened beverage consumption was 330 ± 53 g/day and 134 ± 25 kcal/day. Mean fingerstick δ¹³C value was -19.94‰ ± 0.10‰, which differed by body mass index status. δ¹³C value was associated (all P < 0.05) with intake of total added sugars (g, r = 0.37; kcal, r = 0.37), soft drinks (g, r = 0.26; kcal, r = 0.27), and total sugar-sweetened beverage (g, r = 0.28; kcal, r = 0.35). The δ¹³C value in the lowest and the highest added-sugar intake tertiles were significantly different (mean difference = -0.48‰; P = 0.028). Although there are several potential dietary sources for blood carbon, the δ¹³C value of fingerstick blood shows promise as a noninvasive biomarker of added-sugar and sugar-sweetened beverage intake based on these findings.
Soybeans are known to protect against osteoporosis, but other legumes frequently consumed in Asia have not been studied to learn if they have a similar protective effect. This study investigated the hypothesis that consumption of soybean, mung bean, cowpea, and adzuki bean has beneficial effects on bone biomarkers in ovariectomized rats. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were either sham operated (sham; n = 7) or surgically ovariectomized and then fed a regular AIN-93M diet (OVX; n = 7) or AIN-93M containing soybean (n = 7), mung bean (n = 7), cowpea (n = 7), or adzuki beans (n = 7) for 10 weeks. No bean consumption significantly altered the body, subcutaneous fat, or uterus weight; however, consumption significantly increased the serum calcium/phosphorous ratio and decreased urinary calcium excretion compared with those of the OVX group. Serum concentration of 17β-estradiol was significantly lower in the OVX group compared with that of the sham group and was lowest in the group fed OVX diet containing soybean. Serum osteocalcin concentration was significantly higher in all OVX rats given a diet with beans compared with the same diet without, but urinary deoxypyridinoline excretion was lowest in the group fed OVX diet containing cowpea. There were no significant differences in bone mineral density or bone mineral content of the right femur, tibia, or lumbar spine or in the trabecular bone volume of the tibia among the diet groups. In conclusion, the consumption of soybean, mung bean, cowpea, and adzuki bean in OVX rats improved osteocalcin, but only those fed cowpea showed decreased bone resorption biomarker, suggesting that cowpea may have the most protective effect on bone in OVX rats.
BACKGROUND/AIMS: Changes in lipid profiles have been shown to be associated with diet and apolipoprotein (APO) polymorphisms. Therefore, 2 polymorphisms, i.e. APOA5-1131T>C and APOC3-482C>T, and serum lipids were examined in a Chinese healthy young population with high-carbohydrate/low-fat (HC/LF) diet intervention. METHODS: After a wash-out diet for 7 days, 56 young adults (22.89 ± 1.80 years) received the HC/LF diet for 6 days. Body mass index (BMI) and fasting serum lipid profiles at baseline, after the wash-out diet, and after the HC/LF diet were measured. RESULTS: APOA5-1131C carriers had higher triglyceride (TG) and TG-rich lipoprotein TG (TRL-TG) levels at baseline and after the HC/LF diet, though this mainly corresponded to the female cohort. APOC3-482T carriers had higher TRL-TG levels following the wash-out and HC/LF diets, but these were not directly attributable to a single gender. CONCLUSIONS: Both polymorphisms may play an important role in the elevated TG and TRL-TG levels induced by the HC/LF diet, especially in females, thus indicating a potential dietary prevention of coronary heart disease in this Chinese cohort. 
With aging, renal function tends to decline, as evidenced by reduced glomerular filtration rate. High-protein intake may further stress the kidneys by causing sustained hyperfiltration. To investigate whether dietary protein is associated with impaired renal function, we used data from 2 nested case-control studies within the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study (n = 2419). We estimated protein intake using a FFQ and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) from cystatin C. To account for the original study designs, inverse probability weights were applied. Self-reported energy and protein were calibrated using biomarkers of energy and protein intake. Associations between protein intake and renal function were estimated by weighted linear and logistic regression models. Average calibrated protein intake (mean ± SD) was 1.1 ± 0.2 g/(kg body weight·d).Twelve percent (n = 292) of women had impaired renal function. The odds of impaired renal function, defined as eGFR <60 mL/(min·1.73m(2)), was not associated with calibrated protein intake. When eGFR was modeled continuously, there was no association with calibrated protein when protein was expressed in absolute (g/d) or relative to energy (protein % energy/d), but protein relative to body weight [g/(kg body weight·d)] was associated with higher eGFR. There was no evidence for effect modification by age, BMI, or general health status. These data suggest higher protein intake is not associated with impaired renal function among postmenopausal women without a diagnosis of chronic kidney disease.
OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of a 4-week high-saturated fat/high-glycemic index (HIGH) diet with a low-saturated fat/low-glycemic index (LOW) diet on insulin and lipid metabolism, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) markers of Alzheimer disease, and cognition for healthy adults and adults with amnestic mild cognitive impairment (aMCI). DESIGN: Randomized controlled trial. SETTING: Veterans Affairs Medical Center clinical research unit. PARTICIPANTS: Forty-nine older adults (20 healthy adults with a mean [SD] age of 69.3 [7.4] years and 29 adults with aMCI with a mean [SD] age of 67.6 [6.8] years). INTERVENTION: Participants received the HIGH diet (fat, 45% [saturated fat, > 25%]; carbohydrates, 35%-40% [glycemic index, > 70]; and protein, 15%-20%) or the LOW diet (fat, 25%; [saturated fat, < 7%]; carbohydrates, 55%-60% [glycemic index, < 55]; and protein, 15%-20%) for 4 weeks. Cognitive tests, an oral glucose tolerance test, and lumbar puncture were conducted at baseline and during the fourth week of the diet. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The CSF concentrations of β-amyloid (Aβ42 and Aβ40), tau protein, insulin, F2-isoprostanes, and apolipoprotein E, plasma lipids and insulin, and measures of cognition. RESULTS: For the aMCI group, the LOW diet increased CSF Aβ42 concentrations, contrary to the pathologic pattern of lowered CSF Aβ42 typically observed in Alzheimer disease. The LOW diet had the opposite effect for healthy adults, ie, decreasing CSF Aβ42, whereas the HIGH diet increased CSF Aβ42. The CSF apolipoprotein E concentration was increased by the LOW diet and decreased by the HIGH diet for both groups. For the aMCI group, the CSF insulin concentration increased with the LOW diet, but the HIGH diet lowered the CSF insulin concentration for healthy adults. The HIGH diet increased and the LOW diet decreased plasma lipids, insulin, and CSF F2-isoprostane concentrations. Delayed visual memory improved for both groups after completion of 4 weeks of the LOW diet. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that diet may be a powerful environmental factor that modulates Alzheimer disease risk through its effects on central nervous system concentrations of Aβ42, lipoproteins, oxidative stress, and insulin. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine whether sedentary obese women with elevated levels of homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) insulin resistance (ie, > 3.5) experience greater benefits from an exercise + higher-carbohydrate (HC) or carbohydrate-restricted weight loss program than women with lower HOMA levels. METHODS: 221 women (age, 46.5 ± 12 years; body weight, 90.3 ± 16 kg; body mass index, 33.8 ± 5 kg/m(2)) participated in a 10-week supervised exercise and weight loss program. The fitness program involved 30 minutes of circuit-style resistance training 3 days per week. Subjects were prescribed low-fat (30%) isoenergetic diets that consisted of 1200 kcals per day for 1 week (phase 1) and 1600 kcals per day for 9 weeks (phase 2) with HC or higher protein (HP). Fasting blood samples, body composition, anthropometry, resting energy expenditure, and fitness measurements were obtained at 0 and 10 weeks. Subjects were retrospectively stratified into lower (LH) or higher (HH) than 3.5 HOMA groups. Data were analyzed by multivariate analysis of variance with repeated measures and are presented as mean ± standard deviation changes from baseline. RESULTS: Baseline HOMA levels in the LH group were significantly lower than those in the HH group (LH, 0.6 ± 0.7; HH, 6.3 ± 3.4; P = 0.001). Diet and training significantly decreased body weight (-3.5 ± 3 kg), fat mass (-2.7 ± 3 kg), blood glucose (-3%), total cholesterol (-4.5%), low-density lipoproteins (-5%), triglycerides (-5.9%), systolic blood pressure (-2.6%), and waist circumference (-3.7%), while increasing peak aerobic capacity (7.3%). Subjects in the HP group experienced greater weight loss (-4.4 ± 3.6 kg vs -2.6 ± 2.9 kg), fat loss (-3.4 ± 2.7 kg vs -1.7 ± 2.0 kg), reductions in serum glucose (3% vs 2%), and decreases in serum leptin levels (-30.8% vs -10.8%) than those in the HC group. Participants in the HH (-14.1%) and HP-HH (-21.6%) groups observed the greatest reduction in serum blood glucose. CONCLUSION: A carbohydrate-restricted diet promoted more favorable changes in weight loss, fat loss, and markers of health in obese women who initiated an exercise program compared with a diet higher in carbohydrate. Additionally, obese women who initiated training and dieting with higher HOMA levels experienced greater reductions in blood glucose following an HP diet. 
The structure and function of the hippocampus, a brain region critical for learning and memory, is impaired by obesity and hyperlipidemia. Peripheral cholesterol and sphingolipids increase progressively with aging and are associated with a range of age-related diseases. However, the mechanisms linking peripheral cholesterol metabolism to hippocampal neuroplasticity remain poorly understood. To determine whether diets that elevate serum cholesterol influence lipid metabolism in the hippocampus, we maintained rats on a diet with high amounts of saturated fat and simple sugars for 3 months and then analyzed hippocampal lipid species using tandem mass spectrometry. The high fat diet was associated with increased serum and liver cholesterol and triglyceride levels, and also promoted cholesterol accumulation in the hippocampus. Increases in hippocampal cholesterol were associated with elevated galactosyl ceramide and sphingomyelin. To determine whether changes in lipid composition exerted biological effects, we measured levels of the lipid peroxidation products 4-hydroxynonenal-lysine and 4-hydroxynonenal-histidine; both were increased locally in the hippocampus, indicative of cell membrane-associated oxidative stress. Taken together, these observations support the existence of a potentially pathogenic relationship between dietary fat intake, peripheral cholesterol and triglyceride levels, brain cell sphingolipid metabolism, and oxidative stress.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the validity of fruit and vegetable intakes as it relates to plasma carotenoid and vitamin C concentrations in Chinese women, using three classification schemes. DESIGN: Intakes were calculated using an interviewer-administered FFQ. Fruits and vegetables, botanical groups and high-nutrient groups were evaluated. These three classification schemes were compared with plasma carotenoid and vitamin C concentrations from blood samples collected within 1 week of questionnaire completion. SETTING: Shanghai, China. SUBJECTS: Participants (n 2031) comprised women who had participated in a case-control study of diet and breast-related diseases nested within a randomized trial of breast self-examination among textile workers (n 266 064) RESULTS: Fruit intake was significantly (P < 0·05) and positively associated with plasma concentrations of α-tocopherol, β-cryptoxanthin, lycopene, α-carotene, β-carotene, retinyl palmitate and vitamin C. Fruit intake was inversely associated with γ-tocopherol and lutein + zeaxanthin concentrations. Vegetable consumption was significantly and positively associated with γ-tocopherol and β-cryptoxanthin concentrations. Each botanical and high-nutrient group was also significantly associated with particular plasma nutrient concentrations. Fruit and vegetable intakes and most plasma nutrient concentrations were significantly associated with season of interview. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that the manner in which fruits and vegetables are grouped leads to different plasma nutrient exposure information, which may be an important consideration when testing and generating hypotheses regarding disease risk in relation to diet. Interview season should be considered when evaluating the associations of reported intake and plasma nutrients with disease outcomes. 
The lack of robust measures of dietary exposure hinders a quantitative understanding of causal relationships between diet and health. Non-targeted metabolite fingerprinting was used to explore the relationships between citrus exposure in free-living human subjects, estimated by a FFQ, and the chemical content of urine. Volunteers (study 1, n 12; study 2, n 11) were classified into high-, medium- and low-frequency citrus consumption groups. Overnight and spot fasting urine samples were obtained after exposure to a standardised citrus-free evening meal. The urine samples were analysed by flow injection electrospray-ionisation MS followed by supervised multivariate data classification analysis to discover discriminatory features associated with the level of citrus exposure. Good separation of high and low citrus consumption classes was achieved. Deeper exploration of high-ranked explanatory mass signals revealed several correlated signals derived from proline betaine. Targeted analysis of the relative levels of proline betaine in both fasting and overnight urine samples demonstrated good correlation with FFQ exposure data. Acute exposure of volunteers to orange juice resulted in the appearance of proline betaine and several biotransformed products in postprandial urine samples. Biomarker validation showed sensitivities of 80·8-92·2 % and specificities of 74·2-94·1 % (false discovery rate-adjusted P values < 0·05) for elevated proline betaine in participants who reported high citrus consumption. Proline betaine biotransformation products displayed weaker quantitative relationships with habitual citrus exposure. Targeted screening for the presence of biotransformation products of hesperidin and narirutin, known to be abundant in oranges, revealed that they were relatively poor indicators of citrus exposure.
A healthy diet rich in fish, fruit, and vegetables, moderate in alcoholic beverages, and low in dairy products has been associated with lower circulating concentrations of biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction (ED) and low-grade inflammation (LGI). It is, however, unknown how consumption of these food groups affects ED and/or LGI over time. We measured diet by the computer-assisted crosscheck dietary history method at 36 ± 0.63 y of age (n = 301, women = 161). At 36 and 42 y of age, we measured von Willebrand factor, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (sICAM-1), soluble endothelial selectin, soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 and soluble thrombomodulin (circulating biomarkers of ED); and C-reactive protein, serum amyloid A, IL-6, IL-8, TNFα, and sICAM-1 (circulating biomarkers of LGI). We investigated the associations between food groups and changes in combined biomarker Z-scores of ED and LGI [higher scores associated with greater risk of (incident) cardiovascular disease]. After adjustment for sex, energy intake, BMI, physical activity, alcohol consumption, smoking behavior, and other food groups, consumption of fish (per 100 g/wk), but none of the other food groups, was inversely associated with changes in ED [β (95%CI) = -0.06 (-0.10; -0.02); P = 0.003] and LGI [-0.05 (-0.09; -0.003); P = 0.036]. Additionally, EPA+DHA intake was inversely associated with changes in ED [β (95%CI) = -0.13 (-0.19; -0.07); P ≤ 0.001] and LGI [-0.09 (-0.16; -0.02); P = 0.013] and explained 83 and 40% of the association between fish and changes in ED and LGI. In conclusion, fish consumption, but not fruit, vegetable, alcoholic beverage, or dairy product consumption, was associated with decreased ED and LGI in healthy adults.
PURPOSE: We compared the effects of consumption of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA)-enriched tomato juice versus plain tomato juice on the serum lipid profile and levels of biomarkers related to antioxidant status and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in women. METHODS: Eighteen healthy women participated in a 2-week intervention trial involving the daily intake of 500 mL of n-3 PUFA-enriched juice (n = 11) or plain tomato juice (n = 7). Each serving of enriched juice provided 250 mg of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexanoic acid (DHA). Both juices provided natural antioxidant compounds such as phenolics (181 mg) and lycopene (26.5 mg). RESULTS: Intervention with the enriched juice had no effect on the lipid profile, and serum levels of triglycerides and cholesterol (total, LDL, and HDL) remained unchanged. The serum antioxidant status improved following juice intake, as revealed by an increase in total antioxidant capacity and a slight decrease in lipid peroxidation. The serum levels of homocysteine, a cardiovascular risk factor, decreased following n-3 PUFA-enriched juice consumption. A decrease in vascular adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1) levels was also noted after intake of either plain or enriched tomato juice, whereas intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM-1) levels only decreased following intake of the enriched juice. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, stronger positive amelioration of CVD risk factors was observed following the intake of n-3 PUFA-enriched juice than after plain tomato juice consumption, which suggested a possible synergistic action between n-3 PUFAs and tomato antioxidants. 
BACKGROUND: A moderate intake of alcohol is associated with lower cardiovascular mortality, and the role of circulating progenitor cells in the beneficial effect of alcohol on atherosclerosis is unclear. The hypothesis of this study was that alcohol ameliorates atherosclerosis by modulating the circulating levels of stromal cell-derived growth factor (SDF)-1 and vascular progenitor cells. METHODS AND RESULTS: Atherosclerosis was induced by infusion of angiotensin II in apolipoprotein-E deficient mice, which were treated with high and low doses of ethanol for 28 days by intraperitoneal injection. Mice treated with low-dose ethanol had significantly less dilatation and fewer atheromatous lesions than mice receiving the high-dose ethanol. The number of circulating fibrocytes was significantly lower in mice treated with high-dose ethanol compared with mice with atherosclerosis untreated with ethanol. The plasma CXCL12/SDF-1 level was significantly increased in mice treated with low-dose ethanol compared with mice treated with a high dose, and the plasma concentration of transforming growth factor-β1 was significantly increased in mice treated with high-dose ethanol compared with control mice. Ethanol regulated the secretion of SDF-1 and vascular endothelial growth factor from fibroblasts in a dose-dependent and bimodal fashion. CONCLUSIONS: The circulating level of CXCL12/SDF-1 may be involved, at least in part, in the differential effects of alcohol consumption on atherosclerosis. 
This study aimed to examine the association of dietary vitamin intakes with plasma pro-inflammatory cytokine levels in Korean heart failure patients. Stable outpatients with heart failure were recruited and finally 91 patients were included. Dietary intakes were estimated by a developed semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. The simultaneous measurement of 17 cytokines was performed along with analysis of plasma C-reactive protein. Plasma C-reactive protein levels significantly correlated with dietary intakes of vitamin C (r = -0.30, p<0.005), β-carotene (r = -0.23, p<0.05), and folate (r = -0.31, p<0.005). However, these associations were no longer significant after adjusting for traditional risk factors for heart failure. On the other hand, plasma levels of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 significantly correlated with dietary folate intake (r = -0.31, p<0.001), and plasma interleukin-8 levels significantly correlated with dietary intakes of vitamin C (r = -0.38, p<0.001), β-carotene (r = -0.42, p<0.001), and folate (r = -0.38, p<0.001) after the adjustment. Dietary folate intake was found as a primary influencing factor on plasma levels of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (p<0.005, R(2) = 0.20) and interleukin-8 (p<0.001, R(2) = 0.32) through a stepwise multiple linear regression analysis. Dietary folate intake was significantly associated with plasma levels of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 and interleukin-8 which indicates dietary folate may have a potentially beneficial role in the prevention and treatment of heart failure.
OBJECTIVE: School questionnaires of self-reported schistosomiasis provide a rapid and simple approach for identifying schools at high risk of Schistosoma haematobium and requiring mass treatment. This study investigates the reliability of school questionnaires to identify such schools and infected children within the context of a national school-based deworming programme in Kenya. METHODS: Between November 2008 and March 2009, 6182 children from 61 schools in Coast Province, Kenya were asked by an interviewer whether they had blood in urine or urinary schistosomiasis (kichocho), and their results were compared with results from microscopic examination of urine samples. Subsequently, in 2009, a school-based questionnaire survey for self-reported schistosomiasis was distributed by the Ministry of Education to all schools in Coast Province, and its results were compared against results from the parasitological survey. The questionnaire survey results were linked to a schools database and mapped. RESULTS: Prevalence of self-reported blood in urine was lower among girls than boys among all ages. The use of a 30% threshold of reported blood in urine was both highly sensitive (91.7%) and specific (100%) in identifying high (>50%) prevalence schools in Coast Province. Questionnaires were however less reliable in diagnosing S. haematobium infection in individuals, particularly among young girls. Comparable levels of reliability were observed when the questionnaire was distributed through the existing education systems and administered by class teachers. CONCLUSIONS: The results confirm that blood in urine questionnaires can be reliably used to target mass treatment with praziquantel at national scales. The mapped results of the Ministry of Education survey serve to describe the spatial variation of urinary schistosomiasis and identify schools requiring mass treatment. 
BACKGROUND: Previous studies of a functional variant of the catechol-O-methyl transferase (COMT) gene, Val158Met, have provided inconsistent results with regard to blood pressure or hypertension. We examined the effect of this variant, the considering environmental factors of daily salt and energy intakes. METHODS: A total of 735 Japanese men (mean age, 47 years) were recruited from two separate occupational cohorts from Kanagawa and Kyoto prefectures. Participants were genotyped for the presence of COMT Val158Met (rs4680, G/A). Daily salt and energy intakes were evaluated by the food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). RESULTS: Met/Met carriers had higher adjusted systolic blood pressure (SBP) (+4.79 mm Hg, P < 0.001) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (+2.33 mm Hg, P = 0.001) than Met/Val or Val/Val carriers. There was a significant association between being a Met/Met carrier and having a higher prevalence of hypertension (odds ratio = 2.448, 95% confidence interval = 1.426-4.205, P = 0.001). When salt and energy intakes were dichotomized, the effect of Val158Met on hypertension was observed only in the high-energy intake group, and was equivalent between low- and high-salt groups. CONCLUSION: The Met allele of COMT Val158Met is associated with higher blood pressure and higher prevalence of hypertension in Japanese men, and energy intake may interact with this effect. 
The mechanisms implicated in the LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C)-lowering effects of the Mediterranean-type diet (MedDiet) are unknown. The present study assessed the impact of the MedDiet consumed under controlled feeding conditions, with and without weight loss, on surrogate markers of cholesterol absorption, synthesis and clearance using plasma phytosterols, lathosterol and proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin-9 (PCSK9) concentrations, respectively, in men with the metabolic syndrome. The subjects' diet (n 19, 24-62 years) was first standardised to a baseline North American control diet (5 weeks) followed by a MedDiet (5 weeks), both under weight-maintaining isoenergetic feeding conditions. The participants then underwent a 20-week free-living energy restriction period (10 (sd 3) % reduction in body weight, P < 0·01), followed by the consumption of the MedDiet (5 weeks) under controlled isoenergetic feeding conditions. The LDL-C-lowering effect of the MedDiet in the absence of weight loss ( - 9·9 %) was accompanied by significant reductions in plasma PCSK9 concentrations ( - 11·7 %, P < 0·01) and in the phytosterol:cholesterol ratio ( - 9·7 %, P < 0·01) compared with the control diet. The addition of weight loss to the MedDiet had no further impact on plasma LDL-C concentrations and on these surrogate markers of LDL clearance and cholesterol absorption. The present results suggest that the MedDiet reduces plasma LDL-C concentrations primarily by increasing LDL clearance and reducing cholesterol absorption, with no synergistic effect of body weight loss in this process.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are implicated in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis, diabetes and kidney disease. The objective was to describe dietary intake, the dominant source of exposure to AGEs, with carboxymethyl-lysine (CML), a major AGE, in serum and urine, respectively. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Serum and urinary CML were measured in 261 adults, aged 21-69 years, and compared with diet as assessed by six separate 24-h dietary recalls. RESULTS: Median (25th, 75th percentile) serum and urinary CML concentrations were 686 (598, 803) μg/l and 1023 (812, 1238) μg/gm creatinine. There was no correlation between serum and urinary CML (r=-0.02, P=0.78). Serum CML was positively correlated with intake of soy, fruit juice, cold breakfast cereal, non-fat milk, whole grains, fruit, non-starchy vegetables and legumes, and negatively correlated with intake of red meat. Intake of fast food was not significantly correlated with serum CML. Urinary CML was positively correlated with intake of starchy vegetables, whole grains, sweets, nuts/seeds and chicken, and negatively correlated with intake of fast foods. Intake of AGE-rich foods such as fried chicken, French fries, bacon/sausage and crispy snacks were not significantly correlated with serum or urinary CML, except for a significant negative correlation between fried chicken and serum CML. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that the high consumption of foods considered high in CML is not a major determinant of either serum or urinary CML. Further work is needed to understand the relationship of AGEs in blood and urine with the metabolism of dietary AGEs. 
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: Sexual well-being is an important aspect of women's life. The objective of this study was to validate the Portuguese-translated version of the short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire--PISQ-12. METHODS: Sixty-four women were enrolled to participate in the process of validating the PISQ-12 (study group). A further 68 subjects were allocated to a control group for comparison between the group of women with pelvic organ prolapse/urinary incontinence and the asymptomatic group. RESULTS: The PISQ-12 presented good internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha of 0.79 for the study group and 0.80 for the control group). The test-retest reliability using the intraclass correlation coefficient was 0.77. Mean score on the PISQ-12 was significantly higher in the control group than in the study group (42.7 ± 3.9 vs 27.8 ± 9.3) CONCLUSIONS: The Portuguese version of the PISQ-12 was reliable for the assessment of sexual function in women with pelvic organ prolapse/urinary incontinence. 
Prostate and other cancers have a multitude of potential markers that can be used in laboratory and clinical studies of diet and dietary supplement interventions. More overt clinical markers include imaging tests, biopsy samples, prostate-specific antigen kinetics, and urinary testing. Many molecular markers are currently available, including antiapoptotic and apoptotic proteins, cell adhesion molecules, cell cycle compounds, growth factors, angiogenic markers, and proliferative and inflammatory signals. Protein kinases and transcription factors should also be considered for diversity. Testing of numerous molecular markers has become critical in gaining preliminary insight into the potential impact of a novel diet and supplemental agents.
Epidemiological studies demonstrated that human exposure to methylmercury (MeHg) may contribute to the development and progression of metabolic and cardiovascular disorders. However, the mechanisms involved and the role of selenium (Se) and vitamin E (V(E)) supplementation in modulating MeHg cardiovascular toxicities remain unclear. This study examined the effects of Se and V(E) supplementation on MeHg-mediated systemic oxidative stress, antioxidant defense, inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction in an animal model. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a starch-based casein diet or the same diet supplemented with 1 or 3 mg Se/kg diet and with or without 250 or 750 mg V(E)/kg diet. After 28 days of dietary treatment, rats were gavaged with 0 or 3 mg MeHg/kg BW for 14 consecutive days. Results suggested that exposure to MeHg may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease by decreasing circulating paraoxonase-1 activities, increasing serum oxidized low density lipoprotein levels, and associated systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction as reflected by increased leukocyte counts and serum levels of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 and monocyte chemotactic protein-1. Se and V(E) supplementation may either alleviate or augment the effects of MeHg, depending on their doses and combinations.
The aim of the study was to evaluate whether two dietary approaches recommended for diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular prevention-high-MUFA or complex carbohydrates/fiber-differently influence inflammation. A 4-week crossover study in 12 individuals with type 2 diabetes was performed. Fasting and postprandial hs-CRP plasma levels were not significantly different after a high-carbohydrate/high-fiber/low-glycemic index (CHO/fiber) and a high-MUFA diet. Compared with fasting, hs-CRP levels decreased significantly after the MUFA but not after the CHO/fiber meal. Triglyceride-rich lipoproteins were significantly lower after the CHO/fiber than the MUFA diet. At fasting and postprandially, hs-CRP correlated with triglyceride in whole plasma, chylomicrons, small and large VLDL after the CHO/fiber but not after the MUFA diet. In conclusion, a MUFA-rich diet and a carbohydrate/fiber-rich diet induced similar effects on plasma hs-CRP concentrations. However, these dietary approaches seem to influence hs-CRP levels through different mechanisms. i.e., direct acute postprandial effects by MUFA and triglyceride-rich lipoproteins mediated effects by CHO/fiber.
AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of the study was to investigate the association between vitamin D intake and status and the risk of islet autoimmunity (IA) and subsequent type 1 diabetes in children at increased risk of type 1 diabetes. METHODS: The Diabetes Autoimmunity Study in the Young (DAISY) in Denver, CO, USA, has been following children at increased risk of diabetes since 1993. As of February 2011, 198 children developed IA during follow-up of 2,644 DAISY children. Vitamin D intake and plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] were measured longitudinally. Proportional hazards regression analyses of time to IA, or type 1 diabetes in IA-positive children, were conducted, with vitamin D intake and 25(OH)D as time-varying covariates. HRs were calculated for a standard deviation difference in exposure, with adjustment for confounders. RESULTS: Intake of vitamin D was not associated with the risk of IA (adjusted HR 1.13; 95% CI 0.95, 1.35; p = 0.18) nor progression to diabetes in IA-positive children (adjusted HR 1.30; 95% CI 0.91, 1.86; p = 0.15). Moreover, 25(OH)D level was not associated with the risk of IA (adjusted HR 1.12; 95% CI 0.88, 1.43; p = 0.36), nor progression to diabetes in IA-positive children (adjusted HR 0.91; 95% CI 0.68, 1.22; p = 0.54). In the 128 children in whom we measured 25(OH)D at 9 months of age, 25(OH)D was not associated with risk of IA (n = 30 IA-positive children) (adjusted HR 1.02; 95% CI 0.96, 1.07; p = 0.58). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Neither vitamin D intake nor 25(OH)D levels throughout childhood were associated with the risk of IA or progression to type 1 diabetes in our population. 
The present 4-week study on growing Wistar rats was aimed at assessing the potential advantages of dietary supplementation with apple pomace containing both fibre and polyphenols, which enables nutritional exploitation of the physiological traits of both compounds. A total of twenty-four rats, assigned to the control (C), group fed with a diet supplemented with 14% of processed apple pomace (A) and group fed with a diet supplemented with 15% unprocessed apple pomace (AP) groups, were fed the following iso-fibrous diets: control, ethanol-extracted and unprocessed apple pomaces (low and high level of dietary polyphenols, i.e. 0·002 and 0·018%, respectively). To measure the animal response, parameters describing the caecal fermentation, antioxidative status and lipoprotein profile of rats were assessed. Both dietary apple pomaces were found to significantly (P≤0·05) decrease caecal pH and ammonia concentration, microbial β-glucuronidase activity as well as to increase caecal SCFA concentration in comparison to the control diet. The unprocessed pomace did not suppress caecal fermentation. Unlike the extracted one, the dietary apple pomace rich in polyphenols significantly (P≤0·05 v. C group) increased erythrocyte superoxide dismutase activity and serum antioxidant capacity of lipid-soluble substances and significantly (P≤0·05 v. C group) decreased amounts of thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances in liver tissue. Moreover, the 4-week administration of the AP diet to rats evoked a significant decrease in serum glucose concentration (P≤0·05 v. C and A groups). In conclusion, the results demonstrated that the polyphenol-rich fibre complexes from apple pomace exerted positive effects on gastrointestinal physiology and antioxidant status of rats.
In order to explore the associations between trace elements in dietary intake and the other three biological media (blood, urine, or feces) and inter-element interactions among the latter, we simultaneously collected 72-h diet duplicates, whole blood, and 72-h urine and feces from 120 free-living healthy males in China. Correlations among the toxic (cadmium [Cd], lead [Pb]), and nutritionally essential (zinc [Zn], copper [Cu], iron [Fe], manganese [Mn], selenium [Se], iodine [I]) elements were evaluated using Spearman rank correlation analysis based on analytical data determined by inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry. Dietary Cd intakes were highly correlated with the fecal Cd and blood Cd levels. Inverse correlations were found for Fe-Cd and Fe-Pb in both diet versus blood and diet versus feces. Cd-Zn and Cd-Se were significantly directly correlated in the urine and feces. Cd-Se and Pb-Se were negatively correlated in blood. In addition, there existed an extremely significant association between urinary Se and urinary I. Moreover, the other two highly direct correlations were found for Se-Fe and for I-Fe in urine. Improved knowledge regarding their mutual associations is considered to be of fundamental importance to understand more the complex interrelationships in trace element metabolism.
AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Low-grade inflammation and endothelial dysfunction may play a role in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. We evaluated whether a diet high in fatty fish, bilberries and wholegrain products (Healthy Diet) improves biomarkers reflecting inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in individuals with impaired glucose metabolism. METHODS: We recruited individuals with impaired glucose metabolism and features of the metabolic syndrome into a 12 week, parallel design, dietary intervention trial conducted at the Department of Clinical Nutrition, University of Eastern Finland (Kuopio, Finland). Randomisation was performed by matching according to sex and medians of age, BMI and fasting plasma glucose of the study population at screening. The primary endpoint in the present study was the change in plasma inflammatory markers and the measurements were performed blinded to group assignment. High-sensitivity (hs) C-reactive protein (CRP) and E-selectin responses were also analysed separately in participants not using statins (n = 76). RESULTS: Altogether, 131 individuals were assigned to either the Healthy Diet (n = 44), a whole-grain-enriched diet (WGED) (n = 42) or a control (n = 45) diet, and 104 participants (mean ± SD: age 59 ± 7 years; BMI 31.1 ± 3.5 kg/m(2)) who had completed the study, were analysed (Healthy Diet n = 36, WGED n = 34 and control diet n = 34). Plasma E-selectin decreased only in the Healthy Diet group. This occurred in all group participants (p < 0.05) and also after excluding participants using statins (p < 0.05). Plasma hsCRP levels decreased in the Healthy Diet (median -17%, p < 0.05) and WGED (median -27%, p < 0.01) groups in participants not using statins. Controlling for confounding factors, including BMI or insulin sensitivity, did not alter the results. A greater increase in plasma concentration of very-long-chain n-3 fatty acids and in the intake of fibre during the study was associated with a greater decrease in plasma E-selectin (p < 0.05). The intake of test breads consumed during the Healthy Diet and WGED interventions was inversely associated with the change in hsCRP levels (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Our results suggest that the combined effect of fatty fish, bilberries and wholegrain products may improve endothelial dysfunction and inflammation in overweight and obese individuals at high risk of developing diabetes. 
The aim of the present cross-sectional study was to assess the potential relationships between fruit and vegetable (FV) consumption and some oxidative stress markers in young adults, with particular emphasis on fibre and vitamin C intake. The study enrolled 246 healthy subjects (eighty-eight men and 158 women), with a mean age of 22 (sd 3) years and a mean BMI of 21·9 (sd 2·8) kg/m2. Dietary intake, anthropometry, blood pressure, lifestyle features and blood biochemical data were assessed with validated procedures. Those subjects in the highest tertile (T) of FV consumption ( ≥ 705 g/d) had statistically lower oxidised LDL (ox-LDL) concentrations as well as higher plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC) and glutathione peroxidase (GPx) activity (P for trend <0·05), after adjusting for sex, age, energy intake, physical activity, smoking, BMI, vitamin supplement use and other confounding factors. Moreover, plasma ox-LDL concentrations showed a decreasing trend and TAC an increasing trend across tertiles of fibre (T3: ≥14 g/d) and vitamin C (T3: ≥150 mg/d) from FV intake, while GPx activity was positively associated with vitamin C intake (P for trend < 0·05). In conclusion, greater FV consumption was independently associated with reduced ox-LDL as well as increased TAC and GPx activity in healthy young adults, with dietary fibre and vitamin C from FV clearly being implicated in this beneficial relationship.
Frequent sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) intake has been consistently associated with increased adiposity and cardio-metabolic risk, whereas the association with diet beverages is more mixed. We examined how these beverages associate with regional abdominal adiposity measures, specifically visceral adipose tissue (VAT). In a cross-sectional analysis of 791 non-Hispanic white men and women aged 18-70 we examined how beverage consumption habits obtained from a food frequency questionnaire associate with overall and abdominal adiposity measures from MRI. With increasing frequency of SSB intake, we observed increases in waist circumference (WC) and the proportion of visceral to subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (VAT%), with no change in total body fat (TBF%) or BMI. Greater frequency of diet beverage intake was associated with greater WC, BMI, and TBF%, but was not associated with variation in visceral adiposity We conclude that increased frequency of SSB consumption is associated with a more adverse abdominal adipose tissue deposition pattern.
Polyphenols have beneficial effects on several chronic diseases but assessing polyphenols intake from self-reported dietary questionnaires tends to be inaccurate and not very reliable. A promising alternative is to use urinary excretion of polyphenols as a proxy measure of intake. The best method to assess urinary excretion is to collect 24-h urine. However, since collecting 24-h urine method is expensive, time consuming and may be difficult to implement in large population-based studies, measures obtained from spot urine normalized by creatinine are commonly used. The purpose of the study was to evaluate the correlation between polyphenols dietary intake and total urinary polyphenol excretion (TPE), expressed by both 24-h volume and urinary creatinine normalization in 928 participants from the InCHIANTI study. Dietary intake data were collected using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Urinary TPE was analyzed by Folin-Ciocalteau assay. Both urinary TPE expression models were statistically correlated (r=0.580), and the partial correlation coefficient improved (pr=0.722) after adjusting for the variables that modify the urinary creatinine excretion (i.e. gender, age, BMI, physical activity and renal function). In crude models, polyphenol intake was associated with TPE corrected by 24-h volume (r=0.211; P<0.001), but not with creatinine normalization (r=0.014; P=0.692). However, urinary TPE expressed by creatinine correction was significantly correlated with dietary polyphenols after adjusting for covariates (pr=0.113; P=0.002). We conclude that urinary TPE expressed by 24-h volume is a better biomarker of polyphenol dietary intake than by urinary creatinine normalization. After covariate adjustment, both can be used for studying the relationships between polyphenol intake and health in large-scale epidemiological studies.
BACKGROUND: The study aimed to evaluate the diagnostic sensitivity (SE) and specificity (SP) of chronic alcohol misuse diagnosis by comparing traditional biomarkers with ethyl glucuronide (EtG), an ethanol direct metabolite, detected in the keratinic matrix. METHODS: Seventy-six subjects tested for chronic alcohol abuse for different purposes were recruited. EtG was detected in hair, whereas the analyses of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT), alanine transaminase, aspartate transaminase, gamma-glutamyl transferase, mean corpuscular volume, and mean corpuscular hemoglobin were performed in serum samples. RESULTS: Of the 76 patients examined, 26 were judged by the medical doctors as subjects with alcohol abuse problems and, therefore, not eligible for driving license renewal or liver transplant. EtG in hair (SE = 0.68, SP = 1.00) showed the best diagnostic SE and SP compared with the other biomarkers investigated. Among the traditional biomarkers, only CDT proved to be suitable for forensic purposes because of the high diagnostic specificity (SP = 1.00) although it showed poor diagnostic SE (0.27). The percentage of positive samples decreased for all the biomarkers by excluding the subjects with hepatic diseases, except for EtG and CDT, suggesting that these 2 biomarkers could be less affected by false positive results, because of hepatic diseases. CONCLUSIONS: This study showed that when EtG in hair and CDT results are combined, diagnostic SE in chronic alcohol abuse diagnosis clearly improved, suggesting that complementary analysis of both these biomarkers provides the best diagnostic tool in suspected cases of chronic excessive alcohol consumption. 
BACKGROUND: Determinants of vitamin B-12, folate, iron, and vitamin A concentrations in young children in rural south Asia are poorly understood. These micronutrients are crucial for the production of hemoglobin and have other important physiologic functions. OBJECTIVE: We sought to develop explanatory models for concentrations of vitamin B-12, folate, ferritin, and retinol binding protein (RBP) in children aged between 1 and 2 y in rural Karnataka, India. DESIGN: We performed a cross-sectional study in 12-23-mo-old toddlers who lived in 2 rural districts of Karnataka, India. For each child, data concerning dietary, food-security, and sociodemographic and maternal factors were obtained, and serum vitamin B-12, folate, ferritin, and RBP were measured. Multiple regression and structural equation modeling were applied to determine associations with micronutrient concentrations. RESULTS: Of 396 sampled children, 254 children (65.6%) had at least one micronutrient deficiency. With the use of multiple regression, continued breastfeeding was independently associated with the concentration of each micronutrient [(log) vitamin B-12: standardized coefficient of -0.30 (P < 0.001); folate: standardized coefficient of +0.20 (P < 0.001); (log) ferritin: standardized coefficient of -0.18 (P = 0.004); (log) RBP: standardized coefficient of-0.21 (P < 0.001)]. Children who continued to breastfeed received less nutrition from complementary foods and belonged to poorer families with higher food insecurity. A structural equation model for children's vitamin B-12 concentrations was developed that highlighted the interrelation between wealth, continued breastfeeding, complementary diet, and vitamin B-12 concentrations in children. CONCLUSIONS: Micronutrient deficiencies are common in this population. Rural Indian children between 1 and 2 y of age who continue to breastfeed should be especially targeted during micronutrient-supplementation programs. This trial was registered in the Australian and New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry as ACTRN12611000596909. 
Using 24-hour dietary recall data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999 to 2006, the possible link between fruit and vegetable intake and chronic disease risk was assessed. C-reactive protein (CRP), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), total cholesterol, and glycosylated hemoglobin were selected as biomarkers for chronic disease risk. It is hypothesized that individuals who consume more fruits and vegetables will have reduced chronic disease risk because of the healthful benefits of these foods. The objective of this study was to examine the relationship between fruit and vegetable consumption on selected biomarkers for chronic disease risk. Although some associations were significant for FPG, HDL-C, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in some of the models, no trend was present. After adjusting for demographic factors, socioeconomic factors, lifestyle factors, body mass index, total energy intake, and the presence of at least 1 of our 5 predetermined comorbidities, no associations of reduced or increased risk were observed in any quartiles of combined fruit and vegetable intake. Fruit and vegetable intakes were weakly associated with an increased HDL-C level and decreased FPG, glycosylated hemoglobin, and C-reactive protein levels in some of the models; however, no association was observed in the final model. Because selected biomarkers of future disease risk remained in reference ranges at both high and low intake and no significance was observed in the final model, no protective association was observed between fruit and vegetable intake and biomarkers for chronic disease risk. However, fruit and vegetable consumption is recommended as part of an overall healthy diet and to displace other energy-dense foods for weight maintenance, which can lead to a decrease in future disease risk.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) predisposes to an increased production of free radicals and a probable reduction in plasma antioxidants, including vitamin E. This cross-sectional study investigated the relationship between plasma alpha-Tocopherol concentration and vitamin E intake in 58 Brazilians with DM2. Plasma alpha-Tocopherol was determined by high-performance liquid chromatography. The intake of vitamin E-rich foods was assessed by a food frequency questionnaire. Total cholesterol and fractions were measured by colorimetric enzymatic methods. Data on demographic and socioeconomic factors, life habits, and anthropometry were obtained by a questionnaire and physical examination. The association between plasma alpha-Tocopherol and vitamin E intake was assessed by multiple linear regression analysis. The following variables were included in the regression model: alpha-Tocopherol, vitamin E intake, total cholesterol and fractions, body mass index, waist circumference, gender, age, education, occupation, income, smoking, alcohol intake, and blood pressure. There was no association between alpha-Tocopherol and vitamin E intake, but there were significant associations between alpha-Tocopherol and total cholesterol (p < 0.001) and waist circumference (p = 0.003). There were 36.2 % diabetics with low alpha-Tocopherol concentrations (< 12 µmol/L) and 32.7 % with a low alpha-Tocopherol/total cholesterol ratio (< 2.2). Further large, epidemiological, longitudinal studies, including measurements of gamma-tocopherol in blood, should be conducted to confirm our results.
OBJECTIVE: Nutrition-related health problems such as obesity are frequent among children and adolescents of Turkish descent living in Germany, yet data on their dietary habits are scarce. One reason might be the lack of validated assessment tools for this target group. We therefore aimed to validate protein and K intakes from one 24 h recall against levels estimated from one 24 h urine sample in children and adolescents of Turkish descent living in Germany. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analyses comprised estimation of mean differences, Pearson correlation coefficients, cross-classifications and Bland-Altman plots to assess the agreement between the nutritional intake estimated from a single 24 h recall and a single 24 h urine sample collected on the previous day. SETTING: Dortmund, Germany. SUBJECTS: Data from forty-three study participants (aged 5-18 years; 26% overweight) with a traditional Turkish background were included. RESULTS: The 24 h recall significantly overestimated mean protein and K intake by 10·7 g/d (95% CI of mean difference: 0·6, 20·7 g/d) and 344 mg/d (95% CI 8, 680 mg/d), respectively. Correlations between intake estimates were r = 0·25 (P = 0·1) and 0·31 (P = 0·05). Both methods classified 70% and 69% of the participants into the same/adjacent quartile of protein and K intake and misclassified 7% and 7%, respectively, into the opposite quartile. Bland-Altman plots indicated a wide scattering of differences in both protein and K intake. CONCLUSIONS: Among children and adolescents of traditional Turkish descent living in Germany, one 24 h recall may only be valid for categorizing subjects into high, medium or low consumers. 
There is considerable evidence that consuming fish has numerous health benefits, including a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. However, fish is also the primary source of human exposure to mercury (Hg). In a cross-sectional study of 9-11 year old children (N=100), we measured fish consumption, blood lipids, total blood Hg, diurnal salivary cortisol (4 samples collected throughout the day), and performed a proteomic analysis of serum proteins using spectral count shotgun proteomics. Children who consumed fish had a significantly more atheroprotective lipid profile but higher levels of blood Hg relative to children that did not consume fish. Although the levels of blood Hg were very low in these children (M=0.77 μg/L; all but 1 participant had levels below 3.27 μg/L), increasing blood Hg was significantly associated with blunted diurnal cortisol levels. Blood Hg was also significantly associated with acute-phase proteins suggesting systemic inflammation, and several of these proteins were found to significantly reduce the association between Hg and diminished cortisol when included in the model. This study of a pediatric population is the first to document an association between blood Hg, systemic inflammation, and endocrine disruption in humans. Without a better understanding of the long-term consequences of an atheroprotective lipid profile relative to blunted diurnal cortisol and systemic inflammation, a determination of the risk-benefit ratio for fish consumption by children is not possible.
PURPOSE: The effect of polyphenol-rich cloudy apple juice (CloA) consumption on plasma parameters related to the obesity phenotype and potential effects of interactions between CloA and allelic variants in obesity candidate genes were assessed in obese men. METHODS: In this controlled, randomized, and parallel study, n = 68, non-smoking, non-diabetic men with a BMI ≥27 kg/m(2) received 750 mL/day CloA (802.5 mg polyphenols) or 750 mL/day control beverage (CB, isocaloric equivalent to CloA) for 4 weeks. Further, study participants were genotyped for single-nucleotide polymorphisms in PPARγ (rs1801282), UCP3 (rs1800849), IL-6 (rs1800795), FABP2 (rs1799883), INSIG2 (rs7566605), and PGC1 (rs8192678) genes. At the beginning and at the end of intervention plasma lipids, distinct adipokines and cytokines as well as anthropometric parameters were determined. RESULTS: CloA compared to CB had no significant effect on plasma lipids, plasma adipokine and cytokine levels, BMI, and waist circumference. However, CloA consumption significantly reduced percent body fat compared to CB (∆ % body fat: CloA: -1.0 ± 1.3 vs. CB: -0.2 ± 0.9, p < 0.05). The IL-6-174 G/C polymorphism showed an interaction with body fat reduction induced by CloA. Solely in C/C, but not in G/C or G/G variants, a significant reduction in body fat after 4 weeks of CloA intervention was detectable. CONCLUSION: The observed diet-gene interaction might be a first indication for the impact of individual genetic background on CloA-mediated bioactivity on obesity-associated comorbidities. 
BACKGROUND: Ochratoxin A (OTA) is a mycotoxin present in food that can be found in human blood, due to its long half-life. Plasma OTA detection represents a good parameter for evaluating the exposure at the population level. PURPOSE: The relation between plasma OTA levels, dietary habits, and specific disease risk biomarkers (body mass index (BMI), C-reactive protein (CRP), and cardiovascular risk score) was investigated. METHODS: The study involved 327 subjects (150 men and 177 women) aged between 38 and 48 years. Food consumption was evaluated by means of the EPIC questionnaire; plasma OTA was measured by HPLC; CRP was determined in fresh serum samples by a latex particle-enhanced immunoturbidimetric assay. RESULTS: OTA was detected in 99.1% of plasma samples (LOD 25 ng/L); the mean ± SD value was 0.229 ± 0.238 ng/mL. However, only 5.2% of samples exceeded 500 ng/L, considered the threshold for a possible pathogenic activity. The estimated mean daily dietary intake of OTA resulted 0.452 ± 0.468 ng/kg body weight (bw)/day, markedly lower than the tolerable daily intake set by EFSA (17.1 ng/kg bw/day). Processed and mutton/lamb meat were found to contribute most to plasma OTA variance. Nevertheless, cereals, wine, beer, and jam/honey consumption correlated positively with OTA levels. Plasma OTA showed a significant positive association with CRP and cardiovascular risk score (β = 0.20 ± 0.08; P = 0.015 and β = 0.25 ± 0.08; P = 0.001, respectively); however, the association was present in men but not in women. CONCLUSIONS: Even if the hypothesis of a possible hepatic toxicity of OTA in humans is yet to be verified, the positive association between plasma OTA and CRP may indicate a possible role of OTA in inflammation status and consequently in the genesis of cardiovascular diseases and cancer. 
Elaidic acid is the main unnatural trans fatty acid isomer occurring during partial hydrogenation of vegetable oils used as ingredients for the formulation of processed foods. The main objective is to assess associations between processed food intakes and plasma phospholipid elaidic acid concentrations within the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition study. A cross-sectional study was used to determine fatty acid profiles in 3,003 subjects from 16 centers. Single 24-h dietary recalls (24-HDR) were collected using a standardized computerized interview program. Food intakes were computed according to their degree of processing (moderately/nonprocessed foods, processed staple foods, highly processed foods). Adjusted ecological and individual correlations were calculated between processed food intakes and plasma elaidic acid levels. At the population level, mean intakes of highly processed foods were strongly correlated with mean levels of plasma elaidic acid in men (P = 0.0016) and in women (P = 0.0012). At the individual level, these associations remained but at a much lower level in men (r = 0.08, P = 0.006) and in women (r = 0.09, P = 0.0001). The use of an averaged 24-HDR measure of highly processed food intakes is adequate for predicting mean levels of plasma elaidic acid among European populations.
Fatty acid concentrations in blood are potential biomarkers of dietary fat intake, but methodological studies among children are scarce. The large number of fatty acids and their complex interrelationships pose a special challenge in research on fatty acids. Our target was to assess the interrelationships between the total fatty acid profiles in diet and serum of young children. The study subjects were healthy control children from the birth cohort of the Type 1 Diabetes Prediction and Prevention Study. A 3-day food record and a frozen serum sample were available from 135 children at the age of 1 year, from 133 at 2 years, and from 92 at 3 years. The relationship between dietary and serum fatty acid profiles was analysed using canonical correlation analysis. The consumption of fatty milk correlated positively with serum fatty acids, pentadecanoic acid, palmitic acid and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) at all ages. Correlations between dietary and serum eicosapentaenoic and/or docosahexaenoic acid were observed at 2 and 3 years of age. Serum linoleic acid was positively associated with the consumption of infant formula at the age of 1 year, and with the consumption of vegetable margarine at 2 and 3 years. The results indicate a high quality of the 3-day food records kept by parents and other caretakers of the children, and suitability of non-fasting, un-fractioned serum samples for total fatty acid analyses. The correlation between intake of milk fat and serum proportion of CLA is a novel finding.
Polyphenol rich diets have been associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. We examined the effect of a polyphenol rich (P-R) drink on biomarkers assessed by urinary proteomics. Thirty nine middle aged and overweight subjects were randomized to P-R drink (n = 20) or placebo (n = 19) in addition to their normal diet. After two weeks urine samples were obtained for assessment of the urinary proteome using capillary electrophoresis coupled to a mass spectrometer. A total of 93 polypeptides were found to be candidates for differential distribution with a nominal p-value <0.05, though these differences did not reach significance when multiple testing was accounted for. Sequences were determined in 19 of these demonstrating that they originate from alpha-1 antitrypsin, collagens, fibrinogen alpha and IgG kappa. Levels of 27 polypeptides were greater than 4-fold different between the two groups. Of these, 7 were previously found to be part of a coronary artery disease (CAD) specific urinary biomarker pattern. Their direction of expression was closer to the healthy state in the P-R drink group and closer to CAD state in the placebo group. Our data suggest that the P-R drink may have beneficial effects on urinary biomarkers of CAD. The data encourage the planning of future prospective studies, aimed at investigating significant effects of polyphenol rich dietary products.
The objective is to determine the association between the 24 hour urinary α-tocopherol catabolite, 2,5,7,8-tetramethyl-2(2'-carboxyethyl)-6-hydroxychroman (α-CEHC) and α-tocopherol intake in an intervention and a cross-sectional studies. In the 4-weeks intervention study, Japanese men (n = 10) consumed the test diet in week 1, and the test diet plus varying amounts of α-tocopherol in the three subsequent weeks: 21 μmol/d α-tocopherol in week 2, 63 μmol/d in week 3, and 125 μmol/d in week 4. A significant association between α-tocopherol intake and urinary α-CEHC was observed in this strictly controlled experiment (r = 0.99, p<0.001). In the cross-sectional study, all foods consumed over 4 consecutive days were recorded in 76 free-living young subjects (18-33 years). The association was weak, but a significant relationship was observed (r = 0.29, p<0.05) even in the cross-sectional study. In the cross-sectional study adults, mean estimated α-tocopherol intake calculated by urinary α-CEHC and the excretory ratio was 91% of their mean intake over the 4 days. The results show that urinary α-CEHC level reflected recent α-tocopherol intake in free-living young Japanese adults, and could be used as a measure of intake during the previous few days, both for group means and for individual rankings within a group.
BACKGROUND: Soluble urokinase plasminogen activator receptor (suPAR) is a highly sensitive marker that reflects increased inflammation and is positively correlated with pro-inflammatory biomarkers. The aim of this study was to explore the relationship between suPAR, cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and incidence of CVD. METHODS: suPAR was assessed in a random sample of participants (N=569), aged 63-68 years (mean age 65.5), from the Malmö Diet and Cancer Study (MDCS) cardiovascular cohort. Baseline examination was conducted between 1991 and 1994. suPAR in blood was analysed using a commercially available assay (suPARnostic). Cox regression analysis was used to investigate the incidence of CVD (coronary events or ischemic stroke), in relation to sex-specific tertiles of suPAR. RESULTS: Significantly higher plasma levels of suPAR was found in women, smokers, diabetics and older subjects. suPAR was significantly positively correlated with markers of systemic inflammation (i.e., high sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) and white blood cells (WBC), but not to lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA(2)), a specific vascular inflammatory biomarker.87 subjects had a CVD event during follow-up (mean 14.1 years). In an age/sex-adjusted model, the hazard ratio (HR) for incident CVD was 2.53 (95%CI: 1.44-4.46) for the top compared to the bottom tertile of suPAR. This association remained significant after further adjustment for smoking, low density lipoprotein (LDL), systolic blood pressure, use of anti-hypertensive medication, diabetes, hsCRP, WBC and Lp-PLA(2) (HR: 2.25; 1.07-4.72). CONCLUSION: Elevated levels of suPAR are, independently of established cardiovascular risk factors, associated with an increased incidence of CVD in elderly subjects. 
Ethanol is known to improve tremor in a proportion of patients with essential tremor. Increased incidence of alcoholism has been suspected in essential tremor patients; however, no objective evaluation has been performed using laboratory markers to date. Data on alcohol intake in the last 30 days were acquired in 95 essential tremor patients and 35 healthy controls. Blood and urine markers related to alcohol metabolism and liver function were evaluated. Self-reported alcohol intake and biomarker levels were higher in essential tremor, but the difference was only significant for carbohydrate-deficient transferrin. None of the subjects presented with laboratory parameters reflecting chronic alcohol abuse. Our data do not reflect a higher incidence of alcoholism in patients with essential tremor. Their alcohol intake is well controlled and does not exceed the limits of healthy social drinking.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: In studies performed in mice, rose hip powder has been shown to both prevent and reverse high-fat diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance as well as reduce plasma levels of cholesterol. The aim of this study was to investigate whether daily intake of rose hip powder over 6 weeks exerts beneficial metabolic effects in obese individuals. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 31 obese individuals with normal or impaired glucose tolerance were enrolled in a randomized, double-blind, cross-over study in which metabolic effects of daily intake of a rose hip powder drink over 6 weeks was compared with a control drink. Body weight, glucose tolerance, blood pressure, blood lipids and markers of inflammation were assessed in the subjects. RESULTS: In comparison with the control drink, 6 weeks of daily consumption of the rose hip drink resulted in a significant reduction of systolic blood pressure (-3.4%; P=0.021), total plasma cholesterol (-4.9%; P=0.0018), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (-6.0%; P=0.012) and LDL/HDL ratio (-6.5%; P=0.041). The Reynolds risk assessment score for cardiovascular disease was decreased in the rose hip group compared with the control group (-17%; P=0.007). Body weight, diastolic blood pressure, glucose tolerance, and plasma levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, incretins and markers of inflammation did not differ between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Daily consumption of 40 g of rose hip powder for 6 weeks can significantly reduce cardiovascular risk in obese people through lowering of systolic blood pressure and plasma cholesterol levels. 
Implementation of zinc interventions for subjects suspected of being zinc-deficient is a global need, but is limited due to the absence of reliable biomarkers. To discover molecular signatures of human zinc deficiency, a combination of transcriptome, cytokine, and microRNA analyses was applied to a dietary zinc depletion/repletion protocol with young male human subjects. Concomitant with a decrease in serum zinc concentration, changes in buccal and blood gene transcripts related to zinc homeostasis occurred with zinc depletion. Microarray analyses of whole blood RNA revealed zinc-responsive genes, particularly, those associated with cell cycle regulation and immunity. Responses of potential signature genes of dietary zinc depletion were further assessed by quantitative real-time PCR. The diagnostic properties of specific serum microRNAs for dietary zinc deficiency were identified by acute responses to zinc depletion, which were reversible by subsequent zinc repletion. Depression of immune-stimulated TNFα secretion by blood cells was observed after low zinc consumption and may serve as a functional biomarker. Our findings introduce numerous novel candidate biomarkers for dietary zinc status assessment using a variety of contemporary technologies and which identify changes that occur prior to or with greater sensitivity than the serum zinc concentration which represents the current zinc status assessment marker. In addition, the results of gene network analysis reveal potential clinical outcomes attributable to suboptimal zinc intake including immune function defects and predisposition to cancer. These demonstrate through a controlled depletion/repletion dietary protocol that the illusive zinc biomarker(s) can be identified and applied to assessment and intervention strategies.
The anticarcinogenic potential of vitamin D might be mediated by not only calcium metabolism but also other mechanisms initiated by vitamin D receptor (VDR). The authors measured plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D in healthy volunteer examinees who underwent total colonoscopy in Tokyo, Japan, 2004-2005, and evaluated its influence on colorectal adenoma, both alone and in interaction with VDR polymorphisms, which correspond to the FokI and TaqI restriction sites. The main analysis of plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D included 737 cases and 703 controls. Compared with the lowest quintile of plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D, only the highest was related to a significantly decreased odds ratio of colorectal adenoma (odds ratio = 0.64, 95% confidence interval: 0.45, 0.92). In contrast, all but the lowest quintile of dietary calcium intake presented similarly reduced odds ratios (odds ratio for the highest = 0.67, 95% confidence interval: 0.47, 0.95). Of note, the association between plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels and colorectal adenoma was modified by the TaqI polymorphism of the VDR gene (P(interaction) = 0.03) but not by dietary calcium intake (P(interaction) = 0.93). These observations highlight the importance of vitamin D in colorectal tumorigenesis. Vitamin D might protect against colorectal neoplasia, mainly through mechanisms other than the indirect mechanism via calcium metabolism.
BACKGROUND: High-abundance plasma proteins are involved in disease-associated pathways and are useful in the diagnosis of nutritional and disease states. However, little is known about how concentrations of many plasma proteins vary between individuals from different ethnocultural groups with different dietary habits. OBJECTIVE: We explored the association between plasma proteomic groups, dietary patterns, and ethnicity in the Toronto Nutrigenomics and Health Study, an ethnically diverse population of healthy young adults. DESIGN: Concentrations of 54 high-abundance plasma proteins were measured simultaneously by liquid chromatography/multiple-reaction monitoring-mass spectrometry in 1090 individuals. Principal components analysis was used to identify plasma proteomic groups. Linear regression was used to investigate relations between proteomic groups and previously identified dietary patterns (Western, prudent, Eastern). Differences in individual protein concentrations between ethnocultural groups were tested by using general linear models. RESULTS: Four independent principal components representative of proteomic groups were identified. Principal components 1 and 2 included proteins from multiple pathways. Component 3 was inflammatory, and component 4 included coagulation cascade proteins. East Asians and South Asians had lower component 1 scores, and East Asians had higher component 2 scores. South Asians had higher average scores for component 3. Individual protein concentrations also varied across ethnocultural groups. Principal component 1 was positively associated with the Western dietary pattern and inversely associated with the Eastern pattern. Component 3 was positively associated with the Eastern pattern. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma proteomic groups differ between young adults of diverse ethnocultural groups with different dietary habits. These differences may partly account for different rates of cardiometabolic disease later in life. 
The consumption of foods containing trans fatty acids (TFA), especially those produced by food industries, induces pleiotropic negative effects on health. Therefore, it is important to assess the amount of TFA consumed, especially in age groups more exposed to the consumption of TFA-containing foods. The present pilot study evaluates TFA intake in 54 young people with and without type 1 diabetes (29 young subjects with type 1 diabetes and 25 healthy subjects) through both dietary records (7-day food record) and the measurement of TFA levels in serum phospholipids, a possibly more objective marker of TFA intake. The comparison between the two groups was made by the student t test for independent samples. The intake of synthetic TFA was low in both groups (type 1 diabetic patients: 0.25 ± 0.25 g/day; healthy subjects 0.48 ± 0.37 g/day), but significantly lower in diabetic patients vs controls (P < 0.05); TFA levels in serum phospholipids also confirmed a low intake of these fatty acids. These data indicate that the intake of trans fatty acids is relatively low in our population, i.e.,<1% of total calories in the diet, in line with what recommended by the World Health Organization.
Weaning rats were fed a niacin-free 20% casein diet. Twenty-four-h-urine samples were collected, and nicotinamide and its catabolites were measured. A correlation was found between the urinary excretory ratio of nicotinamide catabolites (N(1)-methyl-2-pyridone-5-carboxamide + N(1)-methyl-4-pyridone-3-carboxamide)/N(1)-methylnicotinamide and the tryptophan-nicotinamide conversion ratio during growing period of the rats. This indicates the possibility that the conversion ratio can be deduced from the excretory ratio.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between antioxidant biomarkers and food intake in elderly women. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Recreation Center for the Elderly in the city of Itajaí, Santa Catarina, Brazil. PARTICIPANTS: 73 elderly women with an average age of 71 years, 93% caucasian, average body weight 68.7 ± 13.1 kg and average BMI 28.5 ± 2.3 kg/m². MEASUREMENTS: Nutritional status was assessed based on the Body Mass Index (BMI). Data on food intake were obtained by applying the 24h diet recall method in three non-consecutive days, including Sunday. The assessment of antioxidant biomarkers was performed based on tests for total plasma thiols and phenolic compounds. The linear regression analysis was used to assess the effect of the consumption of food groups on antioxidant biomarkers. RESULTS: A positive association was found between thiols and intake of carotenoid-rich vegetables (p=0.03), oils, fats and oilseeds (p=0.03); a negative association was observed between total concentrations of phenolic compounds and intake of cereals (p=0.04). CONCLUSION: The intake of foods from the carotenoid-rich vegetables, oils, fats and oilseeds food groups increased the levels of plasma thiols, and the intake of foods from the group of cereals decreased the plasma concentration of phenols. Studies should be conducted to investigate the association between the intake of antioxidant-rich foods and the plasma antioxidant profile, as a way to protect against the aging process. 
Compared with diets high in fat, low-fat diets are associated with reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. We hypothesized that a low-fat (LF) (20% fat) and an LF high-omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid diet (LFn3) (23% fat with 3% as α-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]) would enhance n-3 composition of plasma phospholipid fatty acid and reduce urinary prostaglandin E(2) (PGE(2)) relative to a high-fat diet (HF) (40% fat) and that these changes would be associated with alterations in δ5 desaturase (D5D) and δ6 desaturase (D6D) activity. Phospholipid fatty acids and urinary PGE(2) were measured, and D5D and D6D activity indices calculated in a crossover trial in 17 postmenopausal women fed each of 3 test diets (HF, LF, and LFn3) for 8-week feeding periods. Desaturase activity indices were calculated as D5D, 20:4n-6/20:3n-6, and D6D, 20:3n-6/18:2n-6. Plasma phospholipid fatty acid, α-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), DHA, and total n-3 fatty acids increased, whereas linoleic acid and arachidonic acid decreased with consumption of LFn3. The LF resulted in enhanced arachidonic acid and DHA. High fat reduced D6D, whereas both HF and LF increased D5D. Urinary PGE(2) was reduced in response to both the LF and LFn3 diets. Low-fat diets, with or without long-chain n-3 fatty acids, promote positive health effects due in part to favorable alteration of plasma phospholipid fatty acid profiles and modification in desaturase activity indices, suggesting that the type and amount of fat consumed are modifiable risk factors for the prevention of cardiovascular disease.
OBJECTIVE: To develop a psychometrically valid questionnaire for testing knowledge on micronutrients and to assess the relationship between knowledge and biomarkers of micronutrient status among adolescents. DESIGN: Cross-sectional, institution-based, validity and reliability study. SETTING: Seven higher secondary schools were covered in the limits of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation, Hyderabad, India. SUBJECTS: Students aged 15-19 years, n 92 for the pre-test, n 108 for test-retest and n 109 for studying the relationship between knowledge and biomarkers of Fe, retinol, ascorbic acid, α-tocopherol, folic acid and vitamin B12 status. RESULTS: From an item pool of 106, thirty-one items were selected based on content validity. Statistical tools to obtain a valid and reliable questionnaire among adolescent boys and girls resulted in eighteen items with a difficulty index of 0·11-0·86, discrimination index of 0·20-0·72 and validity index (point bi-serial correlation) of 0·10-0·62. Reliability as measured by Cronbach's α was 0·71 and the intra-class correlation coefficient was 0·80. A Bland-Altman plot showed good agreement between test and retest scores. The mean response score to the eighteen-item questionnaire was 5·2 (sd 2·68). The mean values of serum retinol were significantly different (P = 0·022) between groups below (24·8 (sd 6·64) μg/dl) and above (28·0 (sd 7·67) μg/dl) the 50th percentile of knowledge score. The relationship persisted after controlling for economic status as a covariate using analysis of covariance (P = 0·018). Other micronutrients did not show any significant relationship. CONCLUSIONS: A valid and reliable eighteen-item knowledge questionnaire was constructed and found to have a significant positive relationship with plasma retinol status alone. 
PURPOSE: Controversial and contradictory data on the association between alcohol consumption and lower urinary tract symptoms are currently available in the literature. In this study we determined the association between alcohol consumption and lower urinary tract symptoms, including voiding and storage symptoms, in a large general screening population. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 30,196 men 30 years old or older participating in a comprehensive health evaluation at the Seoul National University Hospital Healthcare System Gangnam Center. Men with a history of prostate related medical problems such as prostate cancer, prostate surgery or prostatitis were excluded from study. Using the International Prostate Symptom Score, lower urinary tract symptoms were defined as a score of 8 or greater, indicating moderate to severe symptoms. We used logistic regression analysis to determine the association between alcohol consumption and lower urinary tract symptoms. RESULTS: After adjustment for eligible covariates, graphing of the association between alcohol consumption and the risk of moderate to severe lower urinary tract symptoms showed a J-shaped curve. Compared with nondrinkers, the odds ratios of moderate to severe lower urinary tract symptoms were 0.91 (95% CI 0.84-0.98) in men who drank 0 to 10 gm daily and 1.19 (95% CI 1.07-1.33) in those who drank 40 or more gm daily. This is a cross-sectional study with data from self-reported alcohol consumption and, therefore, the reported amounts of alcohol consumption might be underestimated. CONCLUSIONS: To the best of our knowledge this is the largest population based study to evaluate the relationship between alcohol consumption and moderate to severe lower urinary tract symptoms, including voiding and storage symptoms. In men alcohol consumption shows a J-shaped curve relationship with the risk of moderate to severe lower urinary tract symptoms. 
The prevention of increased bone remodeling in postmenopausal women at low 10-y risk of osteoporotic fractures essentially relies on reinforcement of environmental factors known to positively influence bone health, among which nutrition plays an important role. In institutionalized women in their mid-eighties, we previously found that consumption of fortified soft plain cheese increased vitamin D, calcium, and protein intakes, reduced bone resorption biochemical markers, particularly the serum bone specific acid phosphatase tartrate resistant acid phosphatase, isoform 5b (TRAP 5b) that reflects osteoclast activity, and stimulated the serum bone anabolic factor insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I). Whether these effects occur in much younger women was tested in a prospective control study. Seventy-one healthy postmenopausal women aged 56.6 ± 3.9 y (mean ± SD) with low spontaneous supply of both Ca and vitamin D were randomized to consume daily (treated, n = 36) or not (controls, n = 35) two servings (2 × 100 g) of skimmed-milk, soft plain cheese for 6 wk. The vitamin D and Ca-fortified dairy product provided daily: 661 kJ, 2.5 μg vitamin D, 400 mg calcium, and 13.8 g protein. At the end of the intervention, the decrease in TRAP 5b and the increase in IGF-I were greater in the treated than in the control group (P < 0.02). The changes in serum carboxy terminal crosslinked telopeptide of type I collagen did not differ significantly between the two groups. In conclusion, like in elderly women, consumption by healthy postmenopausal women of a vitamin D and calcium-fortified dairy product that also increases the protein intake, reduces the serum concentration of the bone resorption biomarker TRAP 5b. This response, combined with the increase in serum IGF-I, is compatible with a nutrition-induced reduction in postmenopausal bone loss rate.
OBJECTIVE: Endogenous sex hormones have been implicated in the etiology of breast cancer. Dietary factors such as fat, dietary fiber, soy isoflavones, and alcohol have been suggested to influence endogenous estrogen and other steroid hormone levels. We examined the relationship among these dietary factors and plasma sex hormone levels in premenopausal Japanese women. METHODS: We measured the plasma concentrations of estradiol, estrone, testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, sex hormone-binding globulin, a follicle-stimulating hormone, a luteinizing hormone, and prolactin among 393 premenopausal women who had regular menstrual cycles fewer than 40 days apart. The dietary intakes were estimated with a validated food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: After controlling for age, BMI, phase of the menstrual cycle, number of births, age at first birth, history of breastfeeding, and smoking status, the saturated fat intake was significantly positively associated with total estradiol and free estradiol levels. Intakes of the other types of fat, dietary fiber, soy isoflavones, and alcohol were not significantly associated with levels of any hormone measured. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that a high intake of saturated fat is associated with increased estradiol levels in premenopausal Japanese women. Saturated fat intake may have implications in the etiology of breast cancer. 
BACKGROUND: Several parameters are associated with high bone mineral density (BMD), such as overweight, black background, intense physical activity (PA), greater calcium intake and some medications. The objectives are to evaluate the prevalence and the main aspects associated with high BMD in healthy women. METHODS: After reviewing the database of approximately 21,500 BMD scans performed in the metropolitan area of São Paulo, Brazil, from June 2005 to October 2010, high BMD (over 1400 g/cm² at lumbar spine and/or above 1200 g/cm² at femoral neck) was found in 421 exams. Exclusion criteria were age below 30 or above 60 years, black ethnicity, pregnant or obese women, disease and/or medications known to interfere with bone metabolism. A total of 40 women with high BMD were included and matched with 40 healthy women with normal BMD, paired to weight, age, skin color and menopausal status. Medical history, food intake and PA were assessed through validated questionnaires. Body composition was evaluated through a GE-Lunar DPX MD + bone densitometer. Radiography of the thoracic and lumbar spine was carried out to exclude degenerative alterations or fractures. Biochemical parameters included both lipid and hormonal profiles, along with mineral and bone metabolism. Statistical analysis included parametric and nonparametric tests and linear regression models. P < 0.05 was considered significant. RESULTS: The mean age was 50.9 (8.3) years. There was no significant difference between groups in relation to PA, smoking, intake of calcium and vitamin D, as well as laboratory tests, except serum C-telopeptide of type I collagen (s-CTX), which was lower in the high BMD group (p = 0.04). In the final model of multivariate regression, a lower fat intake and body fatness as well a better profile of LDL-cholesterol predicted almost 35% of high BMD in women. (adjusted R2 = 0.347; p < 0.001). In addition, greater amounts of lean mass and higher IGF-1 serum concentrations played a protective role, regardless age and weight. CONCLUSION: Our results demonstrate the potential deleterious effect of lipid metabolism-related components, including fat intake and body fatness and worse lipid profile, on bone mass and metabolism in healthy women. 
BACKGROUND: Sugar-sweetened beverage consumption is associated with weight gain and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Few studies have tested for a relationship with coronary heart disease (CHD) or intermediate biomarkers. The role of artificially sweetened beverages is also unclear. METHODS AND RESULTS: We performed an analysis of the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study, a prospective cohort study including 42 883 men. Associations of cumulatively averaged sugar-sweetened (eg, sodas) and artificially sweetened (eg, diet sodas) beverage intake with incident fatal and nonfatal CHD (myocardial infarction) were examined with proportional hazard models. There were 3683 CHD cases over 22 years of follow-up. Participants in the top quartile of sugar-sweetened beverage intake had a 20% higher relative risk of CHD than those in the bottom quartile (relative risk=1.20; 95% confidence interval, 1.09-1.33; P for trend <0.01) after adjustment for age, smoking, physical activity, alcohol, multivitamins, family history, diet quality, energy intake, body mass index, pre-enrollment weight change, and dieting. Artificially sweetened beverage consumption was not significantly associated with CHD (multivariate relative risk=1.02; 95% confidence interval, 0.93-1.12; P for trend=0.28). Adjustment for self-reported high cholesterol, high triglycerides, high blood pressure, and diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus slightly attenuated these associations. Intake of sugar-sweetened but not artificially sweetened beverages was significantly associated with increased plasma triglycerides, C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, and tumor necrosis factor receptors 1 and 2 and decreased high-density lipoprotein, lipoprotein(a), and leptin (P<0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages was associated with increased risk of CHD and some adverse changes in lipids, inflammatory factors, and leptin. Artificially sweetened beverage intake was not associated with CHD risk or biomarkers. 
Effect of dietary tryptophan (TRP) on copper toxicity was investigated in common carp, Cyprinus carpio. Fish were randomly distributed into two triplicate treatments (control and TRP) and fed control (TRP = 3.1 g kg(-1)) or TRP (TRP = 8.1 g kg(-1)) diets over a 2-week period. Then, both treatments were subjected to 10 mg l(-1) copper sulfate over a 7-day period. Mortality and serum cortisol, glucose, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), sodium, potassium, and chloride levels were recorded at 0, 24, 72, 120, and 168 h post-copper exposure. There was no mortality in the TRP group, whereas the control group mortality was started at 120 h post-copper exposure (21.7 ± 7.6 %) and reached 61.7 ± 10.4 % at the end of the experiment. Cortisol, glucose, ALT, and AST levels significantly (P < 0.05) increased after copper exposure in both groups; however, the control group showed significantly higher levels than the TRP group. In both groups, sodium decreased after copper exposure and did not return to the pre-exposure values. Potassium levels significantly increased 24 h post-copper exposure in both groups and remained significantly elevated in the control group at 72 h, when fell to the pre-exposure values in the TRP group. No significant changes were observed in the chloride levels in any groups. It is concluded that dietary TRP is capable to increase common carp tolerance to copper toxicity via mitigating copper-induced stress rather than restoring gill dysfunction and hydromineral imbalance.
BACKGROUND: No validated dietary questionnaire for assessing folate and vitamin B(12) intakes during pregnancy is available in Japan. We evaluated the validity and reproducibility of intakes of folate and vitamin B(12) estimated from a self-administered diet history questionnaire (DHQ) in Japanese pregnant women. METHODS: A sample of 167 healthy subjects with singleton pregnancies in the second trimester was recruited at a private obstetric hospital in metropolitan Tokyo from June to October 2008 (n = 76), and at a university hospital in Tokyo from June 2010 to June 2011 (n = 91). The dietary intakes of folate and vitamin B(12) were assessed using the DHQ. The serum concentrations of folate and vitamin B(12) were measured as reference values in the validation study. To assess the reproducibility of the results, 58 pregnant women completed the DHQ twice within 4-5 week interval. RESULTS: Significantly positive correlations were found between energy-adjusted intakes and serum concentrations of folate and vitamin B(12) (r = 0.286, p < 0.001 and r = 0.222, p = 0.004, respectively). After excluding the participants with nausea (n = 121), the correlation coefficient for vitamin B(12) increased to 0.313 (p = 0.001). When participants were classified into quintiles based on intakes and serum concentrations of folate and vitamin B(12), approximately 60% were classified in the same or adjacent quintile. The intraclass correlation coefficients of the two-time DHQ were 0.725 for folate and 0.512 for vitamin B(12). CONCLUSION: The present study indicated that the DHQ had acceptable validity and reproducibility for assessing folate and vitamin B(12) intakes in Japanese pregnant women. 
The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effects of ST (rosuvastatin) and GZ (rosiglitazone) on IR (insulin resistance) and on liver as well as adipose tissue in mice fed on an HF (high-fat) diet. Our data show that treatment with ST resulted in a marked improvement in insulin sensitivity characterized by enhanced glucose clearance during the insulin tolerance test and a 70% decrease in the HOMA-IR (homoeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance) index level (P=0.0008). The ST-treated mice exhibited lower gains in BM (body mass; -8%; P<0.01) and visceral fat pad thickness (-60%; P<0.01) compared with the untreated HF group. In comparison with HF-diet-fed mice, HF+ST-treated mice showed a significant reduction in hepatomegaly and liver steatosis (-6%, P<0.05; and -21%, P<0.01 respectively). In HF+ST-treated mice, the hepatic TAG (triacylglycerol) levels were reduced by 58% compared with the HF group (P<0.01). In addition, the expression of SREBP-1c (sterol-regulatory-element-binding protein-1c) was decreased by 50% in the livers of HF+ST-treated mice (P<0.01) relative to the HF-diet-fed mice. The levels of resistin were lower in the HF+ST-treated group compared with the HF group (44% less, P< 0.01). In conclusion, we demonstrated that ST treatment improved insulin sensitivity and decreased liver steatosis in mice fed on an HF diet. Furthermore, ST reduced BM gains, improved the circulating levels of plasma cholesterol and TAG, and reduced hepatic TAG, which was concomitant with lower resistin levels.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Dietary assessment in children is difficult, suggesting a need to develop more objective biomarkers of intake. Resonance Raman spectroscopy (RRS) is a non-invasive, validated method of measuring carotenoid status in skin as a biomarker of fruit/vegetable intake. The purpose of this study was to examine the feasibility of using RRS in preschool children, to describe inter-individual variability in skin carotenoid status and to identify factors associated with the biomarker in this population. SUBJECTS/METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional study of 381 economically disadvantaged preschoolers in urban centers in Connecticut (USA). In all, 85.5% were black non-Hispanic or Hispanic/Latino, and 14.1% were obese and 16.9% were overweight by age- and sex-specific body mass index (BMI) percentiles. Children had their skin carotenoid status assessed by RRS in the palm of the hand. Fruit/vegetable consumption was assessed by a brief parent/guardian-completed food frequency screener and a liking survey. RESULTS: We observed inter-individual variation in RRS values that was nearly normally distributed. In multiple regression analysis, higher carotenoid status, measured by RRS, was positively associated with fruit/vegetable consumption (P=0.02) and fruit/vegetable preference (P<0.01). Lower carotenoid status was observed among younger children, those participating in the US Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, and those with greater adiposity (P<0.05 for all). CONCLUSIONS: We observed wide variability in skin carotenoid status in a population of young children, as assessed by RRS. Parent-reported fruit/vegetable intake and several demographic factors were significantly associated with RRS-measured skin carotenoid status. We recommend further development of this biomarker in children, including evaluating response to controlled interventions. 
Two alkylresorcinol (AR) metabolites, 3, 5-dihydroxybenzoic acid (DHBA) and 3-(3,5-dihydroxyphenyl)-1-propanoic acid (DHPPA), in urine have been suggested as biomarkers of whole grain (WG) and cereal fiber intake but the long-term reproducibility and correlation with habitual intake has not been determined. Therefore, we evaluated the long-term reproducibility of AR metabolites in spot urine samples and investigated their correlation with habitual WG and cereal fiber intake in U.S. women. AR metabolites were analyzed in 104 women participating in the Nurses' Health Study II and WG and fiber intakes were assessed using a FFQ. Long-term reproducibility was assessed by calculating the intra-class correlation coefficients (ICC) using samples taken 1-3 y (mean 1.8 y) apart. The observed Spearman correlation coefficients (r(s)) and r(s) adjusted for within-participant variation in the biomarker were calculated between WG and fiber intake and biomarkers. The long-term reproducibility was poor for DHBA [ICC = 0.17 (95% CI: 0.05, 0.43)] and modest for DHPPA [ICC = 0.31 (95% CI: 0.17, 0.51)]. The correlation between WG intake in 1995 and DHPPA measured 2 y later was 0.37 (P < 0.0001); the adjusted correlation was 0.60 (95% CI: 0.37, 0.76). Cereal fiber and WG intake were similarly correlated to the biomarkers. DHPPA in spot urine samples reflected WG intake despite relatively low intake of food sources of AR. The poor to modest reproducibility may limit the use of single measurements of these biomarkers in cohort studies in the US, where WG intake is relatively low and has changed over time. But DHPPA in repeated samples may be useful for validating WG intake and assessing compliance in WG intervention studies.
CONTEXT: Systemic inflammation is thought to have a central role in diabetic long-term complications. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of vitamin D either with or without extra calcium on certain inflammatory biomarkers in the subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This was a double-blind, randomized, controlled trial conducted over 12 wk in 90 T2D subjects aged 30-60 yr from both sexes. INTERVENTION: Subjects were randomly allocated to one of three groups to receive two 250-ml bottles a day of plain Persian yogurt drink or doogh (PD, containing 150 mg calcium and no detectable vitamin D(3)/250 ml), vitamin D-fortified doogh (DD, containing 500 IU vitamin D(3) and 150 mg calcium/250 ml), or calcium + vitamin D(3)-fortified doogh (CDD, containing 500 IU vitamin D(3) and 250 mg calcium/250 ml). OUTCOME MEASURES: The changes in inflammatory markers were evaluated. RESULTS: Compared to the baseline values, highly sensitive C-reactive protein, IL-1β, IL-6, fibrinogen, and retinol binding protein-4 concentrations significantly decreased in both the DD and CDD groups. Although the decrement in highly sensitive C-reactive protein and fibrinogen was more in CDD compared to DD (-4.0 ± 8.5 vs. -1.3 ± 2.8 mg/liter, and -0.40 ± 0.74 and -0.20 ± 0.52 mg/liter, respectively), the differences were not significant. There was a significant increase in serum adiponectin in both the DD and CDD groups (51.3 ± 65.3 vs. 57.1 ± 33.8 μg/liter; P < 0.05). Mean adiponectin changes in CDD were significantly higher than in PD (P = 0.021). CONCLUSIONS: Daily intake of vitamin D-fortified doogh improved inflammatory markers in T2D subjects, and extra calcium conferred additional benefit only for the antiinflammatory adipokine, i.e. adiponectin. 
Polymorphisms of the FA desaturase (FADS) gene cluster have been associated with LDL, HDL, and triglyceride concentrations. Because FADS converts α-linolenic acid (ALA) and linoleic acid into PUFAs, we investigated the interaction between different PUFA intakes and the FADS polymorphism rs174547 (T>C) on fasting blood lipid and lipoprotein concentrations. We included 4,635 individuals (60% females, 45-68 years) from the Swedish population-based Malmö Diet and Cancer cohort. Dietary intakes were assessed by a modified diet history method including 7-day registration of cooked meals. The C-allele of rs174547 was associated with lower LDL concentration (P = 0.03). We observed significant interaction between rs174547 and long-chain ω-3 PUFA intakes on LDL (P = 0.01); the C-allele was only associated with lower LDL among individuals in the lowest tertile of long-chain ω-3 PUFA intakes (P < 0.001). In addition, significant interaction was observed between rs174547 and the ratio of ALA and linoleic FA intakes on HDL (P = 0.03). However, no significant associations between the C-allele and HDL were detected within the intake tertiles of the ratio. Our findings suggest that dietary intake levels of different PUFAs modify the associated effect of genetic variation in FADS on LDL and HDL.
School-based interventions are an effective way to treat childhood obesity. The purpose of the present study was to biologically validate an established school-based intervention designed to reduce standardised body mass index (zBMI) over a period of 12 months. This intervention focused on a subset of Mexican-American children who were participating in a larger clinical weight loss study. Plasma samples were analysed from self-identified Mexican-American children (12-14 years) who were randomised to either a school-based intervention (IN, n = 152) or self-help control (CN, n = 69). Treatment was 4 days week⁻¹ of exercise (45 min day⁻¹) and 1 day week⁻¹ of nutritional counselling for 6 months. Fasting (>8 h) blood samples were collected at baseline, 6 months (end of active intervention) and 12 months (6 months after the end of the active intervention). Plasma resistin, adiponectin and leptin concentration were measured using a multiplex assay. Separate linear mixed models and a P < 0.05 were used to test for significance. Significant group × time interactions were found for resistin (P < 0.0001), adiponectin (P = 0.001) and leptin (P = 0.013). For resistin, IN was 12% lower at 6 months than CN. Adiponectin concentration in IN was greater at 6 months (26%) and 12 months (8%) than CN. Leptin concentration was 22% lower for IN at 12 months than CN. We have previously reported that our school-based intervention reduced zBMI and now reported alterations in biologically relevant disease biomarkers. Some of the observed changes were only present at the end of the active intervention (resistin), while others persisted until 12 months (leptin and adiponectin). These changes underscore the effectiveness of our school-based intervention at not only improving zBMI but also at reducing disease risk.
The prevalence of diabetes and hyperinsulinemia increases with age, inducing metabolic failure and limiting lifespan. Calorie restriction (CR) without malnutrition delays the aging process, but its long-term application to humans seems difficult. Resveratrol (RSV), a dietary polyphenol, appears to be a promising CR mimetic that can be easily administered in humans. In this work, we hypothesized that both CR and RSV impact insulin sensitivity in a non-human primate compared to standard-fed control (CTL) animals. Four- to five-year-old male grey mouse lemurs (Microcebus murinus) were assigned to three dietary groups: a CTL group, a CR group receiving 30% fewer calories than the CTL and a RSV group receiving the CTL diet supplemented with RSV (200 mg·day(-1)·kg(-1)). Insulin sensitivity and glycemia were assessed using an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR index) evaluation after 21 or 33 months of chronic treatment. Resting metabolic rate was also measured to assess the potential relationships between this energy expenditure parameter and insulin sensitivity markers. No differences were found after a 21-month period of treatment, except for lower glucose levels 30 min after glucose loading in CR animals. After 33 months, CR and RSV decreased glycemia after the oral glucose loading without decreasing fasting blood insulin. A general effect of treatment was observed on the HOMA-IR index, with an 81% reduction in CR animals and 53% in RSV animals after 33 months of treatment compared to CTL. Chronic CR and dietary supplementation with RSV affected insulin sensitivity by improving the glucose tolerance of animals without disturbing their baseline insulin secretion. These results suggest that both CR and RSV have beneficial effects on metabolic alterations, although these effects are different in amplitude between the two anti-aging treatments and potentially rely on different metabolic changes.
OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was cultural adaptation, validation, and test for responsiveness of the short forms of the Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory (PFDI-20) and the Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire (PFIQ-7) in a Turkish population. STUDY DESIGN: To evaluate their validity, questionnaires were applied to 248 women. The questionnaires were compared with prolapse stage according to the Pelvic Organ Prolapse Quantification (POP-Q) system. The responsiveness of the questionnaires was assessed in 103 women with prolapse who also completed the questionnaires after reconstructive surgical treatment, with standardized response mean (SRM), effect size (ES), and the Wilcoxon signed-rank test. RESULTS: Cronbach alpha coefficients of the Turkish PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7 questionnaires were 0.908 and 0.830, respectively. Significant correlations were observed between the scores of the questionnaires with the vaginal examination findings. The PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7 scores were significantly improved after vaginal reconstructive surgery. CONCLUSIONS: Turkish translated versions of the PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7 are reliable, valid and responsive instruments for assessing symptom severity, impact on QoL in women with pelvic organ prolapse. They can be easily administered and self-completed by Turkish women. 
BACKGROUND/AIMS: Dietary pattern and genetic predisposition of each population have different impacts on lifestyle-related chronic diseases. This study was conducted to evaluate the association and interaction between dietary patterns and VEGFR2 or KDR gene polymorphisms on physical and biochemical risk factors of cardiovascular disease in two Asian populations (179 Chinese Malaysian and 136 Japanese adults). METHODS: Dietary patterns were constructed from food frequency questionnaire using factor analysis. Genotyping of rs1870377 and rs2071559 was performed by real-time PCR using TaqMan probes. Physical measurements: body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressures and biochemical parameters: glycated hemoglobin A1c and blood lipids (total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol and total cholesterol/HDL-C ratio) were measured. RESULTS: Two dietary patterns were extracted for: Japanese ('Japanese diet' and 'Western diet') and Chinese Malaysians ('Balanced diet'; and 'Meat, rice and noodles diet'). In Japanese, 'Western Diet' and rs2071559 were associated with LDL-C and HDL-C, respectively. In Chinese Malaysians, 'Meat, rice and noodles diet' was asso-ciated with triglycerides, HDL-C and total cholesterol/HDL ratio while rs1870377 and rs2071559 were associated with total cholesterol and/or LDL-C. The interaction between 'Western Diet' and rs2071559 in Japanese and 'Meat, rice and noodles diet' and rs1870377 in Malaysians had significant effects on blood lipids after adjusting for confounders. CONCLUSIONS: The association and interaction of dietary patterns and VEGFR2 gene polymorphisms on blood lipids differ between Chinese Malaysian and Japanese subjects by either decreasing or increasing the risk of cardiovascular disease. 
BACKGROUND: A linguistic validation of the Self-Assessment Goal Achievement (SAGA) questionnaire was conducted for 12 European languages, documenting that each translation adequately captures the concepts of the original English-language version of the questionnaire and is readily understood by subjects in the target population. METHODS: Native-speaking residents of the target countries who reported urinary problems/lower urinary tract problems were asked to review a translation of the SAGA questionnaire, which was harmonized among 12 languages: Danish, Dutch, English (UK), Finnish, French, German, Greek, Icelandic, Italian, Norwegian, Spanish, and Swedish. During a cognitive debriefing interview, participants were asked to identify any words that were difficult to understand and explain in their own words the meaning of each sentence in the questionnaire. The qualitative analysis was conducted by local linguistic validation teams (original translators, back translator, project manager, interviewer, and survey research expert). RESULTS: Translations of the SAGA questionnaire from English to 12 European languages were well understood by the participants with an overall comprehension rate across language of 98.9%. In addition, the translations retained the original meaning of the SAGA items and instructions. Comprehension difficulties were identified, and after review by the translation team, minor changes were made to 7 of the 12 translations to improve clarity and comprehension. CONCLUSIONS: Conceptual, semantic, and cultural equivalence of each translation of the SAGA questionnaire was achieved thus confirming linguistic validation. 
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the relationship between fish consumption and blood THg/MeHg concentration in Korean adults by measuring MeHg concentration in blood directly. The study subjects consisted of 400 adults aged 20 or older from 30 subareas in Busan, Ulsan and Gyeongsangnam-do province in Korea from August to October, 2010. We tried to recruit the same number of male and female participants in different age groups (20s, 30s, 40s, 50s and 60s) and allocated 13-16 subjects by district to represent Hg concentration in the research areas. The geometric means of THg and MeHg concentration in blood were 5.27 μg/L (5.00-5.57) and 4.05 μg/L (3.81-4.32), respectively. The proportion of MeHg/THg concentration was 78.53% (77.09-79.97). MeHg concentration was higher in coastal areas (4.26 μg/L) than in inland areas (3.52 μg/L) and was higher in men (4.68 μg/L) than in women (3.52 μg/L). In male participants, blood MeHg concentration increased with increasing annual fish consumption, and the proportion of MeHg/THg concentration showed an upward trend as THg concentration increased. However, none of the measures of the proportion of MeHg/THg showed significant differences. This is the first report in Korea about the relationship between blood MeHg concentration and related factors. Our findings suggest that MeHg concentration is affected by fish consumption as well as by gender difference and drinking status. Since the pathological mechanism has not been clarified, additional studies are needed for explaining the biological and lifestyle differences in the risk of adverse health effects by Hg exposure.
UNLABELLED: The aim of the study was to assess the hypothesis that obesity, blood pressure (BP), and dietary habits (adherence to the Mediterranean diet) are related to indices of arterial stiffness (AS) in childhood. Two hundred and seventy-seven children aged 12 years were measured with the R6.5 Pulsecor® monitor, which performs measurements using an upper arm BP cuff held at above systolic pressure for a short time. The augmentation index (AI) in the brachial artery, the peripheral pulse pressure to central pulse pressure (PPP/CPP) ratio, and the reflected wave transit time to height ratio were used as indices of AS. The degree of adherence to the Mediterranean diet was assessed by the KIDMED index which includes 16 questions on specific dietary habits. Forty-three percent of the children were overweight and obese. Overweight and obese children had significantly lower PPP/CPP and KIDMED score in comparison to children with normal body mass index (BMI). In multivariate regression models, indices of AS were related to mean peripheral BP, heart rate, and height, while BMI had an independent correlation to PPP/CPP. The KIDMED index also had a negative correlation with AI independently of obesity. CONCLUSION: Obesity and adherence to the Mediterranean diet patterns are factors related independently to indices of AS even in 12-year-old children. 
Altered levels of global DNA methylation and gene silencing through methylation of promoter regions can impact cancer risk, but little is known about their environmental determinants. We examined the association between lifestyle factors and levels of global genomic methylation and IL-6 promoter methylation in white blood cell DNA of 165 cancer-free subjects, 18-78 years old, enrolled in the COMIR (Commuting Mode and Inflammatory Response) study, New York, 2009-2010. Besides self-administrated questionnaires on diet and physical activity, we measured weight and height, white blood cell (WBC) counts, plasma levels of high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and genomic (LINE-1) and gene-specific methylation (IL-6) by pyrosequencing in peripheral blood WBC. Mean levels of LINE-1 and IL-6 promoter methylation were 78.2% and 57.1%, respectively. In multivariate linear regression models adjusting for age, gender, race/ethnicity, body mass index, diet, physical activity, WBC counts and CRP, only dietary folate intake from fortified foods was positively associated with LINE-1 methylation. Levels of IL-6 promoter methylation were not significantly correlated with age, gender, race/ethnicity, body mass index, physical activity or diet, including overall dietary patterns and individual food groups and nutrients. There were no apparent associations between levels of methylation and inflammation markers such as WBC counts and hs-CRP. Overall, among several lifestyle factors examined in association with DNA methylation, only dietary folate intake from fortification was associated with LINE-1 methylation. The long-term consequence of folate fortification on DNA methylation needs to be further evaluated in longitudinal settings.
Adherence to a Mediterranean diet (MD) is associated with a reduced risk of coronary heart disease. However, the molecular mechanisms involved are not fully understood. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of 2 MD with those of a low-fat-diet (LFD) on circulating inflammatory biomarkers related to atherogenesis. A total of 516 participants included in the Prevention with Mediterranean Diet Study were randomized into 3 intervention groups [MD supplemented with virgin olive oil (MD-VOO); MD supplemented with mixed nuts (MD-Nuts); and LFD]. At baseline and after 1 y, participants completed FFQ and adherence to MD questionnaires, and plasma concentrations of inflammatory markers including intercellular adhesion molecule-1(ICAM-1), IL-6, and 2 TNF receptors (TNFR60 and TNFR80) were measured by ELISA. At 1 y, the MD groups had lower plasma concentrations of IL-6, TNFR60, and TNFR80 (P < 0.05), whereas ICAM-1, TNFR60, and TNFR80 concentrations increased in the LFD group (P < 0.002). Due to between-group differences, participants in the 2 MD groups had lower plasma concentrations of ICAM-1, IL-6, TNFR60, and TNFR80 compared to those in the LFD group (P ≤ 0.028). When participants were categorized in tertiles of 1-y changes in the consumption of selected foods, those in the highest tertile of virgin olive oil (VOO) and vegetable consumption had a lower plasma TNFR60 concentration compared with those in tertile 1 (P < 0.02). Moreover, the only changes in consumption that were associated with 1-y changes in the geometric mean TNFR60 concentrations were those of VOO and vegetables (P = 0.01). This study suggests that a MD reduces TNFR concentrations in patients at high cardiovascular risk.
Indices of overall dietary patterns are used in epidemiologic research to examine the relationship between nutrition and health. The objective of this study was to develop and validate an interpretable summary measure of dietary intake of whole plant foods (WPF; whole grains, vegetables, whole fruit, legumes, nuts, seeds) because of their similar nutritional characteristics and health effects. Six candidate WPF measures were calculated using data from subjects (age ≥ 6 years) participating in the 1999-2000 and 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Measures differed by the inclusion or exclusion of potatoes and whether they were expressed as total intake or as a proportion of energy (4180 kJ) or mass (kg) consumed. Both standard and nontruncated (allowed to vary proportionally with intake) Healthy Eating Index-2005 (HEI-2005) scores were calculated. Regression analysis examined the associations between WPF and HEI-2005 measures, and between all diet measures and serum carotenoid concentration, serum lipids, fasting glucose, insulin, C-peptide, and C-reactive protein. Mean total WPF intake was 3.6 cup/oz equivalents, or 1.7 cup/oz equivalents per 4180 kJ and per kg. The largest R² between WPF and HEI-2005 measures was found for energy-adjusted WPF including potatoes and nontruncated HEI-2005 (R² = 0.50). All diet measures were positively related to serum carotenoids (P <.001) and were similarly related to health indicators (R² range from 0.003 to 0.16, P <.045 for regressions, indicating significant associations between WPF measures and health indicators). Whole plant food measures are interpretable indicators of dietary intake that are significantly related to nutrition and health biomarkers and may be of public health use.
Alcoholic liver cirrhosis (ALC) is a commonly accepted indication for liver transplantation (LT). Any alcohol consumption is considered a contraindication for LT. However, the assessment of abstinence in everyday practice mostly relies on patient self-reporting, which must be considered highly unreliable. After consumption, ethanol is eliminated by alcohol dehydrogenase, with methanol accumulating in the blood. Methanol, which is known to be a sensitive and specific indicator for recent alcohol consumption, has not been used for verifying alcohol consumption in LT assessments yet. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to test the feasibility of using methanol testing to identify recent alcohol consumption in LT candidates during routine and short-notice appointments. We compared methanol and ethanol measurements with self-reported alcohol consumption for 41 patients with ALC during the evaluation process before they were accepted onto the waiting list. In 32 of the 92 blood samples drawn from these 41 patients during the study, a relapse was detected by the methanol test. Both the ethanol test results and the self-reported data were positive in only 3 cases. Thus, the methanol test identified 29 additional cases of alcohol consumption. Furthermore, the methanol test discovered recent alcohol consumption in 5 of 10 transplant patients when both self-reported data and ethanol test results were negative. As a part of blood alcohol analysis, the methanol test is more sensitive than self-reporting and ethanol testing for the detection of recent alcohol consumption. Also, short-notice appointments for blood alcohol analysis reveal more cases of alcohol relapse than routine, long-term appointments. The measurement of methanol as a sensitive screening test for recent alcohol consumption should be implemented both in law and in daily, routine practice. Liver Transpl 18:1310-1315, 2012. © 2012 AASLD.
CONTEXT: The link between adolescent fiber consumption, inflammation, and body fat distribution has not been investigated. OBJECTIVE: This study investigated associations of dietary fiber intake with inflammatory-related biomarkers and robust measures of total and central adiposity in a sample of 559 adolescents aged 14-18 yr (49% female, 45% Black). METHODS: Fasting blood samples were measured for leptin, adiponectin, resistin, C-reactive protein, and fibrinogen. Diet was assessed with four to seven 24-h recalls, and physical activity was determined by accelerometry. Fat-free soft tissue mass and fat mass were measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Visceral adipose tissue was assessed using magnetic resonance imaging. RESULTS: Multiple linear regression, adjusting for age, race, Tanner stage, fat-free soft tissue mass, energy intake, and physical activity, revealed that dietary fiber intake was inversely associated with fat mass and serum leptin in males (all P < 0.03) but not in females. In both genders, dietary fiber intake was negatively associated with visceral adipose tissue, plasma C-reactive protein, and plasma fibrinogen and positively associated with plasma adiponectin (all P < 0.05). No relations were found between dietary fiber intake and plasma resistin in either males or females. CONCLUSION: Our adolescent data suggest that greater consumption of dietary fiber is associated with lower visceral adiposity and multiple biomarkers implicated in inflammation. 
Correctly assessing the metabolic status of subjects after consumption of specific diets is an important challenge for modern nutrition. Recently, metabolomics has been proposed as a powerful tool for exploring the complex relationship between nutrition and health. Nutritional metabolomics, through investigating the role that dietary components play in the maintenance of health and development of risk disease, aims to identify new biomarkers that allow the intake of these compounds to be monitored and related to their expected biological effects. This review offers an overview of the application of nutrimetabolomic strategies in the discovery of new biomarkers in human nutritional research, suggesting three main categories: (1) assessment of nutritional and dietary interventions; (2) diet exposure and food consumption monitoring; and (3) health phenotype and metabolic impact of diet. For this purpose, several examples of these applications will be used to provide evidence and to discuss the advantages and drawbacks of these nutrimetabolomic strategies.
BACKGROUND: High plasma copeptin (copeptin), the C-terminal fragment of arginine vasopressin pro-hormone, has been associated with the metabolic syndrome (MetS), diabetes mellitus (DM) development and nephropathy. Here we tested whether elevated copeptin level is associated with later development of the MetS, its individual components and microalbuminuria. METHODS: We analysed copeptin at baseline (1991-1994) in the population-based Malmö Diet and Cancer Study cardiovasular cohort and re-examined 2064 subjects 15.8 years later (mean age 72.8 years, 59% women) with oral glucose tolerance test and measurement of MetS and its individual components. RESULTS: After age and sex adjustment, increasing quartiles of copeptin at baseline (the lowest quartile as reference) were associated with MetS (P for trend=0.008), incident abdominal obesity (P for trend=0.002), DM (P for trend=0.001) and microalbuminuria (P for trend=0.002). After additional adjustment for all the MetS components at baseline, increasing copeptin quartiles predicted incident abdominal obesity (odds ratios 1.55, 1.30 and 1.59; P for trend=0.04), DM (odds ratios 1.18, 1.32 and 1.46; P for trend=0.04) and microalbuminuria (odds ratios 1.05, 1.08 and 1.65; P for trend=0.02) but not MetS (P for trend=0.19) at the reexamination. Further, the relationship between copeptin and microalbuminuria was independent of baseline C-reactive protein, incident DM and incident hypertension. CONCLUSION: Copeptin independently predicts DM and abdominal obesity but not the cluster of MetS. Apart from predicting DM and abdominal obesity, elevated copeptin signals increased risk of microalbuminuria. Interestingly, the association between copeptin and later microalbuminuria was independent of both prevalent and incident DM and hypertension. Our findings suggest a relationship between a dysregulated vasopressin system and cardiometabolic risk, which could have implications for risk assessment and novel preventive treatments. 
OBJECTIVES: Blood lead levels (BLLs) in the Korean adult population are about twofold higher than those in the US adult population, which may be related to nutrient intake. We examined which nutritional factors might be associated with decreased BLL. METHODS: This study was based on Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey data obtained over 3 years (2007-2009) using a rolling sampling design involving a complex, stratified, multistage, probability-cluster survey of a representative sample of the non-institutionalized civilian population of South Korea. RESULTS: A multiple regression analysis after controlling for covariates indicated that dietary fat and protein were significant opposite predictors of BLL in five different models; fat and protein intake had negative and positive associations with BLL, respectively. Covariates used in the analysis were sex, age, regional area, education level, smoking and drinking status, hypertension, use of antihypertensive drugs, diabetes, use of antidiabetic drugs, use of cholesterol-lowering drugs, hemoglobin level, and exposure to chemical substances during daily life. Intake levels of other nutrients, such as dietary fiber, carbohydrates, and calcium, did not show any significant effect on BLL. Gender was also an important predictor: BLL was significantly higher in men than women. However, total femur T-score, which represents bone mass, was unaffected by BLL. When calculating adjusted predicted marginal values of blood lead according to dietary fat percentage, BLL was lower by 5.3% and 8.0% in men when fat intake was increased from 10% to 20% and 25%, respectively. This effect of fat intake on BLL was minimal in women. CONCLUSION: The accumulation of body stores of lead from lead exposure may be reduced by increasing dietary fat consumption to 25% of energy intake, especially in men. However, this must be weighed against possible cardiovascular risks of higher fat diets. 
BACKGROUND: The Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) is the most commonly used method for ranking individuals based on long term food intake in large epidemiological studies. The validation of an FFQ for specific populations is essential as food consumption is culture dependent. The aim of this study was to develop a Semi-quantitative Food Frequency Questionnaire (SFFQ) and evaluate its validity and reproducibility in estimating nutrient intake in urban and rural areas of Argentina. METHODS/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: Overall, 256 participants in the Argentinean arm of the ongoing Prospective Urban and Rural Epidemiological study (PURE) were enrolled for development and validation of the SFFQ. One hundred individuals participated in the SFFQ development. The other 156 individuals completed the SFFQs on two occasions, four 24-hour Dietary Recalls (24DRs) in urban, and three 24DRs in rural areas during a one-year period. Correlation coefficients (r) and de-attenuated correlation coefficients between 24DRs and SFFQ were calculated for macro and micro-nutrients. The level of agreement between the two methods was evaluated using classification into same and extreme quartiles and the Bland-Altman method. The reproducibility of the SFFQ was assessed by Pearson correlation coefficients and Intra-class Correlation Coefficients (ICC). The SFFQ consists of 96 food items. In both urban and rural settings de-attenuated correlations exceeded 0.4 for most of the nutrients. The classification into the same and adjacent quartiles was more than 70% for urban and 60% for rural settings. The Pearson correlation between two SFFQs varied from 0.30-0.56 and 0.32-0.60 in urban and rural settings, respectively. CONCLUSION: Our results showed that this SFFQ had moderate relative validity and reproducibility for macro and micronutrients in relation to the comparison method and can be used to rank individuals based on habitual nutrient intake. 
Microbiological contamination of blood and blood products is a well-recognised transfusion risk. This study was performed in the blood bank of our oncology centre, with an objective to detect bacterial contamination in our blood products using oxygen consumption as a surrogate marker [Pall Enhanced Bacterial Detection System (eBDS)]. Results revealed that the percentages of failed units were 1.16% for random donor platelets (RDP), 0.81% for single donor platelets (SDP) and 2.94% for packed red blood cells (PRBCs), of which one RDP and one SDP grew coagulase-negative staphylococcus, while one PRBC culture grew Gram-positive bacilli.
Diets rich in omega-3 fatty acids and low in saturated fat were found beneficially associated with blood lipids and cardio-vascular health. Lean reindeer meet and local cold water white-fish species high in omega-3 are among the main sources of nutrients in the rural area of the Nenets Autonomous Okrug (NAO) in Russia and are not normally consumed by the urban population from the same region. The aims of the study were firstly, to compare serum lipid profiles of residents of urban (Arkhangelsk city) and rural (NAO) regions of Arkhangelsk County, and secondly, to investigate the effects of fish consumption on the predictor of cardiovascular events apolipoprotein (Apo) B/ApoA-I ratio in these populations.METHODS: A cross-sectional study conducted in Arkhangelsk County, Russia. Sample size of 249 adults: 132 subjects from Arkhangelsk city, aged 21-70 and 117 subject (87% Ethnic Nenets) from NAO, aged 18-69. RESULTS: We observed more favorable lipid levels in NAO compared to Arkhangelsk participants. Age-adjusted geometric means of ApoB/ApoA-I ratio were 1.02 and 0.98 in men and women from Arkhangelsk; 0.84 and 0.91 in men and women from NAO respectively. Age and consumption of animal fat were positively associated with ApoB/ApoA-I ratio in women (pooled samples from Arkhangelsk and NAO). Body mass index and low levels of physical activity were positively associated with ApoB/ApoA-I ratio in men (pooled samples from Arkhangelsk and NAO). Reported oily fish consumption was not significantly correlated with ApoB/ApoA-I ratio. CONCLUSION: The population sample from rural NAO, consisting largely of the indigenous Arctic population Nenets with healthier dietary sources, had a relatively less atherogenic lipid profile compared to the urban Arkhangelsk group. Fish consumption had no effect on apolipoproteins profile. 
Currently, research on athletes focuses on optimizing the nutritional status in order to adjust their minerals requirements. This study was designed to evaluate baseline nutritional status and the effect of a nutritional intervention based on magnesium (Mg) supplementation, on plasma and erythrocyte concentrations of Mg and zinc (Zn), and their relationship with training load. We analyzed training load by recording the training volume, intensity and rating of perceived exertion (RPE) during a four-month period, in 14 high-performance handball players. Intensity was studied in different levels of residual heart rate (RHR). We analyzed nutrient intake and plasma and erythrocyte concentrations of Mg and Zn by FAAS. All biomarkers were measured at baseline, after two months of dietary supplementation with Mg, and after two months without supplementation. RPE was associated with training volume at different intensities of RHR. Mg supplementation significantly increased plasma Mg levels during the supplemented period and preserved for subsequent changes in the non-supplemented period. Erythrocyte concentrations of Mg and Zn show associations between baseline and Mg supplementation. Mg levels were associated with training volume at different intensities after supplementation. In conclusion, our findings in high-performance handball players show that during competition, there is a relationship between erythrocyte Zn and Mg levels, regardless of Mg supplementation or Zn intake. Mg dietary supplementation tended to preserve changes in mineral levels during training and competition.
BACKGROUND: A high-sodium diet has little short-term effect on blood pressure in nonhypertensive individuals but, for unclear reasons, is associated with hypertension if consumed long term. We hypothesized that a chronically high sodium intake would be associated with increases in biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction, specifically serum uric acid (SUA) and urine albumin excretion (UAE), and that high sodium intake would be associated with incident hypertension among those with higher SUA and UAE. METHODS AND RESULTS: We prospectively analyzed the associations between sodium intake and the change in SUA (n=4062) and UAE (n=4146) among participants of the Prevention of Renal and Vascular End Stage Disease (PREVEND) study who were not taking antihypertensive medications. We also examined the association of sodium intake with the incidence of hypertension (n=5556) among nonhypertensive participants. After adjustment for confounders, each 1-g-higher sodium intake was associated with a 1.2-μmol/L increase in SUA (P=0.01) and a 4.6-mg/d increase in UAE (P<0.001). The relation between sodium intake and incident hypertension varied according to SUA and UAE. For each 1-g-higher sodium intake, the adjusted hazard ratio for developing hypertension was 0.98 (95% confidence interval, 0.89-1.08) among those in the lowest tertile of SUA and 1.09 (1.02-1.16) among those in the highest tertile. Corresponding hazard ratios were 0.99 (confidence interval, 0.93-1.06) among participants whose UAE was <10 mg/d and 1.18 (confidence interval, 1.07-1.29) among those whose UAE was >15 mg/d. CONCLUSIONS: Over time, higher sodium intake is associated with increases in SUA and UAE. Among individuals with higher SUA and urine UAE, a higher sodium intake is an independent risk factor for developing hypertension. 
AIMS: While serum gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) enzyme activity is a well established biomarker of excessive alcohol consumption and liver dysfunction, recent studies have also implicated it as a predictor of morbidity due to extrahepatic causes. Therefore, further information on the associations between ethanol intake and GGT activities in apparently healthy individuals appears warranted. METHODS: Data on alcohol consumption and serum GGT activities were collected from 18,899 individuals (8807 men, 10,092 women), mean age 48 years and range 25-74 years, who participated in a national cross-sectional health survey. Alcohol use was assessed by detailed questionnaires and the study population was subsequently divided into subgroups according to age and gender. Body mass index and smoking were used as covariates in all analyses. RESULTS: In men over 40 years, a reported regular consumption of 8 standard ethanol doses ('dose' = 12 g ethanol) or more per week was found to lead to a significant elevation in serum GGT activities, whereas those below 40 showed first significant changes not until the reported ethanol intake exceeded 14 doses per week. For women, the corresponding threshold levels were four and seven standard ethanol doses, respectively. CONCLUSION: The data pertaining to the present population sample indicate that rather low levels of reported regular ethanol consumption lead to elevated levels of GGT and that age over 40 markedly enhances the impact of alcohol consumption on GGT activity. The present findings should form the basis for defining safe levels of ethanol consumption and in recalibrating goals for normal limits in the clinical use of GGT measurements. 
BACKGROUND: Measurement errors in the dietary assessment of fruit and vegetable intake may attenuate associations with breast cancer risk and might explain the weak associations observed in epidemiologic studies. Carotenoid concentrations in blood are biomarkers of fruit and vegetable intake; however, no systematic assessment has compared dietary intake with blood concentrations of carotenoids and breast cancer risk. OBJECTIVE: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies of dietary intake and blood concentrations of carotenoids and breast cancer risk. DESIGN: We searched PubMed and several other databases for relevant studies up to 31 August 2011. Random-effects models were used to estimate summary estimates. RESULTS: Of the 6 dietary carotenoids assessed, only intake of β-carotene was significantly associated with a reduced breast cancer risk (summary RR: 0.95; 95% CI: 0.91, 0.99; I(2): 0%) per 5000 μg/d (n = 10). In contrast, the summary RR for blood concentrations of carotenoids was 0.78 (95% CI: 0.61, 0.99; I(2): 53%) per 100 μg total carotenoids/dL (n = 7), 0.74 (95% CI: 0.57, 0.97; I(2): 43%) per 50 μg β-carotene/dL (n = 13), 0.82 (95% CI: 0.73, 0.92, I(2): 3%) per 10 μg α-carotene/dL (n = 12), and 0.68 (95% CI: 0.52, 0.89; I(2): 0%) per 25 μg lutein/dL (n = 6). CONCLUSIONS: Blood concentrations of carotenoids are more strongly associated with reduced breast cancer risk than are carotenoids assessed by dietary questionnaires. Our results suggest that the use of certain biomarkers may clarify inconsistent and weak results between dietary intake and breast cancer risk. 
BACKGROUND: The preventive effect of resveratrol (RES) on the development of human diseases has been verified by numerous epidemiological studies. Resveratrol triphosphate (RTP) is a stable derivative of RES in which phosphate groups protect the phenolic groups. AIMS: This study compared the effect of RTP on biochemical and molecular markers of oxidative stress to equimolar doses (0.66 mmol) of RES and catechin-rich grape seed extract (CGSE) in a model of oxidative and metabolic stress associated with obesity in humans. METHODS: Thirty-two obese subjects (BMI between 30 and 40) were enrolled. They all received 1 capsule of placebo/day for 28 days before being randomly devised into three arms receiving 1 capsule/day of RES, CGSE, or RTP during the following consecutive 28 days. Blood samples were collected at baseline, after the end of placebo intake, and after the end of the investigational product intake. Biochemical parameters of oxidative stress and blood expression of 200 redox-related genes were determined at each time point. RESULTS: RTP and CGSE showed better antioxidant activities compared to RES and induced important modulations of gene expression. CONCLUSION: The results suggest that RTP and CGSE could contribute to a significant reduction of oxidative stress in obese subjects. 
Obesity characterized by increased mass of adipose tissue leads to systemic inflammation. Calorie restriction (CR) improves parameters associated with immune response and antioxidant defense. We hypothesized that CR with a high fat diet (HFCR) regulates local and systemic inflammation and oxidative stress damage in a high fat diet induced obesity (HF group). We investigated effect of HFCR on inflammation and oxidative stress-related markers in liver and adipose tissues as well as adipokines in plasma. HFCR lowered liver triglyceride levels, total cholesterol levels, and the plasma leptin/adiponectin ratio to normal levels and improved glucose tolerance. HFCR also improved fatty liver and normalized adipocyte size and morphology. HFCR reduced lipid peroxidation and decreased the expression levels of inducible nitric oxide synthetase, cyclooxygenase-2, NF-E2-related factor, and heme oxygenase-1 in the liver. Moreover, HFCR suppressed the expression levels of C- reactive protein and manganese superoxide dismutase in the adipose tissue in the HF group. These results suggest that HFCR may have beneficial effects on inflammation and oxidative stress as well as lipid profiles in the HF diet induced obesity. Moreover, HFCR may be a good way to increase compliance in obese patients and to prevent obesity induced complications without changes in dietary pattern.
Pb is released from bone stores during pregnancy, which constitutes a period of increased bone resorption. A high Na intake has been found to be negatively associated with Ca and adversely associated with bone metabolism. It is possible that a high Na intake during pregnancy increases the blood Pb concentration; however, no previous study has reported on the relationship between Na intake and blood Pb concentration. We thus have investigated this relationship between Na intake and blood Pb concentrations, and examined whether this relationship differs with Ca intake in pregnant Korean women. Blood Pb concentrations were analysed in 1090 pregnant women at mid-pregnancy. Dietary intakes during mid-pregnancy were estimated by a 24 h recall method covering the use of dietary supplements. Blood Pb concentrations in whole-blood samples were analysed using graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrophotometry. Multiple regression analysis performed after adjustment for covariates revealed that maternal Na intake was positively associated with blood Pb concentration during pregnancy, but only when Ca intake was below the estimated average requirement for pregnant Korean women (P= 0·001). The findings of the present study suggest that blood Pb concentration during pregnancy could be minimised by dietary recommendations that include decreased Na and increased Ca intakes.
OBJECTIVES: Obesity and hypertension are increasing in Papua New Guinea. This study investigated the association of dietary pattern and physical activity level with anthropometric measurements and blood pressure in migrant Bougainvilleans in the capital city of Port Moresby. METHODS: Adults who had moved from Naasioi territory on Bougainville Island and resided in Port Moresby during the study period were studied (n = 70). The International Physical Activity Questionnaire was used to evaluate physical activity, and dietary pattern was assessed by per week consumption frequency of food items. RESULTS: The least square regression analysis revealed that interindividual variation in body mass index and waist circumference was explained by variations in physical activity but not by dietary pattern. Blood pressure was not associated with physical activity level or dietary pattern. CONCLUSION: The individual variation in anthropometric measurements in urban Papua New Guinea is mainly influenced by physical activity level. 
This study analyzed and compared the content of isoflavones in 2 soy products, the effectiveness of isoflavones as antioxidants, in vitro, and demonstrated the antioxidant effect of a soy diet in rats with myocardial infarction (MI). Isoflavone content was analyzed in soybean hypocotyl (SH) and isolated soy protein (ISP). The quality (TAR) and quantity (TRAP) of antioxidants present in the samples was quantified. The amount of daidzin was higher in SH (9 times) and genistein in ISP (5 times). SH presented a 3-fold increase in TAR, while both products exhibited same TRAP. The rats were fed an ISP diet for 9 weeks. Animals were distributed among 6 treatment groups: (i) Sham Casein; (ii) Infarct Casein < 25%; (iii) Infarct Casein > 25%; (iv) Sham Soy; (v) Infarct Soy < 25%; and (vi) Infarct Soy > 25%. MI was induced 5 weeks after the commencement of the diets. Lipid peroxidation (LPO), antioxidant enzyme activity, and levels of nitrites/nitrates were determined in blood. Rats receiving the ISP diet demonstrated increased activity of antioxidant enzyme activity and nitrite/nitrate content. In addition, the increase in LPO seen in rats subjected to MI was significantly mitigated when the ISP diet was given. These findings suggest a nutritional approach of using a soy-based diet for the prevention of oxidative-stress-related diseases such as heart failure.
Oral consumption of freeze-dried black raspberries attenuated neoplastic changes in colorectal tissue markers of apoptosis, cell proliferation, and angiogenesis in colorectal cancer (CRC) patients. To determine whether plasma concentrations of interleukin (IL)-1β, IL-2, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, IL-12p70, granulocyte macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF), interferon-γ, and tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) were associated with berry treatment and changes in colorectal tissue markers of apoptosis, cell proliferation, and angiogenesis, plasma and biopsy samples of adenocarcinoma and adjacent normal-appearing colorectal tissue were collected before and during berry treatment from 24 CRC patients who had not received prior therapy and drank a slurry of black raspberry powder (20 g in 100 ml drinking water) 3 times a day for 1 to 9 wk. Plasma concentrations of GM-CSF (+0.12 ± 0.04 pg/mL; P = 0.01) and IL-8 (-1.61 ± 0.71 pg/mL; P = 0.04) changed in patients receiving berries for more than 10 days. These changes were correlated with beneficial changes in markers of proliferation (r(ΔGM-CSF, ΔKi67 carcinoma - normal) = -0.51) and apoptosis (r(ΔIL-8, ΔTUNEL carcinoma - normal) = -0.52) observed in colorectal tissue taken within the same week. Plasma concentrations of GM-CSF and IL-8 may serve as noninvasive indicators to monitor tissue response to berry-based interventions for CRC.
For the identification of human exposure to one of the most toxic compounds, which is methyl mercury (MeHg(+)), fingernail clippings were selected as the matrix of interest. Within this pilot study, six samples from different origins and from people with different food consumption patterns were chosen. Species-analysis of MeHg(+) was performed according to the following procedure: dissolution of the sample material in tetramethylammonium hydroxide (TMAH), derivatisation of MeHg(+) with sodium tetraethylborate (NaBEt(4)), extraction into iso-octane and measurement with gas chromatography hyphenated to inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (GC-ICPMS) for the quantification MeHg(+).
BACKGROUND: Apolipoprotein E (APOE) polymorphism is associated with lipid levels. Some studies have reported that blood lipid response to diet or obesity varies depending on APOE genotypes. The aim of this study was to assess the effect of APOE genotypes, the intake of saturated fatty acids (SFA), and obesity on serum lipid levels in Lithuanian adult population. METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: A cross-sectional health survey was carried out in five municipalities of Lithuania. The random sample was obtained from lists of 25-64 year-old inhabitants registered at primary health care centres. The data from 996 subjects (416 men and 580 women) were analysed in this study. Two single-nucleotide polymorphisms (rs429358 and rs7412) were assessed using a real-time polymerase chain reaction. 24-hour recall and food frequency questionnaire were used for evaluation of dietary habits. Serum lipids were determined using enzymatic methods. Men and women with the APOE2 genotype had the lowest level of total cholesterol (TC) (p = 0.002 for men, and p = 0.02 for women) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (p<0.001). Multivariate linear regression analysis showed that age, genotype APOE2, SFA intake, and body mass index (BMI) were significant determinants of TC and LDL-C level (with p values ranging from 0.043 to 0.001). Our data did not reveal any statistically significant interactions between APOE genotype and SFA intake or between APOE genotype and BMI regarding TC and LDL-C level (all p>0.05). However, the predictive power of the regression model for LDL-C improved when gene-BMI interaction and gene-BMI interaction plus gene-nutrient interaction were added (p = 0.04 and p = 0.032 for R(2) change, respectively). CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE: APOE genotypes, SFA intake, and obesity were found to be associated with blood lipid levels in Lithuanian adult population. Analysis of gene-diet and gene-obesity interactions did not confirm that the effects of diet and obesity on TC and LDL-C level significantly depended on APOE genotype. 
PURPOSE: To evaluate whether the prolonged consumption of flaxseed minimize the factors that trigger MS in healthy rats. METHODS: Pregnant rats were divided immediately after delivery into two groups during the lactation period, a control group (CG) receiving casein-based diet with 17% of protein, and a Flaxseed group (FG) with casein-based diet plus 25% of flaxseed. At weaning, 12 offspring of each group continued to receive the same feed but with 10% of protein up to 200 days old. RESULTS: FG showed a significant reduction in body weight (p=0.001), total cholesterol levels (p<0.0001), triglycerides (p=0.0001), and glucose (p=0.001). CONCLUSION: The flaxseed alters the indicators related to development of metabolic syndrome, because it has beneficial effects on lipids and glucose profiles and prevents the excess of body weight gain. 
The authors conducted a genome-wide linkage scan and positional association analysis to identify the genetic determinants of salt sensitivity of blood pressure (BP) in a large family-based, dietary-feeding study. The dietary intervention was conducted among 1,906 participants in rural China (2003-2005). A 7-day low-sodium intervention was followed by a 7-day high-sodium intervention. Salt sensitivity was defined as BP responses to low- and high-sodium interventions. Signals of the logarithm of the odds to the base 10 (LOD ≥ 3) were detected at 33-42 centimorgans of chromosome 2 (2p24.3-2p24.1), with a maximum LOD score of 3.33 for diastolic blood pressure responses to high-sodium intervention. LOD scores were 2.35-2.91 for mean arterial pressure (MAP) and 0.80-1.49 for systolic blood pressure responses in this region, respectively. Correcting for multiple tests, single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) rs11674786 (2.7 kilobases upstream of the family with sequence similarity 84, member A, gene (FAM84A)) in the linkage region was significantly associated with diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.0007) and MAP responses (P = 0.0007), and SNP rs16983422 (2.8 kilobases upstream of the visinin-like 1 gene (VSNL1)) was marginally associated with diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.005) and MAP responses (P = 0.005). An additive interaction between SNPs rs11674786 and rs16983422 was observed, with P = 7.00 × 10(-5) and P = 7.23 × 10(-5) for diastolic blood pressure and MAP responses, respectively. The authors concluded that genetic region 2p24.3-2p24.1 might harbor functional variants for the salt sensitivity of BP.
Arsenic is measurable in tobacco and cigarette mainstream smoke (MSS). Whether arsenic has an independent role in diseases associated with tobacco consumption is not known. Epidemiology and biomonitoring data and probabilistic risk assessment (PRA) methods were used to investigate this potential association. Analysis of data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) showed that urine arsenic concentrations in tobacco consumers were not different or were lower than levels in non-consumers of tobacco. Additionally, urine arsenic levels from NHANES tobacco consumers were five-times or more lower than levels reported in epidemiology studies to be associated with adverse health effects. Results of PRA indicated that mean non-cancer hazard estimates and mean incremental lifetime cancer risk estimates were within accepted ranges. Taken together, these results suggest that arsenic may not be independently associated with tobacco consumption or diseases related to tobacco consumption.
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: Acidic fruits are commonly cited in the lay press as potential bladder irritants that may promote urinary incontinence (UI), but no epidemiologic studies have examined this issue. We hypothesized that higher intake of acidic fruits might be related to greater risk of UI incidence and progression in women. METHODS: In one set of analyses, we included women without UI at study baseline in the Nurses' Health Studies (NHS), with 34,144 women aged 54-79 in NHS I and 31,024 women aged 37-54 in NHS II. These cohorts were established among women living in the USA. Incident UI was ascertained over 4 years of follow-up, and acidic fruit consumption was measured by food frequency questionnaire prior to UI onset. In a second set of analyses, we examined UI progression over 2 years of follow-up among 11,764 women in NHS I and 11,299 women in NHS II with existing UI. Multivariable-adjusted relative risks were calculated for the associations of acidic fruit intake and UI incidence and progression. RESULTS: We found no relation between acidic fruit intake and risk of developing UI, including urgency, mixed, and stress UI. In addition, there was no association between consumption of acidic fruits and UI progression, regardless of UI type. CONCLUSIONS: No associations were detected between acidic fruit intake and UI in this large, prospective study of women. These data have implications for the development of evidence-based dietary guidelines around acidic fruits and UI, particularly because acidic fruits likely have many health benefits. 
The majority of evidence suggests that n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, including linoleic acid (LA), reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease as reflected by current dietary recommendations. However, concern has been expressed that a high intake of dietary n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid contributes to excess chronic inflammation, primarily by prompting the synthesis of proinflammatory eicosanoids derived from arachidonic acid and/or inhibiting the synthesis of anti-inflammatory eicosanoids from eicosapentaenoic and/or docosahexaenoic acids. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials that permitted the assessment of dietary LA on biologic markers of chronic inflammation among healthy noninfant populations was conducted to examine this concern. A search of the English- and non-English-language literature using MEDLINE, the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, and EMBASE was conducted to identify relevant articles. Fifteen studies (eight parallel and seven crossover) met inclusion criteria. None of the studies reported significant findings for a wide variety of inflammatory markers, including C-reactive protein, fibrinogen, plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1, cytokines, soluble vascular adhesion molecules, or tumor necrosis factor-α. The only significant outcome measures reported for higher LA intakes were greater excretion of prostaglandin E2 and lower excretion of 2,3-dinor-thromboxane B(2) in one study and higher excretion of tetranorprostanedioic acid in another. However, the authors of those studies both observed that these effects were not an indication of increased inflammation. We conclude that virtually no evidence is available from randomized, controlled intervention studies among healthy, noninfant human beings to show that addition of LA to the diet increases the concentration of inflammatory markers.
Normative values and confidence intervals for the hydration indices of women do not exist. Also, few publications have precisely described the fluid types and volumes that women consume. This investigation computed seven numerical reference categories for widely used hydration biomarkers (eg, serum and urine osmolality) and the dietary fluid preferences of self-reported healthy, active women. Participants (n=32; age 20±1 years; body mass 59.6±8.5 kg; body mass index [calculated as kg/m(2)] 21.1±2.4) were counseled in the methods to record daily food and fluid intake on 2 consecutive days. To reduce day-to-day body water fluctuations, participants were tested only during the placebo phase of the oral contraceptive pill pack. Euhydration was represented by the following ranges: serum osmolality=293 to 294 mOsm/kg; mean 24-hour total fluid intake=2,109 to 2,506 mL/24 hours; mean 24-hour total beverage intake=1,300 to 1,831 mL/24 hours; urine volume=951 to 1,239 mL/24 hours; urine specific gravity=1.016 to 1.020; urine osmolality=549 to 705 mOsm/kg; and urine color=5. However, only 3% of women experienced a urine specific gravity <1.005, and only 6% exhibited a urine color of 1 or 2. Water (representing 45.3% and 47.9% of 24-hour total fluid intake), tea, milk, coffee, and fruit juice were consumed in largest volumes. In conclusion, these data provide objective normative values for hyperhydration, euhydration, and dehydration that can be used by registered dietitians and clinicians to counsel women about their hydration status.
To investigate whether cadmium has an independent role in diseases associated with tobacco consumption, epidemiology data were reviewed, biomonitoring data were analyzed, and probabilistic risk assessment (PRA) was performed. Results from previous epidemiology studies have indicated that there are adverse health effects potentially in common between cadmium exposure and tobacco consumption. Analysis of publically available biomonitoring data showed that blood (B-Cd) and urine (U-Cd) cadmium were higher in cigarette smokers compared with smokeless tobacco (SLT) consumers, and B-Cd and U-Cd in SLT consumers were not significantly different than in non-consumers of tobacco. Comparison with previously established biomonitoring equivalent (BE) values indicated that B-Cd and U-Cd in the majority of these cigarette smokers and SLT consumers did not exceed the blood and urine BEs. Results of the PRA showed that the mean hazard estimate was below a generally accepted regulatory threshold for SLT consumers, but not for cigarette smokers. In total, this evaluation indicated that cadmium exposures in tobacco consumers differed by product category consumed; cadmium in tobacco may not be associated with tobacco consumption related diseases; if cadmium in tobacco contributes to tobacco consumption related diseases, differences in hazard and/or risk may exist by product category.
Although evidence suggests that hair elements may reflect dietary habits and/or mineral intake, this topic remains controversial. This study therefore presents age-specific reference values for hair concentrations of Ca, Cu, Fe, Na, Mg, P and Zn using the LMS method of Cole, and investigates the relationship between dietary habits (i.e. food consumption frequencies) and hair mineral concentrations in 218 Belgian elementary school girls by reduced rank regression (RRR). Hair minerals were quantitatively determined via inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry after microwave-assisted acid digestion of 6-cm long vertex posterior hair samples. The Children's Eating Habits Questionnaire-Food Frequency Questionnaire was used to obtain information on food consumption frequency of 43 food items in the month preceding hair collection. The established reference ranges were in line with data for other childhood or adolescent populations. The retained RRR factors explained 40, 50, 45, 46, 44 and 48 % of the variation of Ca, Cu, Fe, Mg, P and Zn concentrations in hair, respectively. Although this study demonstrated that a large proportion of hair mineral variation may be influenced by food consumption frequencies in elementary school girls, a number of food groups known to be rich sources of minerals did not show a relation with certain hair minerals. Future research should focus on mechanisms and processes involved in mineral incorporation and accumulation in scalp hair, in order to fully understand the importance and influence of diet on hair minerals.
BACKGROUND: Although a high intake of some flavonoid subclasses may reduce cardiovascular disease mortality, data regarding the in vivo mechanisms of action are limited. OBJECTIVE: We examined associations between habitual flavonoid intakes and direct measures of arterial stiffness, central blood pressure, and atherosclerosis. DESIGN: In a cross-sectional study of 1898 women aged 18-75 y from the TwinsUK registry, intakes of total flavonoids and their subclasses (flavanones, anthocyanins, flavan-3-ols, polymers, flavonols, and flavones) were calculated from validated food-frequency questionnaires by using an updated and extended USDA database. Direct measures of arterial stiffness and atherosclerosis included central systolic blood pressure (cSBP), central diastolic blood pressure, mean arterial pressure (MAP), augmentation index, pulse wave velocity (PWV), and intima-media thickness. RESULTS: In multivariate analyses, a higher anthocyanin intake was associated with significantly lower cSBP (mean ± SE: -3.0 ± 1.4 mm Hg for quintile 5 compared with quintile 1; P-trend = 0.02), MAP (-2.3 ± 1.2 mm Hg for quintile 5 compared with quintile 1; P-trend = 0.04), and PWV (-0.4 ± 0.2 m/s for quintile 5 compared with quintile 1; P-trend = 0.04), whereas a higher flavone intake was associated with a lower PWV (-0.4 ± 0.2 m/s for quintile 5 compared with quintile 1; P-trend = 0.04). Although a higher wine and berry intake was associated with a lower PWV, no associations were observed for total and other flavonoid subclasses. CONCLUSIONS: These data, which include direct measures of arterial stiffness and thickness, suggest that higher intake of anthocyanins and flavones are inversely associated with lower arterial stiffness. The intakes of anthocyanins associated with these findings could be incorporated into the diet by the consumption of 1-2 portions of berries daily and are, therefore, relevant for public health strategies to reduce cardiovascular disease risk. 
Little is known about the impact of habitual fluid intake on physiology. Specifically, biomarkers of hydration status and body water regulation have not been adequately explored in adults who consume different fluid volumes in everyday conditions, without prolonged exercise or environmental exposure. The purpose of the present study was to compare adults with habitually different fluid intakes with respect to biomarkers implicated in the assessment of hydration status, the regulation of total body water and the risk of kidney pathologies. In the present cross-sectional study, seventy-one adults (thirty-two men, thirty-nine women, age 25–40 years) were classified according to daily fluid intake: thirty-nine low drinkers (LD; ≤ 1·2 litres/d) and thirty-two high drinkers (HD; 2–4 litres/d). During four consecutive days, urinary parameters (first morning urine (FMU) on day 1 and subsequent 24 h urine (24hU) collections), blood parameters, and food and beverage intake were assessed. ANOVA and non-parametric comparisons revealed significant differences between the LD and HD groups in 24hU volume (1·0 (se 0·1) v. 2·4 (se 0·1) litres), specific gravity (median 1·023 v. 1·010), osmolality (767 (se 27) v. 371 (se 33) mOsm/kg) and colour (3·1 (se 0·2) v. 1·8 (se 0·2)). Similarly, in the FMU, the LD group produced a smaller amount of more concentrated urine. Plasma cortisol, creatinine and arginine vasopressin concentrations were significantly higher among the LD. Plasma osmolality was similar between the groups, suggesting physiological adaptations to preserve plasma osmolality despite low fluid intake. The long-term impact of adaptations to preserve plasma osmolality must be examined, particularly in the context of renal health.
AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Moderate alcohol consumption is associated with a reduced risk of type 2 diabetes with a stronger effect in women. As the underlying mechanisms remain poorly characterised, we investigated its relationship with insulin resistance, insulin secretion, clearance of insulin and glucagon concentration. METHODS: One-thousand two-hundred and seventy-six non-diabetic individuals from the RISC (relationship between insulin sensitivity and cardiovascular disease) study without high alcohol consumption were studied; all had a euglycaemic-hyperinsulinaemic clamp and an OGTT with assessment of insulin sensitivity, secretion and clearance. RESULTS: Alcohol consumption was positively associated with insulin sensitivity in women (β = 0.15, p                   (                     trend                   ) = 0.005) and in men (β = 0.07, p                   (                     trend                   ) = 0.07) after controlling for age, centre, waist, smoking and physical activity. In women, this association persisted after adjustment for adiponectin but was attenuated after controlling for HDL-cholesterol, suggesting that part of the protection is related to a higher HDL-cholesterol concentration. Higher alcohol consumption was associated with lower basal insulin secretion in women only (β = -0.10, p                   (                     trend                   ) = 0.004) and this association persisted after adjustment for insulin sensitivity. In men, increasing alcohol consumption was associated with enhanced insulin clearance and increased fasting NEFA concentrations, independently of insulin sensitivity. Fasting glucagon decreased with increasing alcohol in women only (abstainers 9.2 ± 4.4; <28 g/week 8.6 ± 4.0; 28-64 g/week 8.1 ± 3.7; >64 g/week 7.5 ± 3.1 pmol/l; p                   (                     trend                   ) = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Light-to-moderate alcohol consumption was associated in healthy women with enhanced insulin sensitivity, reduced basal insulin secretion rate and lower fasting plasma glucagon concentration, providing consistent mechanisms for the reduced risk of diabetes. 
Our objective was to evaluate the effects of a moderate calorie and carbohydrate-restricted diet on cardiovascular risk indicators in overweight or obese patients with prediabetes. A clinical trial was conducted in which 86 subjects presenting with overweight or obesity and prediabetes received a personalized diet of 1,200 to 1,700 calories with a distribution of 50 % carbohydrates, 20 % proteins, and 30 % fat. Body weight, fat mass, and lean mass were measured through bioimpedance. Glucose, total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol and low density cholesterol, and triglycerides were measured. The measurements were taken at the beginning of, and at, 6 and 12 months during the intervention, and the differences were compared by paired Student's t and χ(2) tests. At 12 months, a significant reduction was noticed in body weight in patients with overweight and obesity (72.4 ± 7.8-69.6 ± 7.5 kg) (85.7 ± 14.8-80.2 ± 12.7 kg) with body mass index (28.2 ± 0.8-27.2 ± 2.1 kg/m(2)) (34.3 ± 3.5-32.1 ± 3.2 kg/m(2)), systolic (120.9 ± 14.2-112.4 ± 11.5 mmHg) (124.1 ± 11.9-115.7 ± 14.0 mmHg), diastolic blood pressures (79.0 ± 9.3-71.8 ± 8.3 mmHg) (80.4 ± 9.0-73.7 ± 13.1 mmHg), glucose (106.0 ± 8.9-95.9 ± 7.5 mg/dL) (107.3 ± 7.0-97.0 ± 8.2 mg/dL), and significant improvement on lipid profile (p < 0.05). The restrictions in the calorie and carbohydrate diet decrease the cardiovascular risk indicators in overweight or obese adults with prediabetes.
The presence of selected toxic heavy metals, such as cadmium (Cd), lead (Pb) and mercury (Hg), was investigated in fish and seafood products, namely, blue mussel, carpet shell clam, European squid, veined squid, deep-water rose shrimp, red mullet, European seabass, gilthead seabream, Atlantic cod, European hake, Atlantic bluefin tuna and swordfish so as to assess their human exposure through diet. Metals were detected by quadrupole inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (Q-ICP-MS) and hydride generation atomic absorption spectrometry (Hg-AAS). Measurements of Cd, Pb and Hg were performed by means of analytical methods validated in compliance with UNI CEI EN ISO/IEC 17025 [2005. General requirements for the competence of testing and calibration laboratories. Milano (Italy): UNI Ente Nazionale Italiano di Unificazione]. The exposure assessment was undertaken matching the levels of Cd, Pb and total Hg with consumption data related to fish and seafood products selected for this purpose. In order to establish human health implications, the estimated weekly intakes (EWIs) for Cd, Pb and Hg were compared with the standard tolerable weekly intakes (TWI) for Cd and provisional tolerable weekly intakes (PTWIs) for Pb and Hg stipulated by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) and the Food and Agriculture Organization/World Health Organization (FAO/WHO) Joint Expert Committee on Food Additives (JECFA). The found metal concentrations were largely below the maximum levels (MLs) established at the European Union level with the exception of Cd. This metal exceeded the MLs in squid, red mullet, European hake and Atlantic cod. Squid and blue mussel showed the highest Pb concentrations which accounted for 60% and 10% of the MLs, respectively. Highest Hg levels were found in predatory fish. The concentrations of Hg in swordfish, Atlantic bluefin tuna and red mullet accounted for 50%, 30% and 30% of the MLs, respectively. The EWIs for Cd, Pb and Hg related to the consumption of fish and seafood products by the median of the Italian total population accounted for 20%, 1.5% and 10% of the standard TWI for Cd as well as PTWIs for Pb and Hg, respectively. Furthermore, the EWIs estimated using consumption data concerning Italian consumers did not exceed the standard TWI and PTWIs, except for Cd at 95th percentile.
OBJECTIVE: To review evidence on the associations between vitamin B12 intake and its biomarkers, vitamin B12 intake and its functional health outcomes, and vitamin B12 biomarkers and functional health outcomes. DESIGN: A systematic review was conducted by searching electronic databases, until January 2012, using a standardized strategy developed in the EURRECA network. Relevant articles were screened and sorted based on title and abstract, then based on full text, and finally included if they met inclusion criteria. A total of sixteen articles were included in the review. SETTING: Articles covered four continents: America (n 4), Europe (n 8), Africa (n 1) and Asia (n 3). SUBJECTS: Population groups included healthy infants, children and adolescents, and pregnant and lactating women. RESULTS: From the total number of 5815 papers retrieved from the initial search, only sixteen were eligible according to the inclusion criteria: five for infants, five for children and adolescents, and six for pregnant and lactating women. CONCLUSIONS: Only one main conclusion could be extracted from this scarce number of references: a positive association between vitamin B12 intake and serum vitamin B12 in the infant group. Other associations were not reported in the eligible papers or the results were not provided in a consistent manner. The low number of papers that could be included in our systematic review is probably due to the attention that is currently given to research on vitamin B12 in elderly people. Our observations in the current systematic review justify the idea of performing well-designed studies on vitamin B12 in young populations. 
BACKGROUND: This study's aim was to design and validate a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) for assessment of fruits and vegetables (FV) consumption in adults of Isfahan by comparing the FFQ with dietary reference method and blood plasma levels of beta-carotene, vitamin C, and retinol. METHODS: This validation study was performed on 123 healthy adults of Isfahan. FV intake was assessed using a 110-item FFQ. Data collection was performed during two different time periods to control for seasonal effects, fall/winter (cold season) and spring/summer (warm season). In each phase a FFQ and 1 day recall, and 2 days of food records as the dietary reference method were completed and plasma vitamin C, beta-carotene and retinol were measured. Data was analyzed by Pearson or Spearman and intraclass correlations. RESULTS: Serum Lipids, sex, age, body mass index (BMI) and educational level adjusted Pearson correlation coefficient of FV with plasma vitamin C, beta-carotene and retinol were 0.55, 0.47 and 0.28 in the cold season (p < 0.05) and 0.52, 0.45 and 0.35 in the warm season (p < 0.001), respectively. Energy and fat intake, sex, age, BMI and educational level adjusted Pearson correlation coefficient for FV with dietary reference method in the cold and warm seasons were 0.62 and 0.60, respectively (p < 0.001). Intraclass correlation for reproducibility of FFQ in FV was 0.65 (p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The designed FFQ had a good criterion validity and reproducibility for assessment of FV intake. Thus, it can serve as a valid tool in epidemiological studies to assess fruit and vegetable intake. 
OBJECTIVE: White adipose tissue (WAT) dysfunction is characterized by delayed clearance of dietary triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TRL). We reported that apolipoprotein (apo) C-I, a transferable apolipoprotein that inhibits lipoprotein lipase activity when bound to TRL, was produced by a human adipocyte model. Thus, we aimed to determine whether increased WAT apoC-I secretion is related to delayed dietary fat clearance in humans. METHODS AND RESULTS: After the ingestion of a (13)C-triolein-labeled high-fat meal, postmenopausal obese women with high-fasting WAT apoC-I secretion (median >0.81 μmol/L per g/4 hours, n=9) had delayed postprandial plasma clearance of (13)C-triglyceride and (13)C-nonesterified fatty acids over 6 hours compared with controls. WAT apoC-I secretion over 4 hours correlated with fasting total and non-high-density lipoprotein apoC-I but not with high-density lipoprotein apoC-I and was the primary predictor of 4-hour postprandial increases in TRL apoC-I. Correction for TRL apoC-I eliminated the association of WAT apoC-I with 6-hour area under the curve of plasma (13)C-triglyceride; correction for insulin sensitivity or inflammation did not. Finally, in addition to apoC-I, WAT secreted considerable amount of apoC-II, apoC-III, and apoE over 24 hours; however, only WAT apoC-I secretion was associated with 6-hour area under the curve of plasma (13)C-triglyceride. CONCLUSIONS: Increased WAT apoC-I secretion in obese women is associated with delayed postprandial dietary fat clearance mediated by increased TRL apoC-I. Thus, we hypothesize that reducing WAT apoC-I secretion ameliorates WAT dysfunction and associated cardiometabolic risks in humans. 
BACKGROUND: Copper-associated hepatitis is an inherited disease in the Labrador Retriever. Apart from genetic factors, dietary intake of copper and zinc are suspected to play a role in the pathogenesis. OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether dietary copper and zinc levels of commercially available dry diets are associated with hepatic copper and zinc concentrations in Labrador Retrievers. ANIMALS: Fifty-five Labrador Retrievers that were fed a single brand and type of commercial dry food for at least 1 year. Of these, 44 dogs were family members of Labrador Retrievers with copper-associated hepatitis. METHODS: Liver biopsies, blood samples, and diet samples were obtained. Liver specimens were scored histologically and copper and zinc concentrations were quantified. Dietary concentrations of copper and zinc were measured. The association between dietary intake of copper and zinc and hepatic copper and zinc concentrations was investigated by linear regression analysis. RESULTS: High dietary copper and low dietary zinc levels were significantly associated with high hepatic copper levels. No association between dietary intake and hepatic zinc was present. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Dietary copper and zinc at current levels in commercially available dry dog food can influence hepatic copper and can be a risk factor for the development of copper-associated hepatitis in Labrador Retrievers with a genetic susceptibility to copper. 
In order to assess mercury (Hg), selenium (Se) and arsenic (As) exposure in the Mediterranean area, total mercury (THg), monomethylmercury (MeHg), Se and As levels were measured in umbilical cord blood and breast milk from Italian (n=900), Slovenian (n=584), Croatian (n=234) and Greek (n=484) women. THg, MeHg, As, and Se levels were also determined in blood samples of the same mothers from Italy and Croatia. In addition, THg and MeHg were determined in the same women's hair from all the countries involved in this study and As and Se levels were determined in the mother's urine samples from Italy, Croatia and Greece. Besides recording the consumption of other food items, the frequencies of fish consumption were assessed by detailed food frequency questionnaires, since fish represents an important source of Hg, Se and As in humans. The highest levels of THg and As were found in cord blood (Med((THg))=5.8 ng/g; Med((As))=3.3 ng/g) and breast milk (Med((THg))=0.6 ng/g; Med((As))=0.8 ng/g) from Greek women, while the highest Se levels were found in cord blood (Med=113 ng/g) from Italy. Significant linear correlations were found between Hg, Se and As in blood, cord blood and breast milk. In addition, significant relations were found between the frequencies of total fish consumption and biomarkers of As, MeHg and Se exposure, with the strongest Spearman rank coefficients between frequencies of total fish consumption and THg levels in cord blood (r(s)=0.442, p<0.001) or THg levels in hair (r(s)=0.421, p<0.001), and between frequencies of total fish consumption and As levels in cord blood (r(s)=0.350, p<0.001). The differences in Hg and As exposure between countries were probably due to different amounts of fish consumption and the consumption of different species of fish of different origin, while the highest Se levels in women from Italy were probably the consequence of the more frequent consumption of different non specific food items. Moreover, fish consumption, the possible common source of As, Hg and Se intake, could explain the correlations between the elements determined in cord blood, mother's blood or breast milk.
Persistent impairments in the regulation of intestinal iron absorption result in iron deficiency or iron accumulation in the long term. Diagnosis remains difficult unless pathological symptoms develop as iron absorption varies strongly between meals and days. Variations in the natural iron isotopic composition of whole blood have recently been suggested as a novel parameter to assess long-term differences in intestinal absorption efficiency between individuals. In this study, baseline blood samples collected in two previous conventional iron absorption studies in Swiss and Thai women using stable isotope tracers were reanalyzed by multicollector inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry. The natural iron isotopic compositions obtained were compared with fractional absorption from the test meals observed in these earlier trials. Correlations of natural blood iron isotopic composition and fractional absorption from the test meals were found to be highly significant in both cohorts (for Swiss women, r = 0.40, P = 0.01, n = 38; for Thai women, r = 0.57, P < 0.01, n = 24), with the blood of both ethnicities clearly differing in iron isotopic composition (P < 0.001). Combining the findings of this study and those of recent animal and human studies confirms that blood iron isotopic patterns may serve as a novel compound biomarker of iron metabolism to assess impairments in regulation of intestinal iron absorption in individuals or population groups.
Insulin resistance is the first step in glucose intolerance and the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus, thus effective prevention strategies should also include dietary interventions to enhance insulin sensitivity. Nutrients, such as microelement chromium(III) and thiamine, play regulatory roles in carbohydrate metabolism. The objective of this study was to evaluate the insulin-sensitizing potential of the combined supplementary chromium(III) propionate complex (CrProp) and thiamine in insulin resistance animal model (rats fed a high-fructose diet). The experiment was carried out on 40 nine-week-old male Wistar rats divided into five groups (eight animals each). Animals were fed ad libitum: the control diet (AIN-93 M) and high-fructose diets with and without a combination of two levels of CrProp (0.1 and 1 mg Cr/kg body mass/day) and two levels of thiamine (0.5 and 10 mg/kg body mass/day) for 8 weeks. At the end of the experiment rats were sacrificed to collect blood and internal organs for analyses of blood biochemical and hematologic indices as well as tissular microelement levels that were measured using appropriate methods. It was found that both supplementary CrProp and thiamine (given alone) have significant insulin-sensitizing and moderate blood-lipid-lowering properties, while the combined supplementation with these agents does not give synergistic effects in insulin-resistant rats. CrProp given separately increased kidney Cu and Cr levels, while thiamine alone increased hepatic Cu contents and decreased renal Zn and Cu contents.
The study aims to assess the association of diet and frequency of extracurricular physical activity (PA) on blood pressure (BP) in non-obese adolescents. A total of 7185 non-obese adolescents aged 12-18 years were analysed to elucidate the relationship between BP and exercise/eating habit. Totally, 10.3% of the boys and 4.6% of the girls who responded to the questionnaire reported undertaking regular extracurricular physical exercise > or =3 times/week and were classified as being physically active. An unhealthy eating habit (UEH) score was constructed by counting the number of 'yes' responses to 11 dietary behavioural items considered to be unhealthy. In logistic regression analysis, age, body mass index, exercise frequency and UEH were significantly associated with BP (P<0.001). The odds ratios (ORs) for high BP in physically more active adolescents vs those who were less active was 0.48 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.30-0.77). The OR for high BP in those with UEH scores in the highest quartile vs those with UEH scores in the lowest quartile was 1.63 (95% CI 1.24-2.15). In conclusion, regular exercise and a healthy diet are positively associated with lower BP even in non-obese adolescents.
Phytotherapy reports strong anti-oxidative and anti-inflammatory potential of agrimony (Agrimonia eupatoria L.). However the effects of agrimony tea consumption are not scientifically proven in humans. We investigated the effects of one month's consumption of agrimony tea in healthy volunteers. Significant elevation of plasma total antioxidant capacity was observed and interleukin 6 levels were significantly lowered at the end of the intervention. An improved lipid profile as estimated by increased high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol was established upon agrimony tea supplementation and HDL cholesterol correlated with adiponectin levels. The results presented in this first human intervention study with agrimony tea indicate that the plant has potential in improving markers of lipid metabolism, oxidative status and inflammation in healthy adults.
BACKGROUND: The association between dietary total antioxidant capacity (TAC) from different assays and serum C-reactive protein (CRP) has not been assessed in non-Western populations. We examined the association between dietary TAC and serum CRP concentration in young Japanese women using different four TAC assays. METHODS: The subjects were 443 young Japanese women aged 18-22 years. Dietary TAC was assessed with a self-administered diet history questionnaire and the TAC value of each food using the following four assays: ferric reducing ability of plasma (FRAP); oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC); Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity (TEAC); and total radical-trapping antioxidant parameter (TRAP). Serum CRP concentrations were measured by highly sensitive nephelometry. RESULTS: The major contributor to dietary TAC was green, barley, and oolong tea (FRAP: 53%, ORAC: 45%, TEAC: 36%, and TRAP: 44%). The prevalence of elevated CRP concentrations (≥ 1 mg/L) was 5.6%. TAC from FRAP was inversely associated with serum CRP concentrations (adjusted odds ratio [OR] for elevated CRP concentration in high [compared with low] dietary TAC group: 0.39 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.16-0.98]; P = 0.04). TAC from ORAC was inversely associated with CRP, although the association was not significant (OR: 0.48 [95% CI: 0.20-1.14]; P = 0.10). TAC from TEAC was inversely associated with CRP (OR: 0.32 [95% CI: 0.12-0.82]; P = 0.02), as was TAC from TRAP (OR: 0.31 [95% CI: 0.12-0.81]; P = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Dietary TAC was inversely associated with serum CRP concentration in young Japanese women regardless of assay. Further studies are needed in other populations to confirm these results. 
Green tea (Camellia sinensis) catechin profiles in plasma and urine following single dosing and regular ingestion of green tea are not clear. We performed a placebo-controlled intervention study with sixteen healthy volunteers to determine changes in total and free catechins after a single dose and following 1 week of twice-daily green tea. Blood and urine samples were collected before (fasting) and after (60 and 120 min for blood; 90 and 180 min for urine) drinking 200 ml of 1.5% (w/v) green tea or water (n 8 each), and fasting samples were again collected after 7 d of 150 ml of 1% (w/v) supplemental green tea or water twice daily. After a 4-week washout, subjects were crossed onto the other treatment and procedures repeated. Plasma results at 1 h post-ingestion showed elevated (P < 0.05) mean epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG; 310 (SD 117) nmol/l; all in free form), epigallocatechin (EGC; 192 (SD 67) nmol/l; 30% free) and epicatechin gallate (ECG; 134 (SD 51) nmol/l; 75% free). Fasting plasma after 7 d of regular intake showed increased (P < 0.05) EGCG (80 v. 15 nmol/l at baseline) and ECG (120 v. 40 nmol/l), with > or =90% of both in their conjugated forms. Total EGC was < 10 nmol/l. Post-ingestion conjugation and renal loss of EGC and epicatechin were rapid and high, but were negligible for EGCG and ECG. In the green tea consumed, the content was EGCG > EGC > ECG, and the acute plasma response mirrored this. However, after chronic consumption there was almost no EGC found in fasting plasma, some EGCG was present, but a rather high level of ECG was maintained.
Current evidence suggests a direct association of uric acid with diabetes risk, but it is still unclear whether this is independent of risk factors such as obesity and diet. We aimed to investigate whether plasma uric acid concentrations are independently associated with incident type 2 diabetes and to investigate the role of a uric acid-related dietary pattern in this association. We used a case-cohort nested in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-Netherlands study. The study included 2318 subcohort members and 845 incident diabetes cases, with a mean follow-up of 10 y. At baseline, blood samples were taken and diet was assessed using a validated FFQ. A uric acid-related dietary pattern was derived with reduced rank regression. Diabetes was mainly self-reported and verified against general practitioner records. Plasma uric acid was (mean ± SD) 231 ± 54.6 μmol/L in the subcohort. After adjustment for established diabetes risk factors such as age, the HR (highest vs. lowest quartile of uric acid) for diabetes was 4.36 (95% CI: 3.22, 5.90). Further adjustment for adiposity attenuated the HR to 1.86 (95% CI: 1.32, 2.62). Additional adjustment for hypertension and biochemical markers, such as TG, slightly attenuated the association [HR = 1.43 (95% CI: 0.97, 2.10)]. A uric acid-related dietary pattern did not confound the association. In conclusion, this study supports that high uric acid concentrations are associated with increased diabetes risk, although a large part of the association can be explained by the degree of adiposity.
BACKGROUND: The intake of a Western diet enriched in animal fat has been shown to be a major risk factor for Type 2 diabetes and obesity. Previous rodent studies have indicated that these conditions may be triggered by the accumulation of the sphingolipid ceramide in insulin-sensitive tissues. However, data are lacking in this regard from both humans and non-human primates. OBJECTIVE: Here we have investigated the relationship between plasma ceramides and metabolic syndrome in Rhesus macaques fed a high-fat and high-fructose (HFFD) 'western' diet. METHODS: We investigated this relationship in cohorts of monkeys fed a HFFD for a period of 8 months to 5 years. Animals were classified as control, pre-diabetic or diabetic based on fasting plasma parameters and insulin sensitivity. RESULTS: HFFD treatment produced significant increases in body weight and body fat and also resulted in a decline in insulin sensitivity. In parallel to the reduction in insulin sensitivity, significant increases in both plasma ceramide and dihydroceramide levels were observed, which further increased as animals progressed to the diabetic state. Plasma levels of the rare sphingolipid C18:0 deoxysphinganine, a marker of increased metabolic flux through serine palmitoyl transferase (SPT), were also elevated in both pre- and diabetic animals. Furthermore, plasma serine levels were significantly elevated in diabetic monkeys, which may indicate a shift in SPT substrate selectivity from serine to alanine or glycine. In contrast, branch chain amino acids were unchanged in pre-diabetic non-human primates, and only plasma valine levels were elevated in diabetic animals. CONCLUSION: Together, these data indicate that HFFD induces de novo synthesis of ceramides in non-human primates, and that increased production of plasma ceramides is significantly correlated with the decline in insulin sensitivity. 
We evaluated the effects of grape consumption on inflammation and oxidation in the presence or absence of dyslipidemias in metabolic syndrome (MetS). Men with MetS (n = 24), 11 with high triglycerides and low HDL and 13 with no dyslipidemia were recruited and randomly allocated to consume daily either 46 g of lyophilized grape powder (GRAPE), equivalent to 252 g fresh grapes, or placebo with an identical macronutrient composition and caloric value as GRAPE for four weeks. After a three-week washout, participants followed the alternate treatment. We measured changes between placebo and GRAPE periods in inflammatory and oxidative stress markers both in circulation and in gene expression. Changes in plasma adiponectin (p < 0.05), interleukin (IL)-10 (p < 0.005) and in mRNA expression of the inducible isoform of nitric oxide synthase (iNOS)  (p < 0.25) were increased in the GRAPE compared to the placebo period only in those individuals without dyslipidemia. Additionally, plasma IL-10 was negatively correlated with NOX2 expression, a marker of oxidative stress (r = -0.55, p < 0.01), while iNOS expression was positively correlated with the expression of superoxide dismutase 2  (r = 0.642, p < 0.01), a key anti-oxidative enzyme. Grape consumption displayed  anti-oxidative and increased anti-inflammatory markers in the absence of the inflammatory milieu associated with dyslipidemias.
BACKGROUND: Fatty acid (FA) composition in serum cholesterol esters (CE) and adipose tissue (AT) reflect the long-term FA intake in the general population. Because both dietary intake and FA biomarkers associate with renal function, our aim was to identify which CE and AT FAs are useful biomarkers of habitual FA intake in individuals with chronic kidney disease (CKD). METHODS: Cross-sectional analysis was performed in 506 men (aged 70 years) with a glomerular filtration rate (GFR) of <60 mL/min per 1.73 m(2) from the Uppsala Longitudinal Study of Adult Men cohort. Dietary habits were evaluated with a 7-day dietary record. FA compositions in CE and AT were analyzed by gas-liquid chromatography in two random subsamples of 248 and 318 individuals, respectively. RESULTS: Both CE and AT linoleic acid and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) were strongly associated with their corresponding intake, after adjustments for non-dietary factors. The proportions of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and palmitic acid in CE and AT moderately correlated with dietary intake, whereas correlations of other FAs were weaker or absent. Proportions of EPA and DHA in CE and AT were positively associated with the total energy-adjusted fish intake. Results were confirmed in adequate reporters as identified by the Goldberg cutoff method. These relationships held constant, regardless of a GFR above or below 45 mL/min per 1.73 m(2) or the prevalence of microalbuminuria. CONCLUSIONS: Proportions of EPA, DHA, palmitic and linoleic acid in serum CE and AT are good indicators of their dietary intake in men with CKD. They can be considered valid biomarkers for epidemiological studies and assessment of compliance. 
The subjective nature of self-reported dietary intake assessment methods presents numerous challenges to obtaining accurate dietary intake and nutritional status. This limitation can be overcome by the use of dietary biomarkers, which are able to objectively assess dietary consumption (or exposure) without the bias of self-reported dietary intake errors. The need for dietary biomarkers was addressed by the Institute of Medicine, who recognized the lack of nutritional biomarkers as a knowledge gap requiring future research. The purpose of this article is to review existing literature on currently available dietary biomarkers, including novel biomarkers of specific foods and dietary components, and assess the validity, reliability and sensitivity of the markers. This review revealed several biomarkers in need of additional validation research; research is also needed to produce sensitive, specific, cost-effective and noninvasive dietary biomarkers. The emerging field of metabolomics may help to advance the development of food/nutrient biomarkers, yet advances in food metabolome databases are needed. The availability of biomarkers that estimate intake of specific foods and dietary components could greatly enhance nutritional research targeting compliance to national recommendations as well as direct associations with disease outcomes. More research is necessary to refine existing biomarkers by accounting for confounding factors, to establish new indicators of specific food intake, and to develop techniques that are cost-effective, noninvasive, rapid and accurate measures of nutritional status.
Dyslipidemia caused by 'Western-diet pattern' is a strong risk factor for the onset of diabetes. This study aimed to disclose the relationship between the serum metabolite changes induced by habitual intake of high-fat and high-cholesterol (HFHC) diet and the development of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and insulin resistance through animal models of Macaca mulatta. Sixteen M. mulatta (six months old) were fed a control diet or a HFHC diet for 18 months. The diet effect on serum metabolic profiles was investigated by longitudinal research. Islet function was assessed by intravenous glucose tolerance and hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp test. Metabonomics were determined by (1)H proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Prolonged diet-dependent hyperlipidemia facilitated visceral fat accumulation in liver and skeletal muscle and disorder of glucose homeostasis in juvenile monkeys. Glucose disappearance rate (K(Glu)) and insulin response to the glucose challenge effects in HFHC monkeys were significantly lower than in control monkeys. Otherwise, serum trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO), lactate and leucine/isoleucine were significantly higher in HFHC monkeys. Sphingomyelin and choline were the most positively correlated with K(Glu) (R(2) = 0.778), as well as negative correlation (R(2) = 0.64) with total cholesterol. The HFHC diet induced visceral fat, abnormal lipid metabolism and IGT prior to weight gain and body fat content increase in juvenile monkeys. We suggest that increased serum metabolites, such as TMAO, lactate, branched-chain amino acids and decreased sphingomyelin and choline, may serve as possible predictors for the evaluation of IGT and insulin resistance risks in the prediabetic state.
AIM: Adherence to a Mediterranean diet has been shown to lower the risk of developing several chronic diseases. The ability to augment circulating adiponectin levels is proposed as an underlying mechanism mediating the beneficial effects of this diet. We aimed to examine whether the positive relationship between the Mediterranean diet and adiponectin is altered by cigarette smoking, taking potential confounders into consideration. METHODS: Plasma adiponectin levels were enzymatically measured in 45 never smokers, 61 smokers and 34 ex-smokers who adhered to a Mediterranean style diet and in 41 never smokers who did not adhere to the diet. RESULTS: Plasma adiponectin levels increased significantly in nonsmoking diet adherents compared to nonsmoking non-diet adherents. Among the diet adherents adiponectin decreased significantly in both moderate and heavy smokers compared to never smokers and significantly increased in quitters compared to smokers. Multiple regression analysis, controlling for age, obesity, Mediterranean diet and insulin resistance revealed an independent inverse association of smoking with adiponectin. Adiponectin levels remained significant and similar in subjects stratified according to age (</>50 years), BMI (</>25 kg/m(2)) and HOMA-IR (</>1.6). CONCLUSIONS: Despite its positive effects on adiponectin, the Mediterranean diet failed to negate the adiponectin-lowering effect of cigarette smoking, demonstrating the profound and independent capacity of cigarette smoke to negatively influence human health. 
Heterocyclic amines (HCAs) are mutagenic/carcinogenic compounds formed at ng/g levels during frying meat or fish. The effect of the normal intake of dietary HCAs in humans and their involvement in the etiology of cancer are currently unknown. In this work, a new extraction method, liquid phase microextraction (LPME) with hollow fibers, and LC-MS/MS have been used for the first time to determine HCAs and metabolites in nonspiked human urine following a single meal of chicken cooked at 180 °C for 6 min. The total intake of HCAs was estimated to be 6 μg, of which 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) accounted for about 1 μg. The concentrations of PhIP in nonhydrolyzed urine samples ranged from 11.7 to 59.4 pg/g. The total amount of PhIP in urine ranged between 9.3 and 21.1 ng, which corresponds to 0.91-2.1% of the ingested PhIP. In addition, the urine levels of 4'-OH-PhIP (2-amino-1-methyl-6-(4'-hydroxy)phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine) and 5-OH-PhIP (2-amino-1-methyl-6-(5-hydroxy)phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine) also showed a narrow variation between the samples. The analysis of urine samples after acid hydrolysis did not give additional information but showed a notable increase in norharman in some cases. The obtained results suggest PhIP in urine as a possible biomarker of exposure to HCAs and the LPME and LC-MS/MS method as an appropriate strategy to biomonitor HCAs in urine.
An elevated level of long-chain n-3 fatty acids (FA) in tissue membranes has a positive influence on the progression and treatment of many diseases. Therefore, dietary supplementation of n-3 FA is recommended in some diseases. Even though n-3 FA are absorbed readily from the diet, their incorporation into tissues may be compromised in diseased animals. In a clinical setting, it is desirable to monitor the success of dietary intervention. Plasma FA as well as erythrocyte membrane (EM) FA can be used to monitor dietary FA intake. This study compares FA from EM and plasma with regard to their reaction time and reliability for monitoring dietary changes of tissue FA profiles in dogs. Thirty dogs were divided into three groups and fed for 12 weeks. The control group (CONT) was fed a commercial standard diet low in n-3 FA. One group received the standard diet and 85 mg/kg body weight of a docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) concentrate (ADD). The third group was fed a commercial dog food containing fish oil (FO), which is rich in eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). EM and plasma FA profiles were analysed by GC separately. Data on EM FA were published recently. n-3 FA in plasma reached the new level after 2 weeks (8 weeks in EM). Dietary differences between DHA and EPA are obvious after 1 week already. The concomitant decrease in plasma n-6 FA differed between ADD and FO. In general, the correlation of n-6 FA between plasma and EM was low. We therefore conclude that analysis of plasma FA is sufficient for monitoring a diet-induced increase in tissue n-3 FA in dogs. However, EM FA should be analysed if the effect of dietary intervention on tissue n-6 FA is important. 
The scientific literature contains evidence suggesting that women who have been treated for breast cancer may, as a result of their diagnosis, increase their phyto-oestrogen (PE) intake. In the present paper, we describe the creation of a dietary analysis database (based on Dietplan6) for the determination of dietary intakes of specific PE (daidzein, genistein, glycitein, formononetin, biochanin A, coumestrol, matairesinol and secoisolariciresinol), in a group of women previously diagnosed and treated for postmenopausal breast cancer. The design of the database, data evaluation criteria, literature data entry for 551 foods and primary analysis by LC–MS/MS of an additional thirty-four foods for which there were no published data are described. The dietary intake of 316 women previously treated for postmenopausal breast cancer informed the identification of potential food and beverage sources of PE and the bespoke dietary analysis database was created to, ultimately, quantify their PE intake. In order that PE exposure could be comprehensively described, fifty-four of the 316 subjects completed a 24 h urine collection, and their urinary excretion results allowed for the description of exposure to include those identified as ‘equol producers’.
PURPOSE: To investigate the associations of dietary TAC from diet and supplements with serum antioxidant concentrations and serum C-reactive protein (CRP) and plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) in US adults. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study. Food consumption data, serum antioxidant levels, and serum CRP and Plasma tHcy concentrations of 4,391 US adults aged ≥19 years in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2001-2002 were analyzed. The USDA flavonoid and proanthocyanidin databases and dietary supplement data as well as antioxidant capacities of 43 antioxidants were also utilized. RESULT: Serum CRP and plasma tHcy concentrations were higher in older adults, smokers, and those with lower non-leisure time physical activity levels (P < 0.05). Energy-adjusted daily total antioxidant capacity (TAC) from diet and supplements was positively associated with serum vitamin E and carotenoid concentrations (P < 0.05). Adjusted odds ratio (OR) for plasma tHcy >13 μmol/L significantly decreased across quartiles of TAC from diet and supplements (Q1 = 2.18 (1.56-2.77); Q2 = 1.30 (1.00-2.07); Q3 = 1.34 (0.84-2.28); Q4 = 1.00; P for linear trend <0.001). A negative trend across quartiles of TAC from diet and supplements was also observed in OR for serum CRP ≥3 mg/L (Q1 = 1.26 (0.97-1.70); Q2 = 1.21 (0.91-1.66); Q3 = 0.97 (0.80-1.24); Q4 = 1.00; P for linear trend <0.05). CONCLUSIONS: These findings indicated that dietary TAC provided an integrated conceptual tool in assessing serum antioxidants and investigating the associations between antioxidant intake and CVD risk. The implicated applicability of dietary TAC needs further validation in prospective cohort studies. 
OBJECTIVES: To estimate the prevalence of hyperuricemia and lifestyle risk factors for hyperuricemia in elderly women. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: The suburban area of Guangzhou, Guangdong province, China. PARTICIPANTS: The study included 856 Chinese women aged 60 to 102 years who received their annual health examinations in the suburban area of Guangzhou, south China in 2002. MEASUREMENTS: Information on anthropometric measurements and lifestyle factors were obtained via a questionnaire processed by the attending physicians or nurses. Blood biochemistry was performed after subjects fasted for 8-14 h. Unconditional logistic regression analysis was used to investigate associations between hyperuricemia, meat intake quintiles, physical activity quintiles, and alcohol intake quintiles. RESULTS: The prevalence of hyperuricemia in the studied population was 12.01%. Alcohol, meat and seafood consumption; being overweight or obese; hypertension; and abnormal triglyceride levels were strongly associated with a higher prevalence of hyperuricemia. Physical activity was inversely related to the prevalence of hyperuricemia. The odds ratios for hyperuricemia for quintiles of physical activity were 1.00, 0.74, 0.72, 0.63, and 0.55 (P<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that the prevalence of hyperuricemia is high in elderly women in suburban Guangzhou in Guangdong province of South China. Obesity, meat and seafood intake and alcohol consumption are associated with a higher prevalence of hyperuricemia, whereas daily physical activity is inversely related to the prevalence of hyperuricemia. 
OBJECTIVE: The present study assessed whether compliance with the Food-Based Dietary Guidelines is related to habitual fatty acid (FA) intake and blood lipid parameters. METHODS: Dietary information was collected by two non-consecutive 24-h recalls in 1804 European adolescents. Compliance with the Food-Based Dietary Guidelines was expressed by calculating the Diet Quality Index for Adolescents (DQI-A). Blood samples were collected in a randomly selected subset (n = 552). Relations between FA intake/serum concentrations and DQI-A were tested with multilevel regression analysis to correct for the study design (clustering within cities). Analyses were stratified for gender; age was entered as a covariate. RESULTS: Better DQI-A scores were related to increased proportional intakes of energy from total fat, saturated FA, monounsaturated FA, and cholesterol (P < 0.001), whereas no significant association was observed with polyunsaturated FA intakes. In adolescents with higher compared with lower DQI-A scores, dairy products contributed more (21.0% versus 12.7%) and low-nutrient, energy-dense items contributed less (17.2% versus 26.3%) to the intake of total fat. A positive association was observed between the DQI-A scores and serum concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid (all P < 0.005). The latter, however, was significant only in girls. In boys, higher DQI-A scores were inversely associated with serum cholesterol concentrations (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Although compliance with the Food-Based Dietary Guidelines was not always associated with a favorable FA intake pattern, a significant favorable association with some serum biomarkers was observed. This outcome underlines the importance of considering dietary habits instead of single-nutrient intakes. 
Chronic exposure to arsenic (As) in food and water is a significant public health problem. Person-specific aggregate exposure is difficult to collect and modeling based on limited food As residue databases is of uncertain reliability. Two cross-sectional population exposure studies, the National Human Exposure Assessment Survey-Arizona and Arizona Border Survey, had a combined total of 252 subjects with diet, water, and urinary As data. Total As was measured in 24-h duplicate diet samples and modeled using 24-h diet diaries in conjunction with several published food surveys of As. Two-stage regression was used to assess the effects of dietary As on urinary total As (uAs): (1) generalized linear mixed models of uAs above versus below the limit of detection (LOD); and (2) restricted models limited to those subjects with uAs>LOD, using bootstrap sampling and mixed models adjusted for age, sex, body mass index, ethnicity, current smoking, and As intake from drinking and cooking water. In restricted models, measured and modeled estimates were significant predictors of uAs. Modeled dietary As based on Total Diet Study mean residues greatly underestimated the dietary intake. In households with tap water As ≤10 p.p.b., over 93% of total arsenic exposure was attributable to diet.
This study examined salty taste acuity and salty taste preference and sodium intake in relation to zinc nutritional status in 2 rural populations in Korea. And we also examined the main food contributors of their sodium intakes. We enrolled 218 adults (66 men and 152 women) from the Kangneung and Samcheok regions in Korea's Kangwon province in our study conducted from December 2011 to February 2012. Participants from each region were divided into 3 groups based on their serum zinc level (T1: lowest, T2: intermediate, T3: highest). We compared the salty taste acuity and preference, Na index (Dish Frequency Questionnaire for estimation of habitual sodium intake), blood pressure, and intakes of nutrients including sodium by 3 groups of serum zinc level. The results were as follows: a higher serum zinc level indicated a lower sodium intake and Na index (P < 0.05). The salty taste acuity was considerably higher for participants from the Kangneung region than those from the Samcheok region (P < 0.05). And the serum zinc level was significantly higher in participants from the Kangneung region than those from the Samcheok region (P < 0.05). We further divided the participants into 2 groups: those who consumed more zinc than the recommended intake (RI) and the others. We compared salty taste acuity and salty taste preference in the 2 groups. The salty taste threshold and palatable salty taste concentrations were lower for the group with a zinc intake above RI than for the group with zinc intake below the RI. However, the difference was not significant. This study confirms that taste function differs depending on zinc nutritional status. In future, it is required to a large-scale, long-term, prospective study on the correlation between zinc intake, serum zinc levels, and taste perception function and blood pressure.
AIM: The purpose of this methodological study is to evaluate the reliability and validity of a Turkish adaptation of the short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Function Questionnaire (PISQ-12) used in assessing sexuality function in women with POP/UI. METHODS: The PISQ-12 was translated into Turkish; the adaptation of the PISQ-12 to Turkish language was performed via back-translation, the content validity of the questionnaire was conducted by experts in the field, test-retest reliability was examined with 40 women with UI and/or POP. PISQ-12 was administered to 120 women with pelvic floor dysfunction. The reliability and validity of the PISQ-12 were analyzed. Evaluation of the data was performed using Content Validity Index (CVI), Cronbach's alpha, test-retest reliability, item total correlation, and confirmatory factor analysis. RESULTS: CVI of the Turkish PISQ-12 was found 1.00 (% 100). Item-total correlations were between 0.42 and 0.68 (P < 0.001). The PISQ-12 had an adequate and high internal consistency (Cronbach's α = 0.74) as well as a high test-retest reliability (Pearson correlation coefficient, r = 0.961; P < 0.001). Factor analysis results revealed strong construct validity. CONCLUSION: The Turkish version of the PISQ-12 is a reliable, consistent and valid instrument to assess sexual function in women with urinary incontinence and/or pelvic organ prolapse. It is also a comprehensive and easily applicable instrument which as a treatment outcome or research tool in clinical practices. 
BACKGROUND: The reduced activity of 11β hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2 (11βHSD2) contributes to elevated blood pressure (BP) in clinical syndromes, but its effect on BP in the physiologic range is unclear. OBJECTIVES: We examined the association of 11βHSD2 activity with BP in healthy children independent of known BP-related dietary and other factors and determined whether the diet-dependent acid load may constitute a dietary factor related to BP. DESIGN: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis in 267 healthy children (age range: 4-14 y) who provided a 24-h urine sample, a parallel 3-d weighed dietary record, and 1-3 BP measurements ±1.5 y around the urine collection. The ratio of urinary free cortisone to cortisol measured by using a radioimmunoassay was used as an index for 11βHSD2. Urinary net acid excretion and the urinary and dietary potential renal acid load (PRAL) were used to predict the diet-dependent acid load. The PRAL was calculated as the sum of major mineral nonbicarbonate anions minus the sum of mineral cations. Sex-, age- and height-independent SD scores (SDSs) of systolic and diastolic BP were used as outcomes in linear regression analyses. RESULTS: 11βHSD2 was inversely associated with systolic BP SDSs in basic models and in analyses adjusted for body size, maternal BP, breastfeeding, and dietary intakes of total energy, salt, and fruit and vegetables (P = 0.03). In models that included indexes of dietary acid load instead of fruit and vegetables, all 3 acid-load biomarkers were significantly (P = 0.006-0.02) directly related to systolic BP. CONCLUSION: A lower 11βHSD2 activity and higher dietary acid load may independently contribute to higher systolic BP in healthy children. 
OBJECTIVES: The role of circadian rhythm of energy and macronutrient intake in influencing cardiometabolic risk factors is increasingly recognized. However, little is known of the association between time of energy intake and blood pressure. We examined the association between time-of-day of energy intake and subsequent hypertension and change in blood pressure. METHODS: The analysis included 517 men and 635 women from the 1946 British birth cohort. Diet was assessed using 5-day estimated diaries. Diaries were divided into seven meal slots: breakfast, mid-morning, lunch, mid-afternoon, dinner, late evening and extras. Time-of-day of energy intake at age 43 years was related to hypertension prevalence at 43 years and incidence at age 53 years and 10-year changes in SBP and DBP using logistic regression and censored regression controlling for medication use. RESULTS: Cohort members in the highest quintile of energy intake at breakfast at age 43 years had 30% lower odds of hypertension prevalence compared with those in the lowest. Cohort members in the highest quintile of energy intake at late evening had higher odds of incident hypertension at age 53 years [odds ratio = 1.55; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.93-2.61; P for linear trend = 0.052]. Compared to the lowest quintile, the highest quintile of energy intake late in the evening was related to a greater rise in SBP (β = 5.09; 95% CI 1.25-8.93) and DBP (43-53 years) (β = 2.08; 95%CI 0.27-5.32). CONCLUSION: Higher energy intake at breakfast is associated with lower hypertension prevalence. Greater energy intake late in the evening is associated with higher hypertension prevalence, incidence and greater increases in blood pressure. 
The purpose of this study was to investigate the relationship between serum taurine level and serum adiponectin or leptin levels in high-fat diet-induced obesity rats. Five-week-old male Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into three groups for a period of 8 weeks (normal diet, N group; high-fat diet, HF group; high-fat diet + taurine, HFT group). Taurine was supplemented by dissolving in feed water (3% w/v), and the same amount of distilled water was orally administrated to N and HF groups. In serum, adiponectin level was higher in HFT group compared to HF group. The serum taurine level was negatively correlated with serum total cholesterol (TC) level and positively correlated with serum adiponectin level. These results suggest that dietary taurine supplementation has beneficial effects on total cholesterol and adiponectin levels in high-fat diet-induced obesity rats.
Recent studies have suggested that dietary Ca may have beneficial effects on adiposity, insulin resistance, dyslipidaemia and blood pressure (BP). One potential mechanism underlying these benefits involves modifications in intracellular Ca concentration ([Ca2+]i). The present study aimed to evaluate the associations of dietary Ca with adiposity, erythrocyte [Ca2+]i, metabolic profile, BP, inflammatory state and endothelial function in healthy pre-menopausal women. In the present cross-sectional study, seventy-six women aged 18–50 years were submitted to the evaluation of dietary intake, anthropometric parameters, body composition, erythrocyte [Ca2+]i, biochemical variables, endothelial function and BP. A FFQ was used to assess usual dietary intake. Endothelial function was evaluated by serum concentrations of adhesion molecules and by the peripheral arterial tonometry (PAT) method, using Endo-PAT 2000®. Participants were allocated into two groups according to Ca intake: low-Ca group (LCG; n 32; < 600 mg/d) and high-Ca group (HCG; n 44; ≥ 600 mg/d). Women in the LCG compared with those in the HCG exhibited, after adjustments for potential confounders, higher values of BMI, waist circumference, waist:height ratio, percentage of body fat, insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, leptin, diastolic and mean BP; and lower levels of HDL-cholesterol, adiponectin and vascular cell adhesion molecule 1. Endothelial function assessed by PAT and [Ca2+]i was similar in both groups. Subjects in the HCG had lower OR for prevalent overweight, obesity, abdominal obesity, insulin resistance, HDL-cholesterol < 600 mg/l and systolic BP >120 mmHg. The findings of the present study suggest that high Ca intake is inversely associated with some cardiovascular risk factors.
BACKGROUND: Studies exploring the role of diet during pregnancy are still scarce, in part due to the complexity of measuring diet and to the lack of valid instruments. The aim of this study was to examine the reproducibility and validity (against biochemical biomarkers) of a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) in pregnant women. METHODS: Participants were 740 pregnant women from a population-based birth cohort study in Valencia (INMA Study). We compared nutrient and food intakes from FFQs estimated for two periods of pregnancy (reproducibility), and compared energy-adjusted intake of several carotenoids, folate, vitamin B12, vitamin C and α-tocopherol of the FFQ in the first trimester with their concentration in blood specimens (validity). RESULTS: Significant correlations for reproducibility were found for major food groups and nutrients but not for lycopene (r=0.06); the average correlation coefficients for daily intake were 0.51 for food groups and 0.61 for nutrients. For validity, statistically significant correlations were observed for vitamin C (0.18), α-carotene (0.32), β-carotene (0.22), lutein-zeaxantin (0.29) and β-cryptoxantin(0.26); non-significant correlations were observed for retinol, lycopene, α-tocopherol, vitamin B12 and folate (r≤0.12). When dietary supplement use was considered, correlations were substantially improved for folate (0.53) and to a lesser extent for vitamin B12 (0.12) and vitamin C (0.20). CONCLUSION: This study supports that the FFQ has a good reproducibility for nutrient and food intake, and can provide a valid estimate of several important nutrients during pregnancy. 
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Lower urinary citrate excretion is a risk factor for nephrolithiasis and associated with metabolic acidosis and higher prevalence of hypertension and insulin resistance. This study sought to quantify the independent predictors of urinary citrate excretion in population-based cohorts. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: A cross-sectional study of 2561 individuals from the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study and Nurses' Health Studies I and II who provided two 24-hour urine collections was conducted. Dietary data were ascertained from the semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. Lifestyle and disease data were derived from responses to biennial questionnaires. Multivariable linear regression was used to quantify the predictors of urinary citrate excretion. RESULTS: After adjusting for age, urinary creatinine, dietary, and other factors, higher intake of nondairy animal protein (per 10 g/d; -20 mg/d; 95% confidence interval [-29 to -11]), higher body mass index (per 1 kg/m(2); -4 mg/d; [-6 to -2]), and history of nephrolithiasis (-57 mg/d; [-79 to -36]), hypertension (-95 mg/d; [-119 to -71]), gout (-104 mg/d; [-155 to -54]), and thiazide use (-34 mg/d; [-68 to -1]) were independently associated with lower 24-hour urinary citrate excretion. Higher intake of potassium (per 1000 mg/d; 53 mg/d; [33 to 74]), higher urinary sodium (per 100 mEq/d; 56 mg/d; [31 to 80]), and history of diabetes (61 mg/d; [21 to 100]) were independently associated with higher citrate excretion. CONCLUSIONS: Several dietary and lifestyle factors and medical conditions are independently associated with urinary citrate excretion. 
BACKGROUND: Folate status, as reflected by red blood cell (RCF) and plasma folates (PF), is related to health and disease risk. Folate degradation products para-aminobenzoylglutamate (pABG) and para-acetamidobenzoylglutamate (apABG) in 24 hour urine have recently been shown to correlate with blood folate. AIM: Since blood sampling and collection of 24 hour urine are cumbersome, we investigated whether the determination of urinary folate catabolites in fasted spot urine is a suitable non-invasive biomarker for folate status in subjects before and during folic acid supplementation. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: Immediate effects of oral folic acid bolus intake on urinary folate catabolites were assessed in a short-term pre-study. In the main study we included 53 healthy men. Of these, 29 were selected for a 12 week folic acid supplementation (400 µg). Blood, 24 hour and spot urine were collected at baseline and after 6 and 12 weeks and PF, RCF, urinary apABG and pABG were determined. RESULTS: Intake of a 400 µg folic acid bolus resulted in immediate increase of urinary catabolites. In the main study pABG and apABG concentrations in spot urine correlated well with their excretion in 24 hour urine. In healthy men consuming habitual diet, pABG showed closer correlation with PF (rs = 0.676) and RCF (rs = 0.649) than apABG (rs = 0.264, ns and 0.543). Supplementation led to significantly increased folate in plasma and red cells as well as elevated urinary folate catabolites, while only pABG correlated significantly with PF (rs = 0.574) after 12 weeks. CONCLUSION: Quantification of folate catabolites in fasted spot urine seems suitable as a non-invasive alternative to blood or 24 hour urine analysis for evaluation of folate status in populations consuming habitual diet. In non-steady-state conditions (folic acid supplementation) correlations between folate marker (RCF, PF, urinary catabolites) decrease due to differing kinetics. 
OBJECTIVE: To validate an Arabic version of the global Pelvic Floor Bother Questionnaire (PFBQ), a self-administered 9-item symptom assessment tool. METHODS: The translation-back translation method was used to create an Arabic version of the PFBQ. Clarity of terms and face validity were ensured by modifying the translated version according to comments from a focus group. The Arabic PFBQ was completed by 130 Lebanese women, who were allocated to affected (n=65) or control (n=65) groups on the basis of 2 verbally administered screening questions. Validity was assessed by comparing the PFBQ scores of the 2 groups. Test-retest reliability was evaluated in a subgroup of women who completed the PFBQ on 2 separate occasions; the intra-class correlation coefficient (ICC) for paired items was then calculated. RESULTS: Total PFBQ scores of the affected and control groups were significantly different (31.52 ± 16.80 vs 6.73 ± 7.50; P<0.001). Mean scores for individual PFBQ items were significantly different between the 2 groups, with the exception of dyspareunia. The ICC was above 0.7 for all individual items, thus confirming test-retest reliability. CONCLUSION: An Arabic version of the global PFBQ was developed and found to be both valid and reliable in the target population. 
INTRODUCTION: Cytotoxicity of doxorubicin (DOX) - an anticancer drug, mostly results from reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation. Some enzymes catalyzing this process and enzymes of antioxidant defense are regulated by iodothyronine hormones. Thus, disorders in iodothyronine hormone status may affect doxorubicin-induced redox imbalance and anabolic/catabolic disorders. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of doxorubicin and thyroxine (T4) associated treatment on liver morphology, markers of oxidative stress and plasma lipid parameters. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Rats were intraperitoneally treated with doxorubicin (1.5 mg/kg) once a week for ten weeks. Thyroxine was simultaneously given in drinking water (0.2 or 2.0 mg/l) for 14 weeks. RESULTS: There were higher hepatic level of malonyldialdehyde (MDA) of all tested groups and at the same time in rats treated with DOX plus T4 lower concentrations of total glutathione compared to controls were observed. Morphology of liver did not show any features of necrosis or steatosis but a decrease of glycogen content in T4+DOX groups compared to DOX treatment was observed. The concomitant administration of a lower dose of thyroxine and doxorubicin decreased triglycerides (TG) and increased LDL level compared to the DOX group. DISCUSSION: Thyroxin supplementation caused redox equilibrium disorders and oxidative stress in liver of rats receiving DOX. The study revealed the normalizing influence of thyroxin on glycogen deposits that were observed after doxorubicin treatment. Apart from an adverse impact of thyroxine administration on LDL in rats treated with doxorubicin, a beneficial effect of lower dose of thyroxine on serum TG level was revealed. 
OBJECTIVE: Intervention studies on the Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) have often led to weight loss, which may have contributed to the purported anti-inflammatory effects of the MedDiet. To investigate the impact of the MedDiet consumed under controlled feeding conditions before (-WL) and after weight loss (+WL) on markers of inflammation in men with metabolic syndrome (MetS). DESIGN AND METHODS: Subjects (N = 26, male, 24-65 years) with MetS first consumed a North American control diet for 5 weeks followed by a MedDiet for 5 weeks both in isocaloric feeding conditions. After a 20-week weight loss period in free-living conditions (10 ± 3% reduction in body weight, P < 0.01), participants consumed the MedDiet again under isocaloric-controlled feeding condition for 5 weeks. RESULTS: MedDiet - WL significantly reduced plasma C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations (-26.1%, P = 0.02) and an arbitrary inflammatory score (-9.9%, P = 0.01) that included CRP, interleukin-6 (IL-6), IL-18, and tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) compared with the control diet. The MedDiet + WL significantly reduced plasma IL-6 (-20.7%) and IL-18 (-15.6%, both P ≤ 0.02) concentrations compared with the control diet but had no further significant impact on plasma CRP concentration. Participants with a reduction in waist circumference ≥8.5 cm after MedDiet + WL showed significantly greater reductions in inflammation markers than those with a change in waist circumference <8.5 cm. CONCLUSIONS: Thus, consuming MedDiet even in the absence of weight loss significantly reduces inflammation. However, the degree of waist circumference reduction with weight loss magnifies the impact of the MedDiet on other markers of inflammation associated with MetS in men. 
We investigated the validity and reproducibility of a self-administered diet history questionnaire (DHQ) that estimates the intakes of β-carotene, vitamin C and α-tocopherol. Ninety-five healthy women with singleton pregnancies in the second trimester were examined at a university hospital in Tokyo. The intakes of β-carotene, vitamin C and α-tocopherol assessed by the DHQ were compared to the corresponding serum concentrations. To assess the reproducibility, 58 pregnant women completed it in two sessions within a 4-5 week interval. We found significantly positive correlations between the energy-adjusted intakes and serum concentrations of β-carotene and vitamin C (r = 0.254 and r = 0.323, respectively). However, α-tocopherol intake was not associated with the corresponding serum concentration. The intraclass correlation coefficients of the two-time DHQ were 0.743 (β-carotene), 0.665 (vitamin C) and 0.718 (α-tocopherol). DHQ has acceptable validity and reproducibility for β-carotene and vitamin C intakes in Japanese pregnant women.
BACKGROUND: To date, there are no dietary intervention studies available jointly examining the changes produced in cardiometabolic risk indices and diet quality assessed with the Healthy Eating Index 2005 (HEI-2005). The present study aimed to evaluate the effect of a 3-month multicomponent lifestyle intervention on several cardiometabolic risk indices, physical activity levels and diet quality. METHODS: A total sample of 108 hypercholesterolaemic adults (40-60 years old) were randomised to two intervention groups provided with and instructed to consume daily: (i) plain milk (n = 37) or (ii) enriched milk (n = 40) respectively; both groups were attending a 3-month dietary counselling programme. For the needs of the present study both intervention groups were analysed together IG: n = 77) and were compared against a control group following usual diet (CG: n = 31). RESULTS: Regarding diet quality HEI scores for 'milk' (P = 0.021), 'dark green/orange vegetables and legumes' (P = 0.050) and 'total HEI score' (P = 0.045) were improved in the IG compared to the CG. The IG also improved 'whole grains' and 'calories from solid fats, alcoholic beverages and added sugars' scores compared to their baseline values. Both groups improved the 'total vegetable' HEI score. Regarding physical activity levels and cardiometabolic risk indices, the IG significantly increased the daily number of steps (P = 0.005) and decreased body weight (P = 0.021), body mass index (P = 0.019) and waist circumference (P = 0.027) to a higher extent compared to the changes observed in the CG. Moreover, the IG significantly decreased systolic (P = 0.001) and diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.050) compared to baseline values. CONCLUSIONS: The present study revealed that this 3-month lifestyle and nutrition counselling intervention programme appears to have favourable effects on diet quality, physical activity levels, anthropometric and certain cardiometabolic risk indices. 
BACKGROUND: Few studies have examined the relationship of α-linolenic acid (ALA 18:3n-3), an intermediate-chain essential n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid derived from plants and vegetable oils, with incident atrial fibrillation (AF). METHODS AND RESULTS: The study population included participants from the Cardiovascular Health Study, a community-based longitudinal cohort of adults aged 65 or older, free of prevalent coronary heart disease and atrial fibrillation. We assessed the associations of plasma phospholipid and dietary ALA with incident AF using Cox regression. The biomarker analysis comprised a total of 2899 participants, and the dietary analysis comprised 4337 participants. We found no association of plasma phospholipid ALA and incident AF. Comparing each of the second, third, and fourth quartiles to the lowest quartile, the hazard ratios for AF were 1.11 (95% CI, 0.90 to 1.37), 1.09 (95% CI, 0.88 to 1.35), and 0.92 (95% CI, 0.74 to 1.15), after adjustment for age, sex, race, clinic, education, smoking, alcohol, body mass index, waist circumference, diabetes, heart failure, stroke, treated hypertension, and physical activity (P trend=0.48). When dietary ALA was considered the exposure of interest, results were similar. CONCLUSIONS: Results from this prospective cohort study of older adults indicate no association of plasma phospholipid or dietary ALA and incident AF. 
The aim of the present study was to examine the body burden of lead (Pb), mercury (Hg), and cadmium (Cd) in blood among Swedish adults and the association between blood levels, diet and other lifestyle factors. The study was based on a subgroup (n=273) of the national survey Riksmaten 2010-2011 (4-day food records and questionnaire). Lead, Hg, and Cd were measured in whole blood, and Cd additionally in urine, by mass or fluorescence spectrometry methods. The median values (5-95th percentiles) of the metals in blood were as follows; Pb: 13.4 (5.8-28.6) μg/L, Hg: 1.13 (0.31-3.45) μg/L, and Cd: 0.19 (0.09-1.08) μg/L. All three metals increased with increasing age. Lead levels in blood were positively associated with intakes of game and alcohol, Hg was related to fish intake, and blood Cd related to smoking and low iron stores and to a low meat intake. Body burdens of the studied metals were generally below health based reference values, but several individuals had blood Pb levels above the reference point for possible nephrotoxic and developmental neurotoxic effects. As health effects cannot be excluded, individuals with high Pb exposure should aim at decreasing their body burden, both from food and from other exposure routes.
BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic evidence suggests that fruit consumption may lower the risk of cardiovascular diseases through blood pressure (BP)-lowering effects; little is known on the independent effect of raw fruit and fruit juice on BP. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to quantify associations of raw fruit and fruit juice consumption with BP by using cross-sectional data from the INTERnational study on MAcro/micronutrients and blood Pressure (INTERMAP) of 4680 men and women aged 40-59 y from Japan, China, the United Kingdom, and the United States. DESIGN: During 4 visits, 8 BP, four 24-h dietary recalls, and two 24-h urine samples were collected. Country-specific multivariate-controlled linear regression coefficients, including adjustment for urinary sodium excretion, were estimated and pooled, weighted by inverse of their variance. RESULTS: The average total raw fruit consumption varied from a mean ± SD of 52 ± 65 g/1000 kcal in the United States to 68 ± 70 g/1000 kcal in China. Individual raw fruit intake was not associated with BP in pooled analyses for all countries or in participants from Western countries, although a positive association with diastolic BP was observed in East Asian participants (per 50 g/1000 kcal; 0.37 mm Hg; 95% CI: 0.02, 0.71). Positive relationships with diastolic BP were found for citrus fruit intake in Western consumers (per 25 g/1000 kcal; 0.47 mm Hg; 95% CI: 0.12, 0.81) and for apple intake in East Asian consumers (0.40 mm Hg; 95% CI: 0.03, 0.78). Among East Asian banana consumers, banana intake was inversely associated with diastolic BP (-1.01 mm Hg; 95% CI: -1.88, -0.02). Fruit juice intake, which was negligible in Asia, was not related to BP in Western countries. CONCLUSION: Consistent associations were not found between raw fruit and fruit juice consumption of individuals and BP. This observational study was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00005271. 
The purpose of this study is to evaluate the dietary intakes of calcium (Ca), phosphorus (P), magnesium (Mg), iron (Fe), zinc (Zn), copper (Cu), and manganese (Mn) and investigate their correlation with blood pressure and blood lipids. Targeting 258 healthy men and women, blood pressure was measured, and blood samples were collected to analyze serum lipids, and then the intakes of seven minerals were assessed through a food intake survey for 3 days using a 24-h recall method. The average age of the men and women was 49.55 and 49.19, respectively. The daily energy intake of the men was 1,830.57 kcal, which was significantly higher than that of women, 1,476.23 kcal (p < 0.001). The mineral intake of the subjects was as follows: 450.95 mg/day for Ca, 915.24 mg/day for P, 279.23 mg/day for Mg, 12.60 mg/day for Fe, 8.25 mg/day for Zn, 1.23 mg/day for Cu, and 4.22 mg/day for Mn. These accounted for 63.83, 130.76, 90.74, 129.75, 97.50, 154.49, and 113.50 % of adequate intake or the recommended intake of each mineral, respectively. Subjects who did not satisfy the estimated average requirement were 74.00 % for Ca, 63.18 % for Mg, and 41.86 % for Zn. After adjusting for age, sex, BMI, and energy intake, Mg intake had a negative correlation with systolic blood pressure (SBP), and Cu intake had a significant negative correlation with SBP and diastolic blood pressure (DBP). Also, Mn intake was negatively correlated with DBP, serum total cholesterol, and triglycerides. Thus, it is concluded that the dietary intakes of Mg, Cu, and Mn may play an important role in controlling blood pressure and lipids in Korean adults.
Because dietary intakes of some minerals (including trace elements), especially iron (Fe), are insufficient for the needs of the general Japanese population, accurate estimation of mineral intake is important. This capability is especially necessary to preserve the health of Japanese children. Therefore, the current version of food composition tables (FCT) in Japan was evaluated for validity as tools to estimate dietary intake of minerals for children. For this purpose, 24h food duplicate samples were collected from 292 pre-school children in Miyagi prefecture, Japan. From the weights of items and food codes, intakes of nine minerals were estimated taking advantage of the FCT. In parallel, amounts of minerals in each duplicate samples were instrumentally measured by ICP-AES for Ca, Cu, Fe, Mg, Mn, P and Zn, and by flame AAS for K and Na, both after wet-ashing. The distributions of the mineral amounts were essentially normal. The comparison of the FCT-based estimates (E) and instrumental measures (M) showed that the E/M ratio was close to 1 for Ca, K, Mn, P and Zn, suggesting that E may be a surrogate of M for Ca, K, Mn, P and Zn on a group basis. The ratio being larger than 1.2 for Cu, Fe, Mg and Na indicates that a risk of over-estimation exists when E is relied upon in place of M. On an individual basis, significant differences were detected for all 9 minerals suggesting that the use of E as a surrogate for M should be practiced with care for the estimation of mineral intake. 
This article presents a dynamic model that quantifies the temporal evolution of the concentration and oxygen saturation of hemoglobin in tissue, as determined by time-varying hemodynamic and metabolic parameters: blood volume, flow velocity, and oxygen consumption. This multi-compartment model determines separate contributions from arterioles, capillaries, and venules that comprise the tissue microvasculature, and treats them as a complete network, without making assumptions on the details of the architecture and morphology of the microvascular bed. A key parameter in the model is the effective blood transit time through the capillaries and its associated probability of oxygen release from hemoglobin to tissue, as described by a rate constant for oxygen diffusion. The solution of the model in the time domain predicts the signals measured by hemodynamic-based neuroimaging techniques such as functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) and functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) in response to brain activation. In the frequency domain, the model yields an analytical solution based on a phasor representation that provides a framework for quantitative spectroscopy of coherent hemodynamic oscillations. I term this novel technique coherent hemodynamics spectroscopy (CHS), and this article describes how it can be used for the assessment of cerebral autoregulation and the study of hemodynamic oscillations resulting from a variety of periodic physiological challenges, brain activation protocols, or physical maneuvers. 
A conventional approach in dairy cow nutrition programs during late gestation is to feed moderate-energy diets. The effects of the maternal plane of nutrition on immune function and metabolism in newborn calves are largely unknown. Holstein cows (n=20) were fed a controlled-energy (CON) diet (1.24 Mcal/kg) for the entire dry period (~50 d) or the CON diet during the first 29 d of the dry period followed by a moderate-energy (OVE) diet (1.47 Mcal/kg) during the last 21 d prepartum. All calves were weighed at birth before first colostrum intake. Calves chosen for this study (n=6 per maternal diet) had blood samples harvested before colostrum feeding (d 0) and at 2 and 7 d of age. Blood samples were used to determine metabolites, acute-phase proteins, oxidative stress markers, hormones, phagocytic capacity of polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMN) and monocytes, and total RNA was isolated from PMN. Calves from OVE dams weighed, on average, 5kg less at birth (44.0 vs. 48.6kg) than calves from CON dams. Blood glucose concentration in OVE calves had a more pronounced increase between 0 and 2 d than CON, at which point phagocytosis by PMN averaged 85% in OVE and 62% in CON. Compared with CON, calves from OVE had greater expression of TLR4, but lower expression of PPARA and PPARD at birth. Expression of PPARG and RXRA decreased between 0 and 2 d in both groups. Concentrations of leptin, cholesterol, ceruloplasmin, reactive oxygen metabolites, myeloperoxidase, retinol, tocopherol, IgG, and total protein, as well as expression of SOD2 and SELL increased markedly by 2 d in both groups; whereas, cortisol, albumin, acid-soluble protein, NEFA, insulin, as well as expression of IL6, TLR4, IL1R2, LTC4S, and ALOX5 decreased by 2 d. By 7 d of age, the concentration of haptoglobin was greater than precolostrum and was lower for OVE than CON calves. Our data provide evidence for a carry-over effect of maternal energy overfeeding during the last 3 wk before calving on some measurements of metabolism in the calf at birth and the phagocytic capacity of blood neutrophils after colostrum feeding. It might be feasible to design nutrient supplements to fortify colostrum in a way that metabolic and immunologic capabilities of the calf are improved.
The physiologic status of an individual may influence biomarkers of nutritional status. To help researchers with planning studies and interpreting data, we assessed the associations between common physiologic variables (fasting, inflammation, renal function, and pregnancy) and 29 biomarkers of diet and nutrition measured in blood or urine in a representative sample of the adult U.S. population (aged ≥ 20 y; pregnancy variable and iron indicators limited to women aged 20-49 y) participating in NHANES 2003-2006. We compared simple linear regression (model 1) with multiple linear regression [model 2, controlling for age, sex, race-ethnicity, smoking, supplement use, and the physiologic factors (and urine creatinine for urine biomarkers)] and report significant findings from model 2. Not being fasted was positively associated with most water-soluble vitamins (WSVs) and related metabolites (RMs). Some WSV, fat-soluble vitamin (FSV) and micronutrient (MN), and phytoestrogen concentrations were lower in the presence of inflammation (C-reactive protein ≥ 5 mg/L), whereas fatty acids and most iron indicators were higher. Most WSVs and RMs were higher when renal function was impaired [estimated glomerular filtration rate <60 mL/(min · 1.73 m(2))]. Most WSV, FSV and MN, and fatty acid concentrations were higher in pregnant compared with nonpregnant women, but vitamins A and B-12 and most iron indicators were lower. The estimated changes in biomarker concentrations with different physiologic status were mostly small to moderate (≤ 25%) and generally similar between models; renal function, however, showed several large differences for WSV and RM concentrations. This descriptive analysis of associations between physiologic variables and a large number of nutritional biomarkers showed that controlling for demographic variables, smoking, and supplement use generally did not change the interpretation of bivariate results. The analysis serves as a useful basis for more complex future research.
Many antihypertensive medications and lifestyle changes are proven to reduce blood pressure. Over the past few decades, numerous additional modalities have been evaluated in regard to their potential blood pressure-lowering abilities. However, these nondietary, nondrug treatments, collectively called alternative approaches, have generally undergone fewer and less rigorous trials. This American Heart Association scientific statement aims to summarize the blood pressure-lowering efficacy of several alternative approaches and to provide a class of recommendation for their implementation in clinical practice based on the available level of evidence from the published literature. Among behavioral therapies, Transcendental Meditation (Class IIB, Level of Evidence B), other meditation techniques (Class III, Level of Evidence C), yoga (Class III, Level of Evidence C), other relaxation therapies (Class III, Level of Evidence B), and biofeedback approaches (Class IIB, Level of Evidence B) generally had modest, mixed, or no consistent evidence demonstrating their efficacy. Between the noninvasive procedures and devices evaluated, device-guided breathing (Class IIA, Level of Evidence B) had greater support than acupuncture (Class III, Level of Evidence B). Exercise-based regimens, including aerobic (Class I, Level of Evidence A), dynamic resistance (Class IIA, Level of Evidence B), and isometric handgrip (Class IIB, Level of Evidence C) modalities, had relatively stronger supporting evidence. It is the consensus of the writing group that it is reasonable for all individuals with blood pressure levels >120/80 mm Hg to consider trials of alternative approaches as adjuvant methods to help lower blood pressure when clinically appropriate. A suggested management algorithm is provided, along with recommendations for prioritizing the use of the individual approaches in clinical practice based on their level of evidence for blood pressure lowering, risk-to-benefit ratio, potential ancillary health benefits, and practicality in a real-world setting. Finally, recommendations for future research priorities are outlined.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Light-to-moderate alcohol consumption has been proposed to raise serum adiponectin levels, but this view is controversial. There is little information on the effect of heavy drinking. The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between alcohol consumption and serum adiponectin levels in healthy Koreans. SUBJECTS/METHODS: The design of the study was cross-sectional, using data from the Korean Multi-Rural Communities Cohort Study (MRCohort), which is a part of the Korean Genome Epidemiology Study (KoGES). The subjects were 1542 individuals (635 men and 907 women) aged ≥ 40 years who were recruited in Yangpyeong-Gun, Kyunggi province, South Korea, in 2005 and 2006. Daily alcohol consumption was calculated from average frequency of alcohol consumption and the amount of alcohol consumed per occasion using a structured questionnaire and serum adiponectin levels were measured. RESULTS: Although adiponectin levels appeared to be higher in those consuming moderate levels of alcohol than in nondrinkers, the difference was not statistically significant. Heavy drinking (≥ 90.0 g/day) was significantly related to reduced serum adiponectin levels (P=0.003), although the significance of the relationship was reduced after adjusting for potential confounders (P=0.061) such as age, waist/hip ratio, blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, current smoker, higher education, protein intake, vitamin C intake and vitamin E intake in men. The relation seemed to be stronger in individuals consuming alcohol in the form of takju (Korean rice wine; P=0.022). CONCLUSIONS: Heavy alcohol drinking (≥ 90.0 g/day) may be related to lower serum adiponectin levels in Korean men. 
Epidemiological studies consistently find that diets rich in whole-grain (WG) cereals lead to decreased risk of disease compared with refined grain (RG)-based diets. Aside from a greater amount of fiber and micronutrients, possible mechanisms for why WGs may be beneficial for health remain speculative. In an exploratory, randomized, researcher-blinded, crossover trial, we measured metabolic profile differences between healthy participants eating a diet based on WGs compared with a diet based on RGs. Seventeen healthy adult participants (11 female, 6 male) consumed a controlled diet based on either WG-rich or RG-rich foods for 2 wk, followed by the other diet after a 5-wk washout period. Both diets were the same except for the use of WG (150 g/d) or RG foods. The metabolic profiles of plasma, urine, and fecal water were measured using (1)H-nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (plasma only). After 1 wk of intervention, the WG diet led to decreases in urinary excretion of metabolites related to protein catabolism (urea, methylguanadine), lipid (carnitine and acylcarnitines) and gut microbial (4-hydroxyphenylacetate, trimethylacetate, dimethylacetate) metabolism in men compared with the same time point during the RG intervention. There were no differences between the interventions after 2 wk. Urinary urea, carnitine, and acylcarnitine were lower at wk 1 of the WG intervention relative to the RG intervention in all participants. Fecal water short-chain fatty acids acetate and butyrate were relatively greater after the WG diet compared to the RG diet. Although based on a small population and for a short time period, these observations suggest that a WG diet may affect protein metabolism.
Isoflavones have been associated with lower cardiovascular disease risk, but existing research focused on very high isoflavone intakes, as seen in Asian populations, as well as on risk factor reductions primarily in postmenopausal women. We investigated whether habitual low isoflavone intake among premenopausal women was associated with serum C-reactive protein (CRP) concentration, a commonly used biomarker associated with prediction of cardiovascular disease risk in healthy women. Between 2005 and 2007, 259 healthy, regularly menstruating women were enrolled in the BioCycle Study, and followed for up to 2 menstrual cycles. CRP was measured in serum at up to 16 clinic visits, timed to phases of the women's menstrual cycle. Diet was assessed up to 4 times per cycle by using 24-h recalls. Marginal structural models with inverse probability of exposure weights estimated the association between CRP and quartiles of isoflavone intake adjusted for age, race, BMI, cycle phase, total energy intake, total fiber, total whole grains, and phase-specific hormone concentrations including estradiol, progesterone, luteinizing hormone, and follicle-stimulating hormone. Compared with the lowest quartile of total isoflavone intake, women in the highest quartile had, on average, 27% lower serum CRP concentrations (95% CI: -35, -21%). Our results suggest that dietary isoflavone intakes at levels characteristic of the U.S. population are associated with decreased serum CRP concentrations, a factor associated with beneficial effects on inflammation, and subsequently may have the potential to improve health status among young women.
Total daily intakes of diethyl phthalate (DEP), di(n-butyl) phthalate (DnBP), di(isobutyl) phthalate (DiBP), butyl benzyl phthalate (BBzP) and di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) were calculated from phthalate metabolite levels measured in the urine of 431 Danish children between 3 and 6 years of age. For each child the intake attributable to exposures in the indoor environment via dust ingestion, inhalation and dermal absorption were estimated from the phthalate levels in the dust collected from the child's home and daycare center. Based on the urine samples, DEHP had the highest total daily intake (median: 4.42 µg/d/kg-bw) and BBzP the lowest (median: 0.49 µg/d/kg-bw). For DEP, DnBP and DiBP, exposures to air and dust in the indoor environment accounted for approximately 100%, 15% and 50% of the total intake, respectively, with dermal absorption from the gas-phase being the major exposure pathway. More than 90% of the total intake of BBzP and DEHP came from sources other than indoor air and dust. Daily intake of DnBP and DiBP from all exposure pathways, based on levels of metabolites in urine samples, exceeded the Tolerable Daily Intake (TDI) for 22 and 23 children, respectively. Indoor exposures resulted in an average daily DiBP intake that exceeded the TDI for 14 children. Using the concept of relative cumulative Tolerable Daily Intake (TDI(cum)), which is applicable for phthalates that have established TDIs based on the same health endpoint, we examined the cumulative total exposure to DnBP, DiBP and DEHP from all pathways; it exceeded the tolerable levels for 30% of the children. From the three indoor pathways alone, several children had a cumulative intake that exceeded TDI(cum). Exposures to phthalates present in the air and dust indoors meaningfully contribute to a child's total intake of certain phthalates. Such exposures, by themselves, may lead to intakes exceeding current limit values.
Although robust associations between dietary intake and population health are evident from conventional observational epidemiology, the outcomes of large-scale intervention studies testing the causality of those links have often proved inconclusive or have failed to demonstrate causality. This apparent conflict may be due to the well-recognised difficulty in measuring habitual food intake which may lead to confounding in observational epidemiology. Urine biomarkers indicative of exposure to specific foods offer information supplementary to the reliance on dietary intake self-assessment tools, such as FFQ, which are subject to individual bias. Biomarker discovery strategies using non-targeted metabolomics have been used recently to analyse urine from either short-term food intervention studies or from cohort studies in which participants consumed a freely-chosen diet. In the latter, the analysis of diet diary or FFQ information allowed classification of individuals in terms of the frequency of consumption of specific diet constituents. We review these approaches for biomarker discovery and illustrate both with particular reference to two studies carried out by the authors using approaches combining metabolite fingerprinting by MS with supervised multivariate data analysis. In both approaches, urine signals responsible for distinguishing between specific foods were identified and could be related to the chemical composition of the original foods. When using dietary data, both food distinctiveness and consumption frequency influenced whether differential dietary exposure could be discriminated adequately. We conclude that metabolomics methods for fingerprinting or profiling of overnight void urine, in particular, provide a robust strategy for dietary exposure biomarker-lead discovery. 
BACKGROUND: Diet in the first 2 y of life may be a pivotal period regarding effects on future blood pressure (BP). However, data on early-life diet and BP in childhood are sparse. OBJECTIVE: We prospectively assessed associations between types of diet spanning infancy and toddlerhood (ie, transition diets across the complementary feeding period) and BP at age 7.5 y. DESIGN: In a birth cohort study (Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children; United Kingdom), a total of 1229 children had complete dietary intake data at 6, 15, and 24 mo; BP data at 7.5 y of age; and all 18 covariables. RESULTS: Of the 2 transition diets that were extracted by using principal components analysis, the less-healthy diet was associated with an increase in systolic BP of 0.62 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.00, 1.24 mm Hg) and an increase in diastolic BP of 0.55 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.10, 1.00 mm Hg) for every one-unit (SD) increase in the less-healthy-diet score after adjustment for 15 potential confounders, including maternal characteristics and sociodemographic factors, birth variables, and breastfeeding duration. In contrast with systolic BP, the positive association between the less-healthy transition-diet score and diastolic BP persisted after additional adjustment for child body-size factors [height, body mass index (BMI), and waist circumference] at 7.5 y. CONCLUSIONS: A less-healthy transition diet by age 2 y was associated with higher BP at 7.5 y. The BMI-related reduction in effect size reinforces the importance of BMI on the diet-BP relation. 
CONTEXT: Nutritional prevention of bone deterioration with fortified foods seems particularly suitable in institutionalized elderly women at risk of vitamin D deficiency, secondary hyperparathyroidism, increased bone resorption, and osteoporotic fracture. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to evaluate whether fortification of yogurts with vitamin D and calcium exerts an additional lowering effect on serum PTH and bone resorption markers as compared with isocaloric and isoprotein dairy products in elderly women. DESIGN: A randomized double-blind controlled-trial, 56-day intervention was conducted in institutionalized women (mean age 85.5 years) consuming 2 125-g servings of either vitamin D- and calcium-fortified yogurt (FY) at supplemental levels of 10 μg/d vitamin D₃ and 800 mg/d calcium or nonfortified control yogurt (CY) providing 280 mg/d calcium. MAIN OUTCOMES: The endpoints were serum changes from baseline (day 0) to day 28 and day 56 in 25-hydroxyvitamin-D (25OHD), PTH, and bone resorption markers tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase isoform-5b (TRAP5b), the primary outcome, and carboxyl-terminal cross-linked telopeptide of type I collagen (CTX). RESULTS: At day 56, serum 25OHD increased (mean ± SEM) by 25.3 ± 1.8 vs 5.2 ± 2.5 nmol/L in FY (n = 29) and CY (n = 27), respectively (P < .0001). The corresponding changes in PTH were -28.6% ± 7.2% vs -8.0% ± 4.3% (P = .0003); in TRAP5b, -21.9% ± 4.3% vs 3.0% ± 3.2% (P < .0001); and in CTX, -11.0% ± 9.7% vs -3.0% ± 4.1% (P = .0146), in FY and CY, respectively. At day 28, these differences were less pronounced but already significant for 25OHD, PTH, and TRAP5b. CONCLUSIONS: This study in institutionalized elderly at high risk for osteoporotic fracture suggests that fortification of dairy products with vitamin D₃ and calcium provides a greater prevention of accelerated bone resorption as compared with nonfortified equivalent foods. 
Aflatoxin B1 is a persistent public health issue in Ghana. Assessment of AFB1 intervention efficacy is currently dependent on long-term biomarkers. This study was designed to determine whether daily AFM1 biomarker levels could be utilized as an early detection method for intervention efficacy. Participants were treated with a refined calcium montmorillonite clay (UPSN) or a placebo (calcium carbonate) in a crossover study. Urine samples were assessed for AFM1 levels daily. UPSN treatment reduced AFM1 biomarkers by 55% compared to the placebo. This is the first study to show that daily urinary AFM1 levels can be used as a biomarker of internal aflatoxin B1 exposure in short-term intervention trials to determine efficacy.
OBJECTIVE: We examined associations between access to food venues (farmers’ markets and supermarkets), shopping patterns, fruit and vegetable consumption and health indicators among women of reproductive age in eastern North Carolina, U.S.A. DESIGN: Access to food venues was measured using a Geographic Information System incorporating distance, seasonality and business hours, to quantify access to farmers’ markets. Produce consumption was assessed by self-report of eating five or more fruits and vegetables daily. BMI and blood pressure were assessed by clinical measurements. Poisson regression with robust variance was used for dichotomous outcomes and multiple linear regression was used for continuous outcomes. As the study occurred in a university town and university students are likely to have different shopping patterns from non-students, we stratified analyses by student status. SETTING: Eastern North Carolina. SUBJECTS: Low-income women of reproductive age (18–44 years) with valid address information accessing family planning services at a local health department (n 400). RESULTS: Over a quarter reported ever shopping at farmers’ markets (114/400). A larger percentage of women who shopped at farmers’ markets consumed five or more fruits and vegetables daily (42.1%) than those who did not (24.0%; P < 0.001). The mean objectively measured distance to the farmers’ markets where women reported shopping was 11.4 (SD 9.0) km (7.1 (SD 5.6) miles), while the mean distance to the farmers’ market closest to the residence was 4.0 (SD 3.7) km (2.5 (SD 2.3) miles). CONCLUSIONS: Among non-students, those who shopped at farmers’ markets were more likely to consume five or more servings of fruits and vegetables daily. Future research should further explore potential health benefits of farmers’ markets. 
BACKGROUND: Vitamin D may affect the severity of HCV-related liver disease. AIM: To examine the association between serum vitamin D levels and advanced liver disease in a multiethnic US cohort of HCV patients, and account for dietary and supplemental intake. METHODS: We measured serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels and used FibroSURE-ActiTest to assess hepatic pathology in a cohort of HCV-infected male veterans. We estimated and adjusted for daily intake of vitamin D from diet using a Dietary History Questionnaire, and dispensed prescriptions prior to study enrolment. We used race-stratified logistic regression analyses to evaluate the relationship between serum vitamin D levels and risk of advanced fibrosis (F3/F4-F4) and advanced inflammation (A2/A3-A3). RESULTS: A total of 163 African American (AA) and 126 White non-Hispanics were studied. Overall, ~44% of AAs and 15% of Whites were vitamin D deficient (<12 ng/mL) or insufficient (12-19 ng/mL); 4% of AAs and 9% of White patients had an elevated level (>50 ng/mL). Among AAs, patients with elevated serum vitamin D levels had significantly higher odds of advanced fibrosis (OR = 12.91, P = 0.03) than those with normal levels. In contrast, AAs with insufficient or deficient levels had > two-fold excess risk of advanced inflammation (P = 0.06). Among White males there was no association between vitamin D levels and advanced fibrosis (F3/F4-F4) or inflammation (A2/A3-A3) risk. CONCLUSIONS: We observed potential differences in the association between vitamin D levels and degree of HCV-related hepatic fibrosis between White and African American males. Additional research is necessary to confirm that high serum vitamin D levels may be associated with advanced fibrosis risk in African American males, and to evaluate whether racial differences exist in HCV-infected females. 
OBJECTIVE: The interplay of genetic and nutritional regulation of the insulin-like growth factor-I axis in children is unclear. Therefore, potential gene-nutrient effects on serum levels of the IGF-I axis in a formula feeding trial were studied. DESIGN: European multicenter randomized clinical trial of 1090 term, formula-fed infants assigned to receive cow's milk-based infant and follow-on formulae with lower (LP: 1.25 and 1.6 g/100 mL) or higher (HP: 2.05 and 3.2 g/100 mL) protein contents for the first 12 months of life; a comparison group of 588 breastfed infants (BF) was included. Eight single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of the IGF-1-(rs6214, rs1520220, rs978458, rs7136446, rs10735380, rs2195239, rs35767, and rs35766) and two of the IGFBP-3-(rs1496495, rs6670) gene were analyzed. Serum levels of total and free IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and the molar ratio IGF-1/IGFBP-3 at age 6 months were regressed on determined SNPs and feeding groups in 501 infants. RESULTS: IGF-1-SNPs rs1520220, rs978458, and rs2195239 significantly increased total-IGF-I and molar-ratio IGF-I/IGFBP-3 by ~1.3 ng/mL and ~1.3 per allele, respectively; compared to LP infants concentration and molar-ratio were increased in HP by ~1.3 ng/mL and ~1.3 and decreased in BF infants by ~0.6 ng/mL and ~0.6, respectively. IGFBP-3 was only affected by the BF group with ~450 ng/mL lower levels than the LP group. No gene-feeding-group interaction was detected for any SNP, even without correction for multiple testing. CONCLUSIONS: Variants of the IGF-1-gene play an important role in regulating serum levels of the IGF-I axis but there is no gene-protein-interaction. The predominant nutritional regulation of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 gives further evidence that higher protein intake contributes to metabolic programming of growth. 
BACKGROUND: Excess adiposity and dietary factors may be important determinants of urinary albumin excretion (UAE). STUDY DESIGN: Observational analysis of PREMIER, a randomized trial designed to lower blood pressure using behavioral interventions (counseling on weight loss, healthy diet, and exercise). SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: 481 participants with normal kidney function who provided adequate 24-hour urine collections at baseline and 6 months. PREDICTORS: Change in waist circumference; 24-hour urine sodium, potassium, and phosphorus excretion; and protein intake estimated from urea nitrogen. OUTCOMES & MEASUREMENTS: The primary outcome was change in log-transformed 24-hour UAE over 6 months. RESULTS: After 6 months, the proportion of individuals with UAE ≥10 mg/d decreased from 18.7% to 12.7% (P < 0.001). Changes in mean waist circumference (-4.2 ± 6.6 [SD] cm), 24-hour excretion of sodium (-28.2 ± 71.7 mmol/d), potassium (+8.4 ± 27.8 mmol/d), phosphorus (-27.7 ± 314.1 mg/d), and protein intake (-1.7 ± 19.4 g/d) were observed. After adjustment for relevant covariates, the following variables were associated significantly with reduction in ln(UAE) in separate models: decrease in waist circumference (P = 0.001), decrease in 24-hour urine phosphorus excretion (P < 0.001), and decrease in protein intake (P = 0.01). In a multivariable model including these 3 predictors, decreases in waist circumference (P = 0.002) and 24-hour urine phosphorus excretion (P = 0.03), but not change in protein intake (P = 0.5), remained associated significantly with reduction in ln(UAE). These associations remained significant even after adjustment for changes in blood pressure and insulin resistance. Baseline UAE and metabolic syndrome modified the relationship of waist circumference with ln(UAE); specifically, individuals with higher UAE and baseline metabolic syndrome experienced greater reductions in ln(UAE) from decreases in waist circumference. LIMITATIONS: Observational study with potential for confounding. CONCLUSIONS: In adults with normal kidney function, decreases in waist circumference and 24-hour urine phosphorus excretion are associated with reductions in UAE. These findings support the rationale for clinical trials to determine whether reducing dietary phosphorus intake or waist circumference could prevent chronic kidney disease or slow its progression. 
Calorie restriction (CR) without malnutrition increases lifespan and produces significant improvements in biomarkers of metabolic health. The improvements are attributable in part to effects of CR on energy balance, which limit fat accumulation by restricting energy intake. Normal age-associated increases in adiposity and insulin resistance are associated with development of a systemic proinflammatory state, while chronic CR limits fat deposition and expression of inflammatory markers. Dietary methionine restriction (MR) has emerged as an effective CR mimetic because it produces a comparable extension in lifespan. MR also reduces adiposity through a compensatory increase in energy expenditure that effectively limits fat accumulation, but essentially nothing is known about the effects of MR on systemic inflammation. Here, we review the relationships between these two interventions and discuss their transcriptional impact. In addition, using tissues from rats after long-term consumption of CR or MR diets, transcriptional profiling was used to examine retrospectively the systems biology of 59 networks of molecules annotated to inflammation. Transcriptional effects of both diets occurred primarily in white adipose tissue and liver, and the responses to MR were far more robust than those to CR. The primary transcriptional targets of MR in both liver and white adipose tissue were phagocytes and macrophages, where expression of genes associated with immune cell infiltration and quantity was reduced. These findings support the conclusion that anti-inflammatory responses produced by CR and MR are not strictly dependent upon reduced adiposity but are significantly influenced by the metabolic mechanisms through which energy balance is altered.
Flavonoids are a class of plant secondary metabolites and among thousands of flavonoids few are considered as dietary flavonoids. Serum albumin (SA), the most abundant protein in plasma, functions as the most important carrier of vital drugs, including dietary flavonoids. The binding affinity of dietary flavonoids to SA is demonstrated to be governed by structure-affinity relationship (SAR) and its bioavailability. The present review summarizes the interactions of flavonoids categorized as flavanol, flavonol, flavone, isoflavone, flavanones, and anthocyanidins with SAs (bovine serum albumin and human serum albumin) in light of SAR. The key findings are: (1) the position and degree of hydroxylation highly influence the affinity of flavonoids to SAs, (2) glycosylation decreases and substitution of methoxy group increases the affinity of flavonoids for SAs, (3) catechin gallates have higher binding affinity to SAs than catechins and gallocatechins, (4) inorganic metal ions modulate the binding affinity of flavonoids to SAs, and (5) hydrophobic interaction plays a major role in the interactions of all flavonoids with SAs. 
BACKGROUND: It has been found that the expression of fatty acid binding protein 2 (FABP2) mRNA is under dietary control. This polymorphism was associated with high insulin resistance, and fasting insulin concentrations. OBJECTIVE: The aim of our study was to investigate the influence of Thr54 polymorphism in the FABP2 gene on metabolic response, weight loss and serum adipokine levels secondary to a high monounsaturated fat hypocaloric diet. DESIGN: A sample of 122 obese patients was analyzed in a prospective way. The hypocaloric diet had 1342 kcal, 46.6% of carbohydrates, 34.1% of lipids and 19.2% of proteins, with a 67.5% of monounsaturated fats, and lasted 3 months. RESULTS: Fifty-five patients (45.1%) had the genotype Ala54/Ala54 (wild group) and 67 (64.9%) patients a mutant genotype, Ala54/Thr54 (54 patients, 44.3%) or Thr54/Thr54 (13 patients, 10.7%). In wild group, body mass index (-1.5±1.2 kg/m2), weight (-4.1±3.6 kg), fat mass (-3.6±3.3 kg), waist circumference (-4.9±2.9 cm), insulin (-1.7±3.6 mUI/l), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (-0.6±1.8 units) and leptin levels decreased (-7.6±7.1 ng/ml). In mutant group, anthropometric parameters improved, without changes in biochemical parameters. CONCLUSION: Carriers of Thr54 allele have a different response than wild type obese, with a lack of decrease of insulin levels, leptin levels and HOMA-IR. 
The extent to which persistent organic pollutants (POPs) with different physicochemical properties originated from the food (dietary input) was assessed in raptor nestlings. Lipophilic polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) 153, 1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene (p,p'-DDE), and hexachlorobenzene (HCB), and protein-bound perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS), were measured repeatedly in blood plasma of individual goshawk (Accipiter gentilis) and white-tailed eagle (Haliaeetus albicilla) nestlings, 1 to 3 wk after hatching and near fledging. Maternally derived POPs dilute as nestlings grow (growth dilution), and increasing plasma concentrations would indicate dietary input. First, plasma concentrations given no dietary input were estimated, and concentrations of p,p'-DDE, HCB, and notably PFOS were significantly higher than predicted from a growth-dilution scenario (approximately 1.5-fold to 2.5-fold higher; p < 0.001). In contrast, PCB 153 declined in both species, although concentrations were still higher than predicted in white-tailed eagle nestlings (p < 0.05). Second, the relationships between plasma POP concentrations and trophic position (δ(15) N) and dietary carbon source (δ(13) C) were analyzed, controlling for growth rate. Both δ(15) N and δ(13) C (measured in body feathers) were significantly associated to the accumulation of most POPs, except PFOS. In conclusion, pollutant data acquired in plasma of nestling raptors should be interpreted and further investigated in the light of individual feeding ecology, and the use of raptor nestlings as sentinels for POP monitoring could be optimized by correcting for different factors such as body condition, brood size, and age.
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: The aim was to validate the Italian version of the Incontinence-Quality of Life questionnaire (I-QoL) in women with clinical and urodynamic urinary incontinence (UI). A secondary end point was to compare the results of women with reported UI, but negative urodynamic findings. METHODS: The Italian translation of the I-QoL was administered to 267 Italian women with pelvic organ prolapse < stage III, and who had undergone previous surgical or medical therapy for UI. Cronbach's alpha was calculated to assess internal consistency of the I-QoL items. Reproducibility was assessed using the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC). Convergent validity involved comparison of I-QoL scores and the Short Form-36 Health questionnaire. RESULTS: One hundred and sixty-seven patients were considered for the primary end point: 47 had a negative history of UI and a normal urodynamic test, 120 complained of UI confirmed by a urodynamic test, 59 had a positive history for UI and a urodynamic test negative for UI, and 35 patients not reporting UI had a positive urodynamic test. The I-QoL score revealed that the QoL was lower in patients with reported UI, irrespective of urodynamic findings. The overall I-QoL summary score and subscales showed high internal consistency (alpha ranges from 0.88 to 0.96). ICC ranged from 0.98 to 0.99, demonstrating the stability of the scores. The physical domain of the I-QoL showed a 0.27 correlation with the physical functioning subscale of the SF-36. No significant difference in I-QoL scores was found among various types of UI. CONCLUSION: The Italian translated version of the I-QoL is reliable, consistent and a valid instrument for assessing impact on quality of life in Italian speaking women with UI. 
Little is known about the relation of modifiable dietary factors to circulating homocysteine concentrations, particularly in young adults and non-Western populations. We investigated the hypothesis that intakes of nutrients and foods are associated with serum homocysteine concentration in a group of young Japanese women. This cross-sectional study included 1050 female Japanese dietetic students aged 18 to 22 years. Dietary intake was assessed using a validated, self-administered, comprehensive diet history questionnaire. Fasting blood samples were collected, and serum homocysteine concentrations were measured. Adjustment was made for survey year, region, municipality level, current smoking, current alcohol drinking, dietary supplement use, physical activity, body mass index, energy intake, and intakes of other nutrients or foods. After adjustment for nondietary confounding factors, intakes of all B vitamins (folate, vitamin B-6, vitamin B-12, and riboflavin) were inversely associated with homocysteine concentration. However, only vitamin B-6 remained significant after further adjustment for other B vitamins. Marine-origin n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake showed an inverse association, but this was not independent of intakes of B vitamins. For foods, pulses, fish and shellfish, and vegetables were independently and inversely associated with homocysteine concentration, but these associations disappeared after adjustment for intakes of other foods. Conversely, an inverse association for dairy products and a positive association for green and oolong tea remained even after adjustment for other foods. To conclude, in a group of young Japanese women, higher intake of vitamin B-6 and dairy products and lower intake of green and oolong tea were independently associated with lower serum homocysteine concentration. 
OBJECTIVE: To develop a linguistically adapted and psychometrically validated Spanish version of the Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory and Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire Short Forms (PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7) to assess symptoms and quality of life in Spanish women with pelvic floor disorders. STUDY DESIGN: Cross-cultural linguistic adaptation was performed following the translation-backtranslation method in 30 native Spanish-speaking women with pelvic floor disorders to obtain PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7 Spanish versions. The psychometric properties were evaluated in 114 women with pelvic floor disorders. We calculated the reliability with the intraclass correlation coefficient and Cronbach's alpha coefficient, the validity with Spearman coefficient, the feasibility with the response rate and the filling time, and the ceiling and floor effects. RESULTS: Spanish versions of the PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7 achieved good semantic, conceptual, idiomatic and content equivalence. Concerning the psychometric validation, internal consistency was high with Cronbach's alpha coefficient of 0.837 (p<0.001) for PFDI-20 and 0.967 (p<0.001) for PFIQ-7. The test-retest reliability was 0.644 (p<0.001) for the PFDI-20 and 0.786 (p<0.001) for the PFIQ-7. Good construct validity was found with questionnaires: SF-12, EPIQ and ICIQ-SF. The average administration time was 10.1 (5.8)min for the PFDI-20, and 7.5 (4.7)min for the PFIQ-7. A ceiling effect was detected in the PFIQ-7 (25.4%). CONCLUSIONS: The PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7 Spanish versions showed semantic, conceptual, idiomatic and content equivalence with the original versions. Both instruments are reliable, valid and feasible to evaluate symptoms and quality of life in Spanish women with pelvic floor disorders. 
Humans are exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons PAHs from various occupational, dietary, environmental and medicinal sources. We measured 1 hydroxypyrene glucuronide 1 OHP gluc concentration in urines from male non smokers n = 50, smokers of blond tobacco n = 31, smokers of black tobacco n = 16, and pipe smokers n = 3 . Immunoaffinity chromatography was used as a preparative step and synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy as the quantitation method. The concentration of 1 OHP gluc in urine from smokers mean SE: 1.04 0.13 pmol ml-1 urine was significantly higher than in urine from non smokers 0.55 0.05 pmol ml-1 urine by the Wilcoxon rank sum test non smokers versus all smokers, p = 0.001; vs black tobacco smokers, p = 0.001; vs blond tobacco smokers, p = 0.007 . Urinary 1 OHP gluc concentration among subjects who had consumed roasted, grilled or broiled meat within the past 24 h was elevated compared with those who had not p = 0.025 . Multiple linear regression showed significant associations of urinary 1 OHP gluc with number of cigarettes smoked p = 0.002 and consumption of roasted, grilled or broiled meat p = 0.028 . Systemic CYP1A2 activity estimated by caffeine metabolism was significantly correlated with urinary 1 OHP gluc concentration. However, this association was probably due to cigarette smoking, since adjusting for cigarette smoking by multiple linear regression made the association between urinary 1 OHP gluc and CYP1A2 phenotype non significant. These results further support the use of urinary 1 OHP gluc as a biomarker of recent pyrene exposure through inhalation or diet. 
Red meat and dairy products contain high sialic acid (Sia) levels, but the metabolic fate and health impact in children remain unknown. The aims of the present study were to quantify the levels of urinary Sia N-acetylneuraminic acid (Neu5Ac), N-glycolylneuraminic acid (Neu5Gc) and ketodeoxynonulosonic acid (KDN) and to determine their relationship with dietary Sia intake. Spot urine samples were collected from 386 healthy children aged 3 (n 108), 4 (n 144) and 5 (n 134) years at 06.30-07.00, 11.30-12.00 and 16.30-17.00 hours. Food intake levels were recorded on the day of urine sample collection. Sia levels were quantified using LC-MS/MS with [13C3]Sia as an internal standard. We found that (1) total urinary Sia levels in healthy pre-school children ranged from 40 to 79 mmol Sia/mol creatinine; (2) urinary Sia levels were independent of age and consisted of conjugated Neu5Ac (approximately 70·8 %), free Neu5Ac (approximately 21·3 %), conjugated KDN (approximately 4·2 %) and free KDN (approximately 3·7 %); Neu5Gc was detected in the urine of only one 4-year-old girl; (3) total urinary Sia levels were highest in the morning and declined over time in 4- and 5-year-old children (P< 0·05), but not in 3-year-old children; (4) Sia intake levels at breakfast and lunch were approximately 2·5 and 0·16 mg Sia/kg body weight; and (5) there was no significant correlation between dietary Sia intake levels and urinary Sia levels. Urinary Sia levels varied with age and time of day, but did not correlate with Sia intake in 3- to 5-year-old children. The difference in urinary Sia levels in children of different age groups suggests that the metabolism and utilisation rates of dietary Sia are age dependent. 
BACKGROUND: Though several questionnaires on self-care and regimen adherence have been introduced, the evaluations do not always report consistent and substantial correlations with measures of glycaemic control. Small ability to explain variance in HbA1c constitutes a significant limitation of an instrument's use for scientific purposes as well as clinical practice. In order to assess self-care activities which can predict glycaemic control, the Diabetes Self-Management Questionnaire (DSMQ) was designed. METHODS: A 16 item questionnaire to assess self-care activities associated with glycaemic control was developed, based on theoretical considerations and a process of empirical improvements. Four subscales, 'Glucose Management' (GM), 'Dietary Control' (DC), 'Physical Activity' (PA), and 'Health-Care Use' (HU), as well as a 'Sum Scale' (SS) as a global measure of self-care were derived. To evaluate its psychometric quality, 261 patients with type 1 or 2 diabetes were assessed with the DSMQ and an established analogous scale, the Summary of Diabetes Self-Care Activities Measure (SDSCA). The DSMQ's item and scale characteristics as well as factorial and convergent validity were analysed, and its convergence with HbA1c was compared to the SDSCA. RESULTS: The items showed appropriate characteristics (mean item-total-correlation: 0.46 ± 0.12; mean correlation with HbA1c: -0.23 ± 0.09). Overall internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha) was good (0.84), consistencies of the subscales were acceptable (GM: 0.77; DC: 0.77; PA: 0.76; HU: 0.60). Principal component analysis indicated a four factor structure and confirmed the designed scale structure. Confirmatory factor analysis indicated appropriate fit of the four factor model. The DSMQ scales showed significant convergent correlations with their parallel SDSCA scales (GM: 0.57; DC: 0.52; PA: 0.58; HU: n/a; SS: 0.57) and HbA1c (GM: -0.39; DC: -0.30; PA: -0.15; HU: -0.22; SS: -0.40). All correlations with HbA1c were significantly stronger than those obtained with the SDSCA. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides preliminary evidence that the DSMQ is a reliable and valid instrument and enables an efficient assessment of self-care behaviours associated with glycaemic control. The questionnaire should be valuable for scientific analyses as well as clinical use in both type 1 and type 2 diabetes patients. 
Although n-3 (ω-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are considered anti-inflammatory components, the role of dietary n-6 PUFAs in inflammation remains controversial. Some mechanistic evidence suggests vitamin E as a potential effect modifier in the relationship between PUFAs and inflammation. Our objectives were to evaluate the long-term associations between dietary intakes of PUFAs and elevated plasma C-reactive protein (CRP) and to investigate potential effect modification by vitamin E. Individuals in the placebo group of the SU.VI.MAX trial who had available CRP measurements in 2007-2009 were included in the study (n = 843). Dietary intakes of n-3 PUFAs, n-6 PUFAs, and vitamin E were assessed in 1994-1996 with at least 6 dietary records. The logistic regression OR for elevated CRP (>3 mg/L) and 95% CI were estimated for individual PUFAs and for total n-3 and n-6 PUFA intakes. Models were adjusted for sociodemographical, lifestyle, anthropometric, and dietary variables. Interactions with vitamin E intakes were also assessed. Inverse associations were observed between intakes of total n-3 PUFAs [α-linolenic acid (ALA; 18:3n-3), ALA + eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5n-3), EPA + docosapentaenoic acid (DPA; 22:5n-3), DPA + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n-3)] and n-6 PUFA [linoleic acid (18:2n-6) + arachidonic acid (20:4n-6)] and elevated CRP (OR for tertile 3 vs. tertile 1 of intake: 0.41; 95% CI: 0.21, 0.77; P-trend = 0.01; and OR 0.38; 95% CI: 0.21, 0.70; P-trend = 0.002, respectively). Stratification on vitamin E intakes showed that inverse associations between dietary n-3 and n-6 PUFA intakes and elevated CRP were substantial only in individuals with low intakes of vitamin E. Our results supported the contention that intakes of both n-3 and n-6 PUFAs are inversely associated with plasma CRP concentrations. Vitamin E is a potential effect modifier and should therefore be taken into account in such investigations. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00272428. 
Sodium intake is related to blood pressure, an established risk factor for heart disease and stroke. Reducing intake may save billions in United States health care dollars annually. Efforts targeting sodium reductions make accurate monitoring vital, yet limited information exists on the accuracy of the current data to assess sodium intake in the United States population. In this symposium, new findings were presented on the accuracy of estimating population 24-h urinary excretion of sodium from spot urine specimens or sodium intake from 24-h dietary recalls. Differences in accuracy by sex, BMI, and race were apparent as well as by timing of spot urine collections. Although some published equations appear promising for estimating group means, others are biased. Individual estimates of sodium intake were highly variable and adjustment for within-individual variation in intake is required for estimating population prevalence or percentiles. Estimates indicated United States sodium intake remains high. 
Accumulation of visceral fat, more so than subcutaneous fat, is strongly associated with severe metabolic complications. However, the factors regulating depot-specific adipogenesis are poorly understood. In this study, we show differential expression of pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A), a secreted regulator of local insulin-like growth factor (IGF) action, in adipose tissue of mice. PAPP-A mRNA expression was fivefold higher in visceral (mesenteric) fat compared with subcutaneous (inguinal, subscapular), perirenal, and brown fat of mice. To investigate the possible role of depot-specific PAPP-A expression in fat accumulation, wild-type (WT) and PAPP-A knockout (KO) mice were fed a high-fat diet (HFD) for up to 20 wk. Adipocyte size increased in subcutaneous and perirenal depots similarly in WT and PAPP-A KO mice. However, fat cell size and in vivo lipid uptake were significantly reduced in mesenteric fat of PAPP-A KO compared with WT mice. After 20 wk on HFD, phosphorylation of AKT, a downstream signaling intermediate of IGF-I and insulin receptor activation, was significantly decreased by 50% in mesenteric compared with subcutaneous fat in WT mice, but was significantly increased threefold in mesenteric compared with subcutaneous fat in PAPP-A KO mice. This appeared to be because of enhanced insulin-stimulated signaling in mesenteric fat of PAPP-A KO mice. These data establish fat depot-specific expression of PAPP-A and indicate preferential impact of PAPP-A deficiency on visceral fat in the mouse that is associated with enhanced insulin receptor signaling. Thus, PAPP-A may be a potential target for treatment and/or prevention strategies for visceral obesity and related morbidities.
BACKGROUND: Dietary intake might have important role in non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD). Although, there are some reports on dietary intake and anthropometrics measurements, few studies have focused on the markers of assessing whole diet like dietary quality indices. OBJECTIVES: Therefore, our aim was to determine the diet quality indices and biochemical parameters among patients with NAFLD and healthy individuals. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This case-control study was performed on 100 patients with NAFLD and 100 healthy subjects who were attending to Gastrointestinal Research Center, Baqiyatallah University, Tehran, Iran during the recent years. Usual dietary intake was assessed by three dietary records (one weekend and two week days). Healthy eating index (HEI), dietary diversity score (DDS), dietary energy density (DED), mean adequacy ratio of nutrients (MAR) were assessed according to the standard methods. RESULTS: Patients with NAFLD had higher body mass index, weight and waist circumference compared to the healthy group (P < 0.05). Serum levels of liver enzymes, triglyceride, LDL, BUN, and uric acid were higher in patients with NAFLD (P < 0.05). Although patients with NAFLD had higher energy, carbohydrate and fat intake, their values for antioxidant vitamins, calcium and vitamin D were lower than healthy subjects (P < 0.05). HEI and MAR were higher among healthy group, and DED was lower among them. Nutrient adequacy ratio for calcium, vitamin D, and antioxidant micronutrients were lower in patients with NAFLD (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: It seems that dietary quality indices may be associated with NAFLD. Calcium, vitamin D, and antioxidant micronutrients intake might be lower among patients with NAFLD based on this case-control study. Further prospective studies should be conducted in this regard. 
BACKGROUND: Osteoporotic fractures are a significant cause of morbidity and mortality, particularly in developed countries. Increasing peak bone mass in young people may be the most important primary prevention strategy to reduce the risk of osteoporosis. This study aimed to examine the relationship between dietary factors and physical activity on bone mineralization in young men. METHODS: Thirty-five healthy men aged 18-25 y had anthropometric measures, body composition, resting metabolic rate, blood pressure, blood lipids, food intake, physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness assessed. RESULTS: Participants who consumed more than 1000 mg/d of calcium were taller and had higher levels of whole body mineral content than participants who consumed less than 1000 mg/d of calcium. Similarly, participants who expended more than 20% of total daily energy engaged in moderate- to vigorous-intensity physical activity had higher cardiorespiratory fitness and higher levels of body mass adjusted bone mineral content than participants who did not meet this level of energy expenditure. There were no differences in blood pressure or blood lipids between participants in calcium or in physical activity energy expenditure categories. CONCLUSIONS: A high intake of dietary calcium and high daily energy expenditure engaged in moderate- to vigorous-intensity physical activity were positively associated with bone mineralization in young men, particularly in the lumbar region. 
Recent studies have raised concern over possible associations between high selenium (Se) status and excess adiposity, known to be linked to adverse cardiometabolic outcomes. Studies of Se status in relation to adiposity are scarce in the United Kingdom. This study examined cross-sectional associations of anthropometric indices with Se-status biomarkers in a nationally representative sample of 1045 (577 female, 468 male) British Caucasian adults ages 19-64 who participated in the 2000-2001 National Diet and Nutrition Survey. Median (first, third quartile) values for whole-blood glutathione peroxidase (GPx) activity and plasma and erythrocyte Se concentrations were 120.0 (103.0, 142.4) nmol mg Hb(-1) min(-1), 1.08 (0.98, 1.20) µmol/L, and 1.62 (1.38, 1.91) µmol/L, respectively. For males, values were 119.0 (100.0, 141.0) nmol mg Hb(-1) min(-1), 1.09 (0.99, 1.22) µmol/L, and 1.54 (1.34, 1.79) µmol/L, respectively; for females 121.0 (105.0, 145.0) nmol mg Hb(-1) min(-1), 1.07 (0.97, 1.18) µmol/L, and 1.71 (1.43, 1.99) µmol/L, respectively. Multivariate adjusted mean differences (95% CI) in whole-blood GPx between the highest (>30 kg/m(2)) and the lowest (<25 kg/m(2)) categories of body mass index and the highest (96.5-139.2 cm) and the lowest (52.2-78.1cm) quartiles of waist circumference (WC) were -7.9 (-13.2, -2.7) and -9.7 (-16.2, -3.2) nmol mg Hb(-1) min(-1), respectively. Difference (95% CI) in plasma Se between the third (87.5-96.4 cm) and the lowest quartiles of WC was -0.04 (-0.08, -0.03) µmol/L. Difference (95% CI) in red blood cell (RBC) Se between the highest (0.91-1.11) and the lowest (0.53-0.76) quartiles of waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) was 0.10 (0.00, 0.20) µmol/L. Similar results were observed in gender and menopausal-status subgroup analyses. The inverse association between plasma Se and WC and the positive association between RBC Se and WHR will need confirmation. The findings suggest associations between low whole-blood GPx activity and higher measures of general and central adiposity. Further experimental and randomized studies are needed to deduce the mechanisms and infer causality.
AIMS: There are conflicting data on microvascular complications in coexisting Type 1 diabetes and coeliac disease. We compared complications rates in youth with or without coeliac disease and examined the association between gluten-free diet adherence and complications. METHODS: This was a comparative study of adolescents (2510 without coeliac disease, 129 with coeliac disease); 60 (47%) did not adhere to a gluten-free diet--defined as elevated anti-tissue transglutaminase or endomysial immunoglobulin A titres. Retinopathy was detected using 7-field fundal photography and albumin excretion rate by timed overnight urine collections, with early elevation defined as albumin excretion rate ≥ 7.5 μg/min. Logistic regression was used to examine the association between complications and explanatory variables, including coeliac disease vs. no coeliac disease, gluten-free diet adherence vs. non-adherence, diabetes duration and HbA1c . RESULTS: Median age at last assessment was 16.5 years. Those with coeliac disease vs. those without were younger at diabetes diagnosis (7.1 vs. 8.6 years, P < 0.001) and had longer diabetes duration (9.3 vs. 7.2 years, P < 0.001). HbA1c was lower in those with coeliac disease vs. those without (67 vs. 70 mmol/mol, 8.3 vs. 8.6%, P = 0.04) and adherence to a gluten-free diet vs. non-adherence (66 vs. 72 mmol/mol, 8.2 vs. 8.7%, P = 0.003). There were no differences in complication rates between those with coeliac disease vs. those without (retinopathy 22 vs. 23%, elevated albumin excretion rate 31 vs. 28%). Non-adherence to a gluten-free diet was associated with elevated albumin excretion rate (40 vs. 23%, P = 0.04). In multivariable logistic regression, elevated albumin excretion rate was associated with non-adherence to a gluten-free diet (odds ratio 2.37, 95% CI 1.04-5.40, P = 0.04) and diabetes duration (odds ratio 1.13, 95% CI 1.02-1.25, P = 0.03), but not HbA1c . CONCLUSIONS: While glycaemic control is better in patients with coeliac disease, non-adherence to a gluten-free diet is associated with elevated albumin excretion rate. The possible protection of a gluten-free diet on complications warrants further investigation. 
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: In Germany, blood donors must complete a donor history questionnaire (DHQ). In 2011, a new standardized DHQ for Germany was proposed which included questions about sexual risk behaviour that raised concerns about acceptance by donors. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We assessed the acceptability and ease of use of the new DHQ in two German donor populations, by asking the donors to complete a paper survey evaluating the design and clarity of the questions of the new DHQ with a focus on the questions addressing sexual risk behaviour. RESULTS: In Greifswald, 2000 donors (mean age 32 ± 12 years) participated, and in Hagen 2088 donors (mean age 48 ± 14 years). Ratings between the two populations showed only minor differences. Donors reported that the questions in the new DHQ were understandable and clearly structured. Perception of comfort level with questions addressing sexual risk behaviour differed significantly depending on donor characteristics such as age, gender and educational level. Overall, the new DHQ seems to deter approximately 5% of potential donors from blood donation. CONCLUSION: The new DHQ was acceptable to the vast majority of donors. Potential donors who were older, male gender and less educated were most at risk of refusing to donate and may benefit from educational interventions. 
BACKGROUND: Soybean is termed a functional food because it contains bioactive compounds. However, its effects are not well known under unbalanced diet conditions. This work is aimed at evaluating the effect of adding whole soy flour to a cafeteria diet on intestinal histomorphometry, metabolic risk and toxicity markers in rats. METHODS: In this study, 30 male adult Wistar rats were used, distributed among three groups (n = 10): AIN-93 M diet, cafeteria diet (CAF) and cafeteria diet with soy flour (CAFS), for 56 days. The following parameters were measured: food intake; weight gain; serum concentrations of triglycerides, total cholesterol, HDL-c, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), aspartate (AST) and alanine (ALT) aminotransferases and Thiobarbituric Acid Reactive Substances (TBARS); humidity and lipid fecal content; weight and fat of the liver. The villous height, the crypt depth and the thickness of the duodenal and ileal circular and longitudinal muscle layers of the animals were also measured. RESULTS: There was a significant reduction in the food intake in the CAF group. The CAFS showed lower serum concentrations of triglycerides and serum TBARS and a lower percentage of hepatic fat, with a corresponding increase in thickness of the intestinal muscle layers. In the CAF group, an increase in the HbA1c, ALT, lipid excretion, liver TBARS and crypt depth, was observed associated with lower HDL-c and villous height. The addition of soy did not promote any change in these parameters. CONCLUSIONS: The inclusion of whole soy flour in a high-fat diet may be helpful in reducing some markers of metabolic risk; however, more studies are required to clarify its effects on unbalanced diets. 
OBJECTIVES: Studies indicate high sodium and low potassium intake can increase blood pressure suggesting the ratio of sodium-to-potassium may be informative. Yet, limited studies examine the association of the sodium-to-potassium ratio with blood pressure and hypertension. METHODS: We analyzed data on 10,563 participants aged ≥20 years in the 2005-2010 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey who were neither taking anti-hypertensive medication nor on a low sodium diet. We used measurement error models to estimate usual intakes, multivariable linear regression to assess their associations with blood pressure, and logistic regression to assess their associations with hypertension. RESULTS: The average usual intakes of sodium, potassium and sodium-to-potassium ratio were 3,569 mg/d, 2,745 mg/d, and 1.41, respectively. All three measures were significantly associated with systolic blood pressure, with an increase of 1.04 mmHg (95% CI, 0.27-1.82) and a decrease of 1.24 mmHg (95% CI, 0.31-2.70) per 1,000 mg/d increase in sodium or potassium intake, respectively, and an increase of 1.05 mmHg (95% CI, 0.12-1.98) per 0.5 unit increase in sodium-to-potassium ratio. The adjusted odds ratios for hypertension were 1.40 (95% CI, 1.07-1.83), 0.72 (95% CI, 0.53-0.97) and 1.30 (95% CI, 1.05-1.61), respectively, comparing the highest and lowest quartiles of usual intake of sodium, potassium or sodium-to-potassium ratio. CONCLUSIONS: Our results provide population-based evidence that concurrent higher sodium and lower potassium consumption are associated with hypertension. 
OBJECTIVE: In First Nations communities of northwestern Ontario, where rates of type 2 diabetes mellitus are some of the highest in the world, ascertaining wild food dietary practices is extremely challenging owing to seasonal availability, environmental factors, life circumstances and language/cultural barriers. The purpose of this study was to determine whether analysis of isotopic and fatty acid (FA) profiles could provide more comprehensive information to discriminate between three categories of wild food consumption (that is, plants and animals) in two isolated First Nations communities of northwestern Ontario. In addition, this analysis also highlights whether wild food consumption as practiced in these two communities can increase circulating levels of polyunsaturated FAs (PUFAs), which provide a number of important metabolic benefits that could impact the prevention/treatment of T2DM. RESULTS: (13)C enrichment (in expired CO2, plasma and hair), (15)N enrichment (in hair) and FA profiles in plasma phospholipids (phospholipid fatty acid (PL-FA)) were quantified in men and in women consuming various amounts of wild food. (13)C/(12)C ratios were lower and (15)N/(14)N ratios were higher in participants consuming wild food at least once a week. In addition, FA results indicated that the relative contributions of 20:4 Ω-6 and 22:6 Ω-3 to total PL-FAs were higher and 18:2 Ω-6 lower in wild food consumers. CONCLUSION: Together, these findings confirm that isotopic and lipid markers discriminate between the different wild food categories in these two First Nations communities. Knowing the close relationship between dietary intake and the potential role of PUFA in the prevention/treatment of obesity and obesity-related diseases, it is critical to accurately measure the composition of diet for individuals in their specific environments. 
The impact of aqueous leaf extract of Hybanthus enneaspermus (HEaq) on pregnancy factors and litter survival was investigated in Sprague Dawley (SD) rat. Control group received distilled water while the test group received 2g/kg body weight of HEaq orally. Blood samples were collected on days one and twenty of pregnancy for total blood count, serum thyroid hormone, thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) and thyrotropin releasing hormone (TRH) assay. Half the number of rats in each group was sacrificed on day nineteen of pregnancy and the placenta and foetus were removed and weighed. The second half carried their pregnancy to term. Number and weights of litter were recorded at birth and the litter were also subjected to righting reflex test. Post-natal survival rate was determined for each group while effect of HEaq was also examined in-vivo on the activities of pregnant myometrial muscle. HEaq significantly decreased (p<0.05) foetal weight, placenta weight, foetal growth and survival, number and weights of litter at birth, maternal serum triiodotyroxine T3 and TSH level. Mean corpuscular haemoglobin, white blood cell count, platelet count and lipid profile were significantly increased (P<0.05). HEaq increased the frequency and percentage contraction of gravid myometrial muscle in a dose dependent manner. Maternal consumption of aqueous leaf extract of Hybanthus enneaspermus adversely affected pregnancy and development of the foetus, as it precipitated resorption of developing foetus and reduced size and weight of litter at term. 
Statins positively impact plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, inflammation and vascular endothelial function (VEF). Carbohydrate restricted diets (CRD) improve atherogenic dyslipidemia, and similar to statins, have been shown to favorably affect markers of inflammation and VEF. No studies have examined whether a CRD provides additional benefit beyond that achieved by habitual statin use. We hypothesized that a CRD (<50 g carbohydrate/d) for 6 weeks would improve lipid profiles and insulin sensitivity, reduce blood pressure, decrease cellular adhesion and inflammatory biomarkers, and augment VEF (flow-mediated dilation and forearm blood flow) in statin users. Participants (n = 21; 59.3 ± 9.3 y, 29.5 ± 3.0 kg/m(2)) decreased total caloric intake by approximately 415 kcal at 6 weeks (P < .001). Daily nutrient intakes at baseline (46/36/17% carb/fat/pro) and averaged across the intervention (11/58/28% carb/fat/pro) demonstrated dietary compliance, with carbohydrate intake at baseline nearly 5-fold greater than during the intervention (P < .001). Compared to baseline, both systolic and diastolic blood pressure decreased after 3 and 6 weeks (P < .01). Peak forearm blood flow, but not flow-mediated dilation, increased at week 6 compared to baseline and week 3 (P ≤ .03). Serum triglyceride, insulin, soluble E-Selectin and intracellular adhesion molecule-1 decreased (P < .01) from baseline at week 3, and this effect was maintained at week 6. In conclusion, these findings demonstrate that individuals undergoing statin therapy experience additional improvements in metabolic and vascular health from a 6 weeks CRD as evidenced by increased insulin sensitivity and resistance vessel endothelial function, and decreased blood pressure, triglycerides, and adhesion molecules. 
AIM: Mushrooms are known to be a major food source of selenium, a mineral associated with diabetes prevalence. This study aimed to evaluate the relationship between mushroom and dietary selenium intakes and blood glucose levels in a free-living adult Italian population. METHODS: A total of 6879 men and 6891 women (aged 53.1±11.0years) with neither diabetes nor on special diets were analyzed from the population randomly recruited for the Moli-sani study. The European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) food frequency questionnaire was used for dietary assessment. Fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels were measured from fasting serum samples, and diabetes prevalence was determined according to American Diabetes Association diagnostic criteria. RESULTS: In men, an increase of one (30-g) portion/week in mushroom consumption was associated with a 0.43-0.55mmol/L increase in FBG at different levels of adjustment (P<0.05). In both men and women, dietary selenium was positively associated with blood glucose in both unadjusted and fully adjusted models (P<0.05 for all). Both mushroom and dietary selenium intakes were independently associated with blood glucose on multivariate analyses. In addition, high intakes of both were associated with higher diabetes prevalence in men and women (OR>1, P<0.05). CONCLUSION: The association of mushroom and selenium intakes with FBG suggests that mushroom and selenium might each independently increase the risk of diabetes. However, prospective studies are now necessary to confirm this hypothesis. 
Drinking water intake of arsenic (As) from private wells may represent a significant exposure pathway and induce oxidative DNA damage. We measured total As concentrations in hair and nails, and concentrations of the different species of As and its metabolites as well as 8-OHdG in urine of 110 non-smoking adults living in a rural region of the Province of Quebec, Canada. Significant differences in exposure biomarker levels were observed between individuals consuming drinking water with As levels of≤1.0,>1.0 -≤10 and>10 μg/l. Multivariate linear regression analysis also showed a significant relationship between estimated daily drinking water intakes of As and biomarker levels. Conversely, 8-OHdG levels were not significantly related to daily drinking water intakes of As or to hair, nail or urinary exposure biomarker levels, according to multivariate linear regression analysis. Even at the relatively low levels of As found in well water of our participants, water consumption significantly increases their body load of As, as confirmed by multiple matrix measurements, which reflected exposure over different time frames. However, this increased internal As dose was not associated with higher oxidative damage to DNA as reflected by urinary 8-OHdG levels. 
Multiple factors of metabolic syndrome have been implicated in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease (AD), including abdominal obesity, insulin resistance, endocrine dysfunction and dyslipidemia. High fat diet, a common experimental model of obesity and metabolic syndrome, has been shown to accelerate cognitive decline and AD-related neuropathology in animal models. However, sex interacts with the metabolic outcomes of high fat diet and, therefore, may alter neuropathological consequences of dietary manipulations. This study examines the effects of sex and high fat diet on metabolic and AD-related neuropathological outcomes in 3xTg-AD mice. Three month-old male and female 3xTg-AD mice were fed either standard or high fat diets for 4 months. Obesity was observed in all high fat fed mice; however, ectopic fat accumulation, hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia were observed only in males. Interestingly, despite the different metabolic outcomes of high fat diet, the neuropathological consequences were similar: both male and female mice maintained under high fat diet exhibited significant worsening in behavioral performance and hippocampal accumulation of β-amyloid protein. Because high fat diet resulted in obesity and increased AD-like pathology in both sexes, these data support a role of obesity-related factors in promoting AD pathogenesis. 
BACKGROUND: Observational studies have mostly found no association between self-reported whole-grain intake and prostate cancer. Plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites have been suggested as biomarkers for whole-grain intake in free-living populations. METHODS: We investigated the major dietary and lifestyle determinants of plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites in a nested case-control study (1,016 cases and 1,817 controls) in the Malmö Diet and Cancer Study. Multivariate adjusted ORs and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) were estimated to assess the association between plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites and prostate cancer using logistic regression. RESULTS: Whole-grain intake, waist circumference, educational level, and smoking status were the main determinants of alkylresorcinol metabolites. We observed significant correlations between alkylresorcinol metabolites and whole-grain (r = 0.31) and fiber (r = 0.27) intake. Metabolite concentration was positively associated with prostate cancer risk (Poverall effect = 0.0004) but the association was not linear (P = 0.04). The lowest risk was seen among men with moderate plasma concentrations. The OR for high compared with moderate plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites was 1.41 (95% CI, 1.10-1.80) for prostate cancer. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggest that plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites are mainly determined by whole-grain intake in this nested case-control study of Swedish men. The increased risk of prostate cancer seen among men with high plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites requires further study, but residual confounding, detection bias, or competing risks of nonprostate cancer-related deaths are plausible explanations that could not be ruled out. IMPACT: We found no evidence of a protective effect of whole grains on incident prostate cancer. Further validation of alkylresorcinol metabolites as a biomarker for whole-grain intake is needed. 
Pyrroloquinoline quinone (PQQ) influences energy-related metabolism and neurologic functions in animals. The mechanism of action involves interactions with cell signaling pathways and mitochondrial function. However, little is known about the response to PQQ in humans. Using a crossover study design, 10 subjects (5 females, 5 males) ingested PQQ added to a fruit-flavored drink in two separate studies. In study 1, PQQ was given in a single dose (0.2 mg PQQ/kg). Multiple measurements of plasma and urine PQQ levels and changes in antioxidant potential [based on total peroxyl radical-trapping potential and thiobarbituric acid reactive product (TBAR) assays] were made throughout the period of 48 h. In study 2, PQQ was administered as a daily dose (0.3 mg PQQ/kg). After 76 h, measurements included indices of inflammation [plasma C-reactive protein, interleukin (IL)-6 levels], standard clinical indices (e.g., cholesterol, glucose, high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, triglycerides, etc.) and (1)H-nuclear magnetic resonance estimates of urinary metabolites related in part to oxidative metabolism. The standard clinical indices were normal and not altered by PQQ supplementation. However, dietary PQQ exposure (Study 1) resulted in apparent changes in antioxidant potential based on malonaldehyde-related TBAR assessments. In Study 2, PQQ supplementation resulted in significant decreases in the levels of plasma C-reactive protein, IL-6 and urinary methylated amines such as trimethylamine N-oxide, and changes in urinary metabolites consistent with enhanced mitochondria-related functions. The data are among the first to link systemic effects of PQQ in animals to corresponding effects in humans. 
INTRODUCTION: Although alcohol abuse is associated with hypertension in whites and nonwhites, it has been scarcely investigated in HIV-infected patients. OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether the association of alcohol abuse with hypertension is influenced by skin color in HIV-infected individuals. METHODS: Cross-sectional study in HIV-infected individuals aged 18 years or older. Demographic characteristics, lifestyle, and HIV infection were investigated. Alcohol abuse was defined as ≥ 15 (women) and ≥ 30 g/alcohol/day (men), and binge drinking by the intake of ≥ 5 drinks on a single occasion. Hypertension was defined by blood pressure ≥ 140/90 mmHg or use of blood pressure-lowering agents. RESULTS: We studied 1,240 individuals, with 39.1 ± 10 years, 51% males and 57% whites. Age and body mass index were associated with blood pressure, and there was an independent association of alcohol abuse with hypertension in whites (RR = 1.9, 95% CI 1.1-3.3) and nonwhites (RR = 2.4, 95% CI 1.4 to 4.0). Among nonwhite individuals who were alcohol abusers, systolic (9.3 ± 3.2; P = 0.001) and diastolic blood pressures (6.4 ± 2.1; P = 0.008) were higher than in nonabusers. CONCLUSION: Alcohol abuse is a risk factor for hypertension in white and nonwhite HIV-infected individuals. The association of ethanol consumption with blood pressure is not explained by AIDS-related conditions. 
PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Epidemiological and clinical data indicate that modifiable lifestyle factors - including obesity, physical activity, and diet - significantly influence the risks of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS). RECENT FINDINGS: Modifiable factors associated with significantly increased risks of symptomatic BPH and LUTS include obesity and consumption of meat and fat. Factors associated with decreased risks include increased physical activity, vegetable consumption, and moderate alcohol intake. Obesity potentially attenuates the clinical efficacy of 5α-reductase inhibitors (5-ARI). Randomized clinical trials of lifestyle alterations - such as weight loss, exercise, and diet - for the prevention or treatment of BPH and LUTS have yet to be performed. SUMMARY: Obesity, physical activity, and diet substantially alter the risks of symptomatic BPH and LUTS. 5-ARIs exhibit diminished efficacy in obese patients. Although clinical trials of lifestyle modifications have yet to be undertaken, it is reasonable to promote weight loss, exercise, and healthy diet within the context of standard treatments for symptomatic BPH and LUTS. 
BACKGROUND: We utilized data from the Health Effects of Arsenic Longitudinal Study (HEALS) in Araihazar, Bangladesh, to evaluate the association of steamed rice consumption with urinary total arsenic concentration and arsenical skin lesions in the overall study cohort (N=18,470) and in a subset with available urinary arsenic metabolite data (N=4,517). METHODS: General linear models with standardized beta coefficients were used to estimate associations between steamed rice consumption and urinary total arsenic concentration and urinary arsenic metabolites. Logistic regression models were used to estimate prevalence odds ratios (ORs) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the associations between rice intake and prevalent skin lesions at baseline. Discrete time hazard models were used to estimate discrete time (HRs) ratios and their 95% CIs for the associations between rice intake and incident skin lesions. RESULTS: Steamed rice consumption was positively associated with creatinine-adjusted urinary total arsenic (β=0.041, 95% CI: 0.032-0.051) and urinary total arsenic with statistical adjustment for creatinine in the model (β=0.043, 95% CI: 0.032-0.053). Additionally, we observed a significant trend in skin lesion prevalence (P-trend=0.007) and a moderate trend in skin lesion incidence (P-trend=0.07) associated with increased intake of steamed rice. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that rice intake may be a source of arsenic exposure beyond drinking water. 
BACKGROUND: Supra-nutritional doses of curcumin, derived from the spice Curcuma longa, have been proposed as a potential treatment of inflammation and metabolic disorders related to obesity. The aim of the present study was to test whether Curcuma longa extract rich in curcumin and associated with white pepper (Curcuma-P®), at doses compatible with human use, could modulate systemic inflammation in diet-induced obese mice. We questioned the potential relevance of changes in adiposity and gut microbiota in the effect of Curcuma-P® in obesity. METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: Mice were fed either a control diet (CT), a high fat (HF) diet or a HF diet containing Curcuma longa extract (0.1 % of curcumin in the HF diet) associated with white pepper (0.01 %) for four weeks. Curcumin has been usually combined with white pepper, which contain piperine, in order to improve its bioavailability. This combination did not significantly modify body weight gain, glycemia, insulinemia, serum lipids and intestinal inflammatory markers. Tetrahydrocurcumin, but not curcumin accumulated in the subcutaneous adipose tissue. Importantly, the co-supplementation in curcuma extract and white pepper decreased HF-induced pro-inflammatory cytokines expression in the subcutaneous adipose tissue, an effect independent of adiposity, immune cells recruitment, angiogenesis, or modulation of gut bacteria controlling inflammation. CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE: These findings support that nutritional doses of Curcuma longa, associated with white pepper, is able to decrease inflammatory cytokines expression in the adipose tissue and this effect could be rather linked to a direct effect of bioactive metabolites reaching the adipose tissue, than from changes in the gut microbiota composition. 
BACKGROUND: Greater red meat intake is associated with an increased type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk. However, the relation of red meat intake to biomarkers of inflammation and glucose metabolism has not been investigated thoroughly. OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that greater red meat intake would be associated with biomarkers of inflammation and glucose metabolism, which would be partly explained by body mass index (BMI). DESIGN: We analyzed cross-sectional data from diabetes-free female participants in the Nurses' Health Study (n = 3690). Multiple linear regression was conducted to assess the associations of total, unprocessed, and processed red meat intakes (quartile categories) with plasma C-reactive protein (CRP), ferritin, adiponectin, fasting insulin, and hemoglobin A1c (Hb A1c). RESULTS: Greater total, unprocessed, and processed red meat intakes were associated with higher plasma CRP, ferritin, fasting insulin, and Hb A1c and lower adiponectin after adjustment for demographic information (P-trend ≤ 0.03 for all). Adiponectin was not associated with any type of red meat intake when further adjusted for medical and lifestyle factors. After adjustment for BMI, most of these associations with inflammatory and glucose metabolic biomarkers were substantially attenuated and no longer significant. BMI accounted for a statistically significant proportion of associations with CRP, Hb A1c, and fasting insulin (P-contribution ≤ 0.02 for all) but not with ferritin. Substituting a serving of total red meat intake with alternative protein food in a combination of poultry, fish, legumes, and nuts was associated with significantly lower CRP (β ± SE: -0.106 ± 0.043), ferritin (-0.212 ± 0.075), Hb A1c (-0.052 ± 0.015), and fasting insulin (-0.119 ± 0.036) (all P ≤ 0.02 for comparison of extreme quartiles for all). CONCLUSIONS: Greater red meat intake is associated with unfavorable plasma concentrations of inflammatory and glucose metabolic biomarkers in diabetes-free women. BMI accounts for a significant proportion of the associations with these biomarkers, except for ferritin. Substituting red meat with another protein food is associated with a healthier biomarker profile of inflammatory and glucose metabolism. 
Excessive caloric intake is a contributing risk factor for human metabolic disorders. Caloric restriction may prolong a person's life by lowering the incidence of deadly diseases. Reactive oxygen species (ROS) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) have been associated with the biochemical basis of the relationship between caloric intake and pathophysiologic processes. Polymorphisms associated with ROS generation genes are being increasingly implicated in inter-individual responses to daily caloric intake alterations. In the current study, a single nucleotide polymorphism, rs1836882, in the nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate oxidase 4 (NOX4) gene's promoter region was found to modulate associations between dietary caloric intake and ROS levels in PBMC. Based on rs1836882, 656 Chinese Han participants were classified into CC, CT and TT genotypes. ROS levels in PBMC were significantly higher in the CC or CT genotypes compared with the TT genotype with the same increases in daily caloric intake. Using an electrophoretic mobility shift assay, NOX4 promoter region with rs1836882 (T) was observed to have a higher affinity for hepatocyte nuclear factor gamma (HNF3γ) protein than rs1836882 (C). HNF3γ protein over-expression decreased NOX4 gene transcriptional activity in the TT genotype more than in the CC genotype (5.68% vs. 2.12%, P<0.05) in a dual luciferase reporter assay. By silencing the NOX4 gene using small interfering RNA or over-expressing HNF3γ using an expression plasmid, serum from high dietary caloric intake participants decreased ROS levels in PBMC of the TT genotype more than in the CC or CT genotype via HNF3γ down-regulating the NOX4 gene expression signaling pathway. This is the first study to report on the functions of phenotypes of rs1836882 in the NOX4 gene, and it suggests rs1836882 as a candidate gene for interpreting inter-individual ROS levels differences in PBMC induced by alterations in daily caloric intake. 
OBJECTIVE: The study objective was to develop and evaluate the feasibility and validity of a self-administered Scored Sodium Questionnaire (SSQ) for use in the routine clinical care of Australian chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients. DESIGN AND METHODS: The study took place in community-based outreach clinics using a multidisciplinary model of care. Assessment of sources of dietary sodium intake in the target population used comprehensive diet history interviews (Phase 1) to inform development of a 10-item food frequency questionnaire that was scored and validated using 24-hour urinary sodium and 2 alternative dietary intake methods (Phase 2). Subjects were adults with CKD Stages 3 to 5 (Phase 1 n = 30; Phase 2 n = 47). INTERVENTION: On a single day, participants (n = 47) completed the SSQ, feasibility survey, 24-hour urine collection, and 24-hour food record. A diet history interview was also conducted to confirm sodium intake on the day of data collection reflected habitual intake. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Validity of the SSQ score was confirmed by correlation with 24-hour urine sodium. Validity of a cutpoint on the SSQ score to correctly identify high- versus low-sodium consumers was confirmed by receiver operating characteristic curve analysis: area under the curve, sensitivity, and specificity. RESULTS: Total SSQ score correlated significantly with 24-hour urine sodium (r = 0.371; P = .031). Correlation between 24-hour food record and diet history sodium confirmed consumption on the data collection day reflected habitual intake (r = 0.701; P ≤ .001). A cutpoint of 65 or greater on the SSQ score was confirmed as valid to identify high-sodium consumers: area under the curve 0.713, sensitivity 61%, and specificity 82%. CONCLUSION: The SSQ is feasible and valid to assess habitual sodium intake in the Australian CKD population and to identify high-sodium consumers for referral to individualized counseling on a low-sodium diet. 
The authors investigated association of arsenic intake through water and diet and arsenic level in urine in people living in arsenic endemic region in West Bengal supplied with arsenic-safe water (<50 μg L(-1)). Out of 94 (Group-1A) study participants using water with arsenic level <50 μg L(-1), 72 participants (Group-1B) were taking water with arsenic level <10 μg L(-1). Multiple regressions analysis conducted on the Group-1A participants showed that daily arsenic dose from water and diet were found to be significantly positively associated with urinary arsenic level. However, daily arsenic dose from diet was found to be significantly positively associated with urinary arsenic level in Group-1B participants only, but no significant association was found with arsenic dose from water in this group. In a separate analysis, out of 68 participants with arsenic exposure through diet only, urinary arsenic concentration was found to correlate positively (r = 0.573) with dietary arsenic in 45 participants with skin lesion while this correlation was insignificant (r = 0.007) in 23 participants without skin lesion. Our study suggested that dietary arsenic intake was a potential pathway of arsenic exposure even where arsenic intake through water was reduced significantly in arsenic endemic region in West Bengal. Observation of variation in urinary arsenic excretion in arsenic-exposed subjects with and without skin lesion needed further study.
Stability of the selected urinary biomarkers of six illicit drugs and two therapeutic opioids in municipal wastewater was studied in order to determine errors associated with their possible transformation in the sewer. The stability was assessed in experiments conducted at 10°C and 20°C in order to simulate typical winter and summer temperature conditions in the sewer system. Among fourteen substances tested, the most unstable compounds were morphine-3-β-D glucuronide (MG), 6-acetyl morphine (6-AM), cocaine (COC) and 6-acetyl codeine (6-AC), while all other investigated compounds appeared to be relatively stable over a period of 72 h. The transformation of all degradable compounds followed pseudo-first order kinetics with significantly longer half-times (t1/2) at winter conditions. At 20°C, t1/2 of MG, 6-AM, COC and 6-AC was 7h, 87 h, 35 h and 58 h, respectively, while the corresponding t1/2 values at 10°C were 18 h, 139 h, 173 h and 87 h. The main transformation mechanism of MG, 6-AM and 6-AC was most probably their enzymatic hydrolysis to morphine (MOR) and codeine (COD), while COC transformation to benzoylecgonine (BE) was primarily governed by chemical hydrolysis. The results indicate that the effect of the observed transformation of urinary biomarkers of COC and 6-AM on the estimates of COC and heroin consumption are relatively small (<10%) if the in-sewer hydraulic retention time is lower than 12h. Acidification of the wastewater samples proved to be the good way to stabilise the wastewater samples for the analysis of all selected compounds, except for 11-nor-9-carboxy-∆9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC-COOH). This finding should be taken into account when selecting the preservation technique for multiresidual analyses of different groups of illicit drugs.
It has been suggested that diets which enhance diurnal insulin secretion, such as a high glycemic index (GI) and glycemic load (GL) diet, can be expected to increase homocysteine levels. We investigated the hypothesis that dietary GI and GL are positively associated with serum homocysteine concentration in a group of free-living young Japanese women. This preliminary cross-sectional study included 1050 female Japanese dietetic students aged 18 to 22 years. Dietary intake was assessed using a validated, self-administered, comprehensive diet history questionnaire. Fasting blood samples were collected and serum homocysteine concentrations were measured. Adjustment was made for survey year, region, municipality level, current smoking, current alcohol consumption, dietary supplement use, physical activity, body mass index, energy intake, and intakes of B vitamins (folate, vitamin B6, vitamin B12, and riboflavin). After adjustment for nondietary confounding factors, both dietary GI and GL were positively associated with homocysteine concentration (both P for trend=.001). The positive association between dietary GI and homocysteine concentration remained after further adjustment for intakes of B vitamins. Mean (95% confidence interval) values of serum homocysteine concentration for each quintile of dietary GI were 6.9 (6.7-7.2), 7.1 (6.8-7.3), 7.0 (6.7-7.2), 7.4 (7.2-7.7), and 7.3 (7.0-7.6) μmol/L, respectively (P for trend = .04). Conversely, there was no association between dietary GL and homocysteine concentration after further adjustment for intakes of B vitamins (P for trend = .40). To conclude, in a group of free-living young Japanese women, dietary GI, but not GL, was independently and positively associated with serum homocysteine concentration. 
OBJECTIVE: Weight regain is associated with the promotion of insulin resistance. The newly discovered myokine irisin, which was proposed to be involved in the management of insulin sensitivity, could play a role in this process. This study aimed to investigate the association between irisin and reduced insulin sensitivity induced by weight regain. MATERIALS/METHODS: Insulin sensitivity was evaluated according to the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) in 136 obese patients who followed an eight-week hypocaloric diet (30% reduced energy expenditure) to lose weight and was re-evaluated four or six months after treatment. Irisin plasma levels, as well as the levels of leptin, adiponectin, ghrelin and TNF-α, were quantified in a sub-cohort (n=73) from the initially studied patients at baseline (T0), at the diet endpoint (T1) and after the follow-up period (T2). RESULTS: After a successful dietary intervention to lose weight, 50% of the patients who regained the lost weight during the follow-up period were categorized as insulin resistant (HOMA-IR≥2.5) compared with only 25% of patients who maintained the weight loss (p=0.018). Importantly, in addition to the well-studied hormones leptin and adiponectin, irisin plasma levels were statistically associated with several risk factors for insulin resistance. Indeed, the increased risk of insulin resistance during the follow-up period was related to high irisin levels at baseline (odds ratio=4.2; p=0.039). CONCLUSIONS: Circulating irisin predicts the insulin resistance onset in association with weight regain. Therefore, irisin could be secreted as an adaptive response to counteract the deleterious effect of excess adiposity on glucose homeostasis. 
Moderate maternal calorie restriction during lactation in rats provides certain protection against obesity in adult offspring. Hence, we used this model with 20% calorie restriction to identify early changes at the gene expression level in key tissues involved in energy homeostasis, as well as to assess whether they are maintained in adulthood, to consider them as potential biomarkers of metabolic health. Offspring of control and 20% calorie-restricted dams during lactation (CR) were followed. Animals were studied at weaning and at 6 months old under normal-fat (NF) diet and after being moved to a high-fat (HF) diet for the last 2 months. Adult CR animals showed lower body weight, decreased hepatic lipids and improved circulating parameters vs. controls. At weaning, CR pups, in retroperitoneal white adipose tissue (rWAT), displayed lower messenger RNA (mRNA) levels of lipogenesis-related genes and higher mRNA levels of genes related with lipolysis and insulin signaling vs. controls. CR animals also showed lower hepatic mRNA levels of the lipogenesis-related gene sterol regulatory element-binding protein 1c (SREBP1c) and higher mRNA levels of carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1 isoform a, adipose triglyceride lipase and long-form leptin receptor (ObRb). Some of these changes were sustained in adulthood under HF diet, and mRNA levels of IRS1 (rWAT) and of ObRb and SREBP1c (liver) in adult animals correlated with hepatic lipids and circulating parameters. In conclusion, the protective effects of moderate calorie restriction during lactation on offspring metabolic health are reflected in early changes at gene expression level in key tissues. Among them, transcript levels of IRS1 (rWAT) and of ObRb and SREBP1c (liver) emerge as particularly interesting as potential transcript-based biomarkers of metabolic health. 
The aim of the present study was to investigate the associations of iron depletion (ID) with menstrual blood losses, lifestyle, and dietary habits, in pubertal girls. The study sample comprised 1222 girls aged 9-13 years old. Biochemical, anthropometrical, dietary, clinical, and physical activity data were collected. Out of 274 adolescent girls with menses, 33.5% were found to be iron depleted (defined as serum ferritin < 12 μg/L) compared to 15.9% out of 948 girls without menses. Iron-depleted girls without menses were found to have lower consumption of poultry (P = 0.017) and higher consumption of fruits (P = 0.044) and fast food (P = 0.041) compared to their peers having normal iron status. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that girls with menses were 2.57 (95% CI: 1.37, 4.81) times more likely of being iron depleted compared to girls with no menses. Iron depletion was found to be associated with high calcium intake, high consumption of fast foods, and low consumption of poultry and fruits. Menses was the only factor that was found to significantly increase the likelihood of ID in these girls. More future research is probably needed in order to better understand the role of diet and menses in iron depletion.
Biomarkers of food consumption are a powerful tool to obtain more objective measurements of dietary exposure and to monitor compliance in clinical trials. In this study, we evaluated the effectiveness of urinary isoxanthohumol (IX) excretion as an accurate biomarker of beer consumption. A dose-response clinical trial, a randomized, crossover clinical trial, and a cohort study were performed. In the dose-response trial, 41 young volunteers (males and females, aged 28 ± 3 y) consumed different doses of beer at night and a spot urine sample was collected the following morning. In the clinical trial, 33 males with high cardiovascular risk (aged 61 ± 7 y) randomly were administered 30 g of ethanol/d as gin or beer, or an equivalent amount of polyphenols as nonalcoholic beer for 4 wk. Additionally, a subsample of 46 volunteers from the PREDIMED (Prevenciόn con Dieta Mediterránea) study (males and females, aged 63 ± 5 y) was also evaluated. Prenylflavonoids were quantified in urine samples by liquid chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry. IX urinary recovery increased linearly with the size of the beer dose in male volunteers. A significant increase in IX excretion (4.0 ± 1.6 μg/g creatinine) was found after consumption of beer and nonalcoholic beer for 4 wk (P < 0.001). Receiver operating characteristic curves showed that IX is able to discriminate between beer consumers and abstainers with a sensitivity of 67% and specificity of 100% (positive predictive value = 70%, negative predictive value = 100% in real-life conditions). IX in urine samples was found to be a specific and accurate biomarker of beer consumption and may be a powerful tool in epidemiologic studies.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the role of hypocaloric highprotein diet, a prospective clinical study was conducted in NAFLD patients. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Pre-versus post-interventional data were analyzed in 48 stable NAFLD patients (submitted to a hypocaloric high-protein diet during 75 days. Variables included anthropometrics (body mass index/ BMI and waist circumference/WC), whole-body and segmental bioimpedance analysis and biochemical tests. Diet compliance was assessed by interviews every two weeks. RESULTS: BMI, WC and body fat mass remained relatively stable (-1.3%, -1.8% and -2.5% respectively, no significance). HDL- cholesterol increased (P < 0.05) whereas total, LDL and VLDL cholesterol, triglycerides, aspartate aminotransferase/ AST, gamma glutamyltransferase/GGT, alkaline phosphatase/ AP, fasting blood glucose and glycated hemoglobin/ HbA1c decreased (P < 0.05). When patients were stratified according to increase (22/48, 45.8%) and decrease (21/48, 43.8%) of BMI, association between weight decrease and liver benefit could be elicited in such circumstances for ALT, AP and AST/ALT ratio. No change could be demonstrated in patients who gained weight. Multivariate assessment confirmed that waist circumference, ferritin, triacylglycerol, and markers of glucose homeostasis were the most relevant associated with liver enzymes. DISCUSSION: Ours results are consistent with the literature of calorie restriction in the management of NAFLD. Changes in lifestyle and weight loss are recommended for NAFLD patients. European guidelines also support this recommendation. CONCLUSION: This is the first study that demonstrated that a high protein, hypocaloric diet were associated with improvement of lipid profile, glucose homeostasis and liver enzymes in NAFLD independent on BMI decrease or body fat mass reduction. 
OBJECTIVES: Oxidative stress and inflammation have been reported to be higher in subjects with depression, but it is unclear whether this is due to inadequate dietary antioxidant intake or the pathophysiology of depression. The aim of this study was to assess the association between dietary and serum antioxidant status with depression scales in young male university students. METHODS: This research was a case-control study carried out on 60 male university students (30 students diagnosed with depression and 30 matched healthy controls). Beck Depression Inventory-II was used to assess the major depressive disorder (MDD) scales. A semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire and 2-day 24-h recalls were used for dietary assessment. Dietary and serum total antioxidant capacity (TAC) and high-sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) concentrations were also measured. RESULTS: MDD subjects consumed less fruits (P < 0.05), legumes (P < 0.001), nuts and seeds (P = 0.003), vitamin C (P = 0.005), beta carotene (P < 0.001), lutein, and zeaxanthin (P = 0.006) than the controls. Moreover, the depressed group had lower serum TAC levels than their controls (P < 0.05). There were no significant differences in serum hs-CRP concentrations and dietary TAC levels between the study groups. DISCUSSION: Students with depression had significantly lower intake of dietary antioxidants. However, dietary TAC and serum hs-CRP levels were not significantly different between depressed and normal university male students. Intake of foods rich in antioxidants is encouraged in male students. 
Recent studies have shown mitochondrial dysfunction and increased production of reactive oxygen species in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) and endothelial cells from patients with diabetes mellitus. Mitochondria oxygen consumption is coupled to adenosine triphosphate (ATP) production and also occurs in an uncoupled fashion during formation of reactive oxygen species by components of the electron transport chain and other enzymatic sites. We therefore hypothesized that diabetes would be associated with higher total and uncoupled oxygen consumption in PBMCs that would correlate with endothelial dysfunction. We developed a method to measure oxygen consumption in freshly isolated PBMCs and applied it to 26 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and 28 non-diabetic controls. Basal (192 ± 47 vs 161 ± 44 pmoles/min, p = 0.01), uncoupled (64 ± 16 vs 53 ± 13 pmoles/min, p = 0.007), and maximal (795 ± 87 vs 715 ± 128 pmoles/min, p=0.01) oxygen consumption rates were higher in diabetic patients compared to controls. There were no significant correlations between oxygen consumption rates and endothelium-dependent flow-mediated dilation measured by vascular ultrasound. Non-endothelium-dependent nitroglycerin-mediated dilation was lower in diabetics (10.1 ± 6.6 vs 15.8 ± 4.8%, p = 0.03) and correlated with maximal oxygen consumption (r = -0.64, p=0.001). In summary, we found that diabetes mellitus is associated with a pattern of mitochondrial oxygen consumption consistent with higher production of reactive oxygen species. The correlation between oxygen consumption and nitroglycerin-mediated dilation may suggest a link between mitochondrial dysfunction and vascular smooth muscle cell dysfunction that merits further study. Finally, the described method may have utility for the assessment of mitochondrial function in larger scale observational and interventional studies in humans.
AIMS: Scarce data are available on the effect of the traditional Mediterranean diet (TMD) on heart failure biomarkers. We assessed the effect of TMD on biomarkers related to heart failure in a high cardiovascular disease risk population. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 930 subjects at high cardiovascular risk (420 men and 510 women) were recruited in the framework of a multicentre, randomized, controlled, parallel-group clinical trial directed at testing the efficacy of the TMD on the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease (The PREDIMED Study). Participants were assigned to a low-fat diet (control, n = 310) or one of two TMDs [TMD + virgin olive oil (VOO) or TMD + nuts]. Depending on group assignment, participants received free provision of extra-virgin olive oil, mixed nuts, or small non-food gifts. After 1 year of intervention, both TMDs decreased plasma N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide, with changes reaching significance vs. control group (P < 0.05). Oxidized low-density lipoprotein decreased in both TMD groups (P < 0.05), the decrease in TMD + VOO group reaching significance vs. changes in control group (P = 0.003). Changes in lipoprotein(a) after TMD + VOO were less than those in the control group (P = 0.046) in which an increase (P = 0.035) was observed. No changes were observed in urinary albumin or albumin/creatinine ratio. CONCLUSIONS: Individuals at high risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) who improved their diet toward a TMD pattern reduced their N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide compared with those assigned to a low-fat diet. The same was found for in vivo oxidized low-density lipoprotein and lipoprotein(a) plasma concentrations after the TMD + VOO diet. From our results TMD could be a useful tool to mitigate against risk factors for heart failure. From our results TMD could modify markers of heart failure towards a more protective mode. 
The nitrogen isotope ratio (δ(15)N) of RBCs has been proposed as a biomarker of marine food intake in Yup'ik people based on strong associations with RBC eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). However, EPA and DHA derive from marine fats, whereas elevated δ(15)N derives from marine protein, and these dietary components may have different biologic effects. Whether δ(15)N is similarly associated with chronic disease risk factors compared with RBC EPA and DHA is not known. We used covariate-adjusted linear models to describe biomarker associations with chronic disease risk factors in Yup'ik people, first in a smaller (n = 363) cross-sectional study population using RBC EPA, DHA, and δ(15)N, and then in a larger (n = 772) cross-sectional study population using δ(15)N only. In the smaller sample, associations of RBC EPA, DHA, and δ(15)N with obesity and chronic disease risk factors were similar in direction and significance: δ(15)N was positively associated with total, HDL, and LDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein A-I, and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), and inversely associated with triglycerides. Based on comparisons between covariate-adjusted β-coefficients, EPA was more strongly associated with circulating lipids and lipoproteins, whereas δ(15)N was more strongly associated with adipokines, the inflammatory marker interleukin-6, and IGFBP-3. In the larger sample there were new findings for this population: δ(15)N was inversely associated with blood pressure and there was a significant association (with inverse linear and positive quadratic terms) with adiponectin. In conclusion, δ(15)N is a valid measure for evaluating associations between EPA and DHA intake and chronic disease risk in Yup'ik people and may be used in larger studies. By measuring δ(15)N, we report beneficial associations of marine food intake with blood pressure and adiponectin, which may contribute to a lower incidence of some chronic diseases in Yup'ik people. 
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this cross-sectional study was to assess the potential relationships between fruit and vegetable (FV) intake and oxidative stress markers in middle-aged men, with an emphasis on vitamin C, fiber, and magnesium content. METHODS: The study was conducted with 296 healthy men, age 50.5 ± 5.0 y, and body mass index (BMI) of 25.8 ± 3.5 kg/m(2). Dietary intake, anthropometry, blood pressure, lifestyle features, and blood and urine biochemical data were assessed with validated procedures. The oxidative stress markers selected were plasma oxidized low-density lipoprotein (ox-LDL), urinary 8-iso-prostaglandin F2 α (8-iso-PGF2 α) and 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG). RESULTS: The men included in the highest tertile of FV intake (≥341.1 g/d) displayed lower concentrations of ox-LDL, 8-iso-PGF2 α and 8-OHdG (P for trend < 0.05), regardless of confounding factors. Concentrations of ox-LDL were negatively associated with fiber from the FV intake (P for trend < 0.05) regardless of confounding factors. ox-LDL and 8-OHdG concentrations tended to be lower in the higher tertile of magnesium (P for trend = 0.06) and vitamin C from FV intake (P for trend = 0.05), respectively. Additionally, concentrations of 8-iso-PGF2 α were lower in men in the highest tertile of fiber (≥6.5 g/d; P for trend = 0.034), vitamin C (≥98.0 mg/d; P for trend = 0.007), and magnesium (≥48.9 mg/d; P for trend = 0.018) from the FV-group intake. CONCLUSIONS: Greater FV intake was independently associated with reduced ox-LDL, 8-OHdG, and 8-iso-PGF2 α in middle-aged men. Fiber, vitamin C, and magnesium from FV seem to contribute to this beneficial relationship. 
Because socioeconomic factors (SEFs) may influence dietary quality and vitamin intakes, this study aimed to examine associations between socioeconomic factors and folate and vitamin B12 intakes as well as their related biomarkers in the Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence study. Vitamin intakes were obtained from two 24-hour recalls in 2253 participants (47% males). Vitamin B biomarkers were assessed in a subsample of 977 participants (46% males). Socioeconomic factors were assessed by questionnaire, and 1-way analysis of covariance and linear regression analysis were applied. For males and females, mean intakes of folate were 211.19 and 177.18 μg/d, and for vitamin B12, 5.98 and 4.54 μg/d, respectively. Levels of plasma folate, red blood cell folate, serum B12, and holotranscobalamin were 18.74, 807.19, 330.64, and 63.04 nmol/L in males, respectively, and 19.13, 770.16, 377.9, and 65.63 nmol/L in females, respectively. Lower folate intakes were associated with several SEFs, including maternal and paternal education in both sexes. Regarding folate biomarkers, lower plasma folate intakes were associated with single/shared care in males and with lower paternal occupation in females. Lower vitamin B12 intakes were associated with almost all the studied SEFs, except paternal occupation in both sexes. In females, when considering vitamin B12 biomarkers, lower plasma vitamin B12 was associated with lower maternal education and occupation, and lower holotranscobalamin was associated with lower maternal education and lower paternal occupation. In conclusion, from the set of socioeconomic determinants studied in a sample of European adolescents, maternal education and paternal occupation were more consistently associated with folate and vitamin B12 intakes and biomarkers concentrations.
Coffee contains various bioactives implicated with human health and disease risk. To accurately assess the effects of overall consumption upon health and disease, individual intake must be measured in large epidemiological studies. Metabolomics has emerged as a powerful approach to discover biomarkers of intake for a large range of foods. Here we report the profiling of the urinary metabolome of cohort study subjects to search for new biomarkers of coffee intake. Using repeated 24-hour dietary records and a food frequency questionnaire, 20 high coffee consumers (183-540 mL/d) and 19 low consumers were selected from the French SU.VI.MAX2 cohort. Morning spot urine samples from each subject were profiled by high-resolution mass spectrometry. Partial least-square discriminant analysis of multidimensional liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry data clearly distinguished high consumers from low via 132 significant (p-value<0.05) discriminating features. Ion clusters whose intensities were most elevated in the high consumers were annotated using online and in-house databases and their identities checked using commercial standards and MS-MS fragmentation. The best discriminants, and thus potential markers of coffee consumption, were the glucuronide of the diterpenoid atractyligenin, the diketopiperazine cyclo(isoleucyl-prolyl), and the alkaloid trigonelline. Some caffeine metabolites, such as 1-methylxanthine, were also among the discriminants, however caffeine may be consumed from other sources and its metabolism is subject to inter-individual variation. Receiver operating characteristics curve analysis showed that the biomarkers identified could be used effectively in combination for increased sensitivity and specificity. Once validated in other cohorts or intervention studies, these specific single or combined biomarkers will become a valuable alternative to assessment of coffee intake by dietary survey and finally lead to a better understanding of the health implications of coffee consumption. 
BACKGROUND: Palm oil (PO) may be an unhealthy fat because of its high saturated fatty acid content. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to assess the effect of substituting PO for other primary dietary fats on blood lipid-related markers of coronary heart disease (CHD) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). DESIGN: We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of dietary intervention trials. Studies were eligible if they included original data comparing PO-rich diets with other fat-rich diets and analyzed at least one of the following CHD/CVD biomarkers: total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, TC/HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol/HDL cholesterol, triacylglycerols, apolipoprotein A-I and B, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and lipoprotein(a). RESULTS: Fifty-one studies were included. Intervention times ranged from 2 to 16 wk, and different fat substitutions ranged from 4% to 43%. Comparison of PO diets with diets rich in stearic acid, monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) showed significantly higher TC, LDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, HDL cholesterol, and apolipoprotein A-I, whereas most of the same biomarkers were significantly lower when compared with diets rich in myristic/lauric acid. Comparison of PO-rich diets with diets rich in trans fatty acids showed significantly higher concentrations of HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I and significantly lower apolipoprotein B, triacylglycerols, and TC/HDL cholesterol. Stratified and meta-regression analyses showed that the higher concentrations of TC and LDL cholesterol, when PO was substituted for MUFAs and PUFAs, were not significant in young people and in subjects with diets with a lower percentage of energy from fat. CONCLUSIONS: Both favorable and unfavorable changes in CHD/CVD risk markers occurred when PO was substituted for the primary dietary fats, whereas only favorable changes occurred when PO was substituted for trans fatty acids. Additional studies are needed to provide guidance for policymaking. 
BACKGROUND: Excess dietary salt is a leading risk for health. Multiple health, government, industry and community organisations have identified the need to reduce consumption of dietary salt. This project seeks to implement and evaluate a community-based salt reduction intervention. METHODS: The study comprises a baseline assessment followed by a targeted intervention and then an evaluation of efficacy. The study location is Lithgow, a regional town in New South Wales, Australia. The salt reduction intervention is based upon the Communication for Behavioural Impact framework which utilises an integrated communication model to enact community advocacy and impact by providing tools that enable the translation of knowledge into behavioural change. The duration of the intervention will be between 6 and 12 months. The primary evaluation will be through measurement of 24-hr urinary sodium excretion in independent population samples aged>20 years, drawn before and after the intervention period. The study is designed to detect a difference in mean sodium excretion of 0.7 grams per day or greater with 80% power and p=0.05. DISCUSSION: This study will provide a robust evaluation of the effectiveness of a community-based intervention seeking to reduce dietary salt intake using the Communication for Behavioural Impact framework. The results will provide important new evidence to inform the design and implementation of current and future salt reduction policies in Australia. The results will also have important international implications because, following the recent World Health Organization recommendations for the control of non-communicable diseases, many countries are now seeking to achieve a reduction in average population salt consumption. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02105727. 
BACKGROUND: Metabolomics is an emerging field with the potential to advance nutritional epidemiology; however, it has not yet been applied to large cohort studies. OBJECTIVES: Our first aim was to identify metabolites that are biomarkers of usual dietary intake. Second, among serum metabolites correlated with diet, we evaluated metabolite reproducibility and required sample sizes to determine the potential for metabolomics in epidemiologic studies. DESIGN: Baseline serum from 502 participants in the Prostate, Lung, Colorectal, and Ovarian (PLCO) Cancer Screening Trial was analyzed by using ultra-high-performance liquid-phase chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Usual intakes of 36 dietary groups were estimated by using a food-frequency questionnaire. Dietary biomarkers were identified by using partial Pearson's correlations with Bonferroni correction for multiple comparisons. Intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) between samples collected 1 y apart in a subset of 30 individuals were calculated to evaluate intraindividual metabolite variability. RESULTS: We detected 412 known metabolites. Citrus, green vegetables, red meat, shellfish, fish, peanuts, rice, butter, coffee, beer, liquor, total alcohol, and multivitamins were each correlated with at least one metabolite (P < 1.093 × 10(-6); r = -0.312 to 0.398); in total, 39 dietary biomarkers were identified. Some correlations (citrus intake with stachydrine) replicated previous studies; others, such as peanuts and tryptophan betaine, were novel findings. Other strong associations included coffee (with trigonelline-N-methylnicotinate and quinate) and alcohol (with ethyl glucuronide). Intraindividual variability in metabolite levels (1-y ICCs) ranged from 0.27 to 0.89. Large, but attainable, sample sizes are required to detect associations between metabolites and disease in epidemiologic studies, further emphasizing the usefulness of metabolomics in nutritional epidemiology. CONCLUSIONS: We identified dietary biomarkers by using metabolomics in an epidemiologic data set. Given the strength of the associations observed, we expect that some of these metabolites will be validated in future studies and later used as biomarkers in large cohorts to study diet-disease associations. The PLCO trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00002540. 
Hyperlipidemia and elevated circulating C-reactive protein (CRP) and total homocysteine (tHcy) concentrations are cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. Previous studies indicated that higher serum carotenoid concentrations were inversely associated with some of these biomarkers. However, whether dietary carotenoid intake is inversely associated with these CVD risk biomarkers is not well known. We assessed the associations between individual dietary carotenoid intake and CVD risk biomarkers and tested whether the serum carotenoid concentrations explain (mediate) or influence the strength of (moderate) the associations, if any association exists. Dietary data collected from 2 24-h dietary recalls and serum measurements in adult men (n = 1312) and women (n = 1544) from the NHANES 2003-2006 were used. Regression models designed for survey analysis were used to examine the associations between individual dietary carotenoids and log-transformed blood cholesterol, CRP, and tHcy. The corresponding individual serum carotenoid concentration was considered as mediator (and moderator if applicable). After adjustment for covariates, significant inverse associations with LDL cholesterol were observed for dietary β-carotene (P < 0.05) and lutein + zeaxanthin (P < 0.001), and with tHcy for dietary β-carotene (P < 0.05), lycopene (P < 0.05), and total carotenoids (P < 0.05). Dietary lutein + zeaxanthin intake was also positively associated with HDL cholesterol concentrations (P < 0.01). Most of these associations were null after additional adjustment for corresponding serum carotenoid concentrations, indicating the complete mediation effects of serum carotenoids. Serum β-carotene significantly moderated the associations between dietary β-carotene and CRP (P-interaction < 0.05), and quartile 4 of dietary β-carotene was associated with lower CRP concentrations only among participants with serum β-carotene > 0.43 μmol/L. In this population-based cross-sectional study, serum carotenoids were mediators of dietary carotenoids and CVD risk biomarker associations. Serum β-carotene was also a moderator of the dietary β-carotene and CRP association. These findings may help in the design of future intervention studies on dietary carotenoids in the prevention of CVD. 
Caffeine is presented in many commercial products and has been proven to induce ergogenic effects in exercise, mainly related to redox status homeostasis, inflammation and oxidative stress-related adaptation mechanisms. However, most studies have mainly focused on muscle adaptations, and the role of caffeine in different tissues during exercise training has not been fully described. The aim of this study was therefore, to analyze the effects of chronic caffeine intake and exercise training on liver mitochondria functioning and plasma inflammation markers. Rats were divided into control, control/caffeine, exercise, and exercise/caffeine groups. Exercise groups underwent four weeks of swimming training and caffeine groups were supplemented with 6 mg/kg/day. Liver mitochondrial swelling and complex I activity, and plasma myeloperoxidase (MPO) and acetylcholinesterase (AChE) activities were measured. An anti-inflammatory effect of exercise was evidenced by reduced plasma MPO activity. Additionally, caffeine intake alone and combined with exercise decreased the plasma AChE and MPO activities. The per se anti-inflammatory effect of caffeine intake should be highlighted considering its widespread use as an ergogenic aid. Therefore, caffeine seems to interfere on exercise-induced adaptations and could also be used in different exercise-related health treatments. 
The influence of dietary caloric intake was studied on blood pressure (BP), serum lipids, body mass index (BMI) and waist-hip-ratio (WHR) according to age and gender. The study population consisted of 400 healthy individuals as controls and 746 first time detected untreated hypertensive (HTN) subjects. The subjects were regrouped according to amount of calorie intake per day i.e. high and low calorie intake diet within two age-groups: 30-50 years and 51-80 yrs. Blood samples were drawn from all the subjects, following an overnight fast and serum total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG) and HDL-C were measured by standard methods. Serum LDL-C was calculated by Fredrickson-Friedwald formula. BP and anthropometric measurements were measured by a standardized protocol. Highly significant increases in TC, TG, LDL-C, anthropometric and atherogenic indices were seen. While a decrease in HDL-C was observed in high calorie HTN, as compared to low calorie controls. Gender-wise, men had increased values compared to women, except, HDL-C and BMI. With increase in age, all parameters increased in both the subject categories, except atherogenic and anthropometric indices. Hypertensive subjects with high calorie intake diet showed an increase in BP, serum lipids and BMI which might be the major contributor in precipitation of hypertension and also in increasing risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.
BACKGROUND: Alcohol, overweight, and lipid metabolism contribute to fatty liver and atherosclerosis pathogenesis. OBJECTIVE: To study the association of alcoholic intake, overweight, and dyslipidemia. METHODS: We randomly selected 482 age- and sex-matched individuals from East China. Gender, age, education level, smoking, hypertension, daily alcohol intake, drinking duration, and body mass index (BMI) were evaluated in association with triglyceride, total cholesterol, high-density (HDL-C), and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol. RESULTS: The association between dyslipidemia and 8 predictors of disease was made by regression analysis through the generalized additive model. The results showed that age, daily alcohol intake, and BMI were all closely associated with hypertriglyceridemia. Age, duration of drinking, and BMI were all closely associated with hypercholesterolemia. Age and BMI status were both closely associated with high LDL-C levels. By contrast, none of the 8 predictors was closely associated with low HDL-C levels (all P < .05). CONCLUSIONS: Daily alcohol intake was a risk factor for hypertriglyceridemia. By contrast, drinking duration was a protective factor against hypercholesterolemia. Age and BMI were important risk factors for dyslipidemia (excluding HDL-C). 
Emerging literature suggests that men's diets may affect spermatogenesis as reflected in semen quality indicators, but literature on the relation between meat intake and semen quality is limited. Our objective was to prospectively examine the relation between meat intake and indicators of semen quality. Men in subfertile couples presenting for evaluation at the Massachusetts General Hospital Fertility Center were invited to participate in an ongoing study of environmental factors and fertility. A total of 155 men completed a validated food-frequency questionnaire and subsequently provided 338 semen samples over an 18-mo period from 2007-2012. We used linear mixed regression models to examine the relation between meat intake and semen quality indicators (total sperm count, sperm concentration, progressive motility, morphology, and semen volume) while adjusting for potential confounders and accounting for within-person variability across repeat semen samples. Among the 155 men (median age: 36.1 y; 83% white, non-Hispanic), processed meat intake was inversely related to sperm morphology. Men in the highest quartile of processed meat intake had, on average, 1.7 percentage units (95% CI: -3.3, -0.04) fewer morphologically normal sperm than men in the lowest quartile of intake (P-trend = 0.02). Fish intake was related to higher sperm count and percentage of morphologically normal sperm. The adjusted mean total sperm count increased from 102 million (95% CI: 80, 131) in the lowest quartile to 168 million (95% CI: 136, 207) sperm in the highest quartile of fish intake (P-trend = 0.005). Similarly, the adjusted mean percentages of morphologically normal sperm for men in increasing quartiles of fish intake were 5.9 (95% CI: 5.0, 6.8), 5.3 (95% CI: 4.4, 6.3), 6.3 (95% CI: 5.2, 7.4), and 7.5 (95% CI: 6.5, 8.5) (P-trend = 0.01). Consuming fish may have a positive impact on sperm counts and morphology, particularly when consumed instead of processed red meats. 
The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of resistance training (RT) and dried plum (DP) consumption on strength, body composition, blood markers of bone, and inflammation in breast cancer survivors (BCS). Twenty-three BCS (RT, n = 12; RT+DP, n = 11), aged 64 ± 7 years, were evaluated at baseline and after 6 months of intervention on the following: muscular strength (chest press and leg extension) via 1-repetition maximums (1RMs); body composition, specifically bone mineral density (BMD) by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry; biochemical markers of bone turnover (bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (BAP), tartrate resistant acid phosphatase (TRAP-5b)); and inflammation (C-reactive protein (CRP)). Target RT prescription was 2 days/week of 10 exercises, including 2 sets of 8-12 repetitions at ∼60%-80% of 1RM. RT+DP also consumed 90 g of DP daily. There were no baseline differences between groups or any group-by-time interactions for any of the variables. BCS increased upper (p < 0.05) (RT: 64 ± 14 to 80 ± 17 kg; RT+DP: 72 ± 23 to 91 ± 20 kg) and lower (p < 0.05) (RT: 69 ± 20 to 87 ± 28 kg; RT+DP: 78 ± 19 to 100 ± 21 kg) body strength. Body composition and BMD improvements were not observed. TRAP-5b decreased in the RT group (p < 0.05) (4.55 ± 1.57 to 4.04 ± 1.63 U/L) and the RT+DP group (p = 0.07) (5.10 ± 2.75 to 4.27 ± 2.03 U/L). Changes in BAP and CRP were not observed. RT was effective for improving biochemical markers of bone turnover and muscular strength in BCS. A longer and higher intensity intervention may be needed to reveal the true effects of RT and DP on body composition and biochemical markers of inflammation. 
OBJECTIVES: To investigate the reliability and validity of the King's Health Questionnaire (KHQ), and understand the impacts of lower urinary tract symptom (LUTS) on health-related quality of life (HR-QoL). METHODS: A cross-sectional design was used and a convenience of 393 men participated in the study. The reliability was measured by testing the Cronbach's α coefficients. Factor analysis was used to explore the underlying factor structure of the KHQ. The discriminant validity was assessed using the one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) tests with post hoc analysis (Games-Howell method) by comparing the differences scores in KHQ domains between men with three LUTS severity groups (mild, moderate, and severe). RESULTS: Men with severe, moderate, mild LUTS accounted for 7.9, 25.4, and 66.7%, respectively. Internal consistency of KHQ was excellent with Cronbach's α coefficients of 0.750-0.943. Factor analysis showed three underlying components to explain constructive validity. The KHQ subscores in both the severe and moderate LUTS groups were significantly higher than those in mild LUTS group (all P < 0.05), implying that the discriminant validity was adequate. Excepting for two single-item questions, the first three greater disparities in KHQ domains between the severe and mild LUTS groups were "Emotion", "Sleeping/Energy", and "Physical limitation", while the least disparities was found in "Personal relationships" domain. CONCLUSION: LUTS could produce a substantial impact on different domains of HR-QoL. The traditional Chinese KHQ has suitable reliability and validity for men with general LUTS, and might be a useful tool for HR-QoL measure in future. 
The effects of an aqueous extract of the leaves of Sansevieria senegambica on daily weight gain, lipid profile and atherogenic indices of rats fed egg yolk supplemented diet was studied. The control group was given normal feed while the other three groups received 50 g egg yolk/kg feed. The extract was orally administered daily at 150 and 200 mg/kg body weight; while the test control and control groups received appropriate volumes of water by the same route. On gas chromatographic analysis of the aqueous crude extract, the phytosterol and tannins fractions contained 100 % of β-sitosterol and tannic acid respectively. The mean daily weight gain of the test control group was higher though not significantly, than those of the other groups. The plasma total cholesterol levels, cardiac risk ratio and atherogenic coefficient of the test control group was significantly higher (P<0.05) than those of the test groups, but not significantly higher than that of the control group. The plasma low density lipoprotein and non-high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels of the test control group was significantly higher (P<0.05) than those of the control and test groups. The plasma high density lipoprotein cholesterol of the test control group was significantly lower (P<0.05) than that of the control group, but not significantly lower than those of the test groups. There were no significant differences in the plasma triglyceride and very low density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and the atherogenic index of plasma of all the groups. These results indicate a dose-dependent hypocholesterolemic effect of the extract, thus suggesting a likely protective role of the extract against the development of cardiovascular diseases. It also revealed the presence of pharmacologically active agents in the leaves. 
