Substances in human urine that strongly inhibit bacterial mutagenicity of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and related heterocyclic amines.
Formation of DNA adducts of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in male Fischer-344 rats.
Dose-dependent formation of preneoplastic foci and DNA adducts in rat liver with 2-amino-3-methyl-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (MeA alpha C) and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP).
Chemical analysis, prevention, and low-level dosimetry of heterocyclic amines from cooked food.
Mutagenicity of some heterocyclic amines in Salmonella typhimurium with metabolic activation by human red blood cell cytosol.
Synthesis and antineoplastic activity of some cyano-, carboxy-, carbomethoxy-, and carbamoylborane adducts of heterocyclic amines.
The formation of heart DNA adducts in F344 rat following dietary administration of heterocyclic amines.
32P Postlabelling analysis of urinary mutagens from smokers of black tobacco implicates 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) as a major DNA-damaging agent.
Significant increase of IQ-type heterocyclic amines, dietary carcinogens in the plasma of patients with uremia just before induction of hemodialysis treatment.
Possible mechanisms for PhIP-DNA adduct formation in the mammary gland of female Sprague-Dawley rats.
Increased risk of mammary carcinoma development following transplacental and trans-breast milk exposure to a food-derived carcinogen, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), in Sprague-Dawley rats.
Rapid metabolic phenotypes for acetyltransferase and cytochrome P4501A2 and putative exposure to food-borne heterocyclic amines increase the risk for colorectal cancer or polyps.
Species differences in metabolism of heterocyclic aromatic amines, human exposure, and biomonitoring.
In vitro formation and degradation of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) protein adducts.
Removal of DNA adducts of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in the male Fischer-344 rat.
Biological significance of trace levels of mutagenic heterocyclic aromatic amines in human diet: a critical review.
Metabolic activation pathway for the formation of DNA adducts of the carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in rat extrahepatic tissues.
Effect of glutathione depletion and inhibition of glucuronidation and sulfation on 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) metabolism, PhIP-DNA adduct formation and unscheduled DNA synthesis in primary rat hepatocytes.
Transfer of the food mutagen PhIP to foetuses and newborn mice following maternal exposure.
Adduction of the heterocyclic amine food mutagens IQ and PhIP to mitochondrial and nuclear DNA in the liver of Fischer-344 rats.
Mutation and repair induced by the carcinogen 2-(hydroxyamino)-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (N-OH-PhIP) in the dihydrofolate reductase gene of Chinese hamster ovary cells and conformational modeling of the dG-C8-PhIP adduct in DNA.
Low-level biological dosimetry of heterocyclic amine carcinogens isolated from cooked food.
The rat urinary bladder as a new target of heterocyclic amine carcinogenicity: tumor induction by 3-amino-1-methyl-5H-pyrido[4,3-b]indole acetate.
Validation in rats of two biomarkers of exposure to the food-borne carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP): PhIP-DNA adducts and urinary PhIP.
DNA adduct formation, cell proliferation and aberrant crypt focus formation induced by PhIP in male and female rat colon with relevance to carcinogenesis.
Protection by chlorophyllin and indole-3-carbinol against 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-induced DNA adducts and colonic aberrant crypts in the F344 rat.
Uptake of the food-derived heterocyclic amine carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine and its N-hydroxy metabolite into rat pancreatic acini and hepatocytes in vitro.
Human exposure to carcinogenic heterocyclic amines and their mutational fingerprints in experimental animals.
Chemoprotection against the formation of colon DNA adducts from the food-borne carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in the rat.
DNA adducts of heterocyclic amines: formation, removal and inhibition by dietary components.
Human exposure to mutagenic/carcinogenic heterocyclic amines and comutagenic beta-carbolines.
Heterocyclic amines, cytochrome P4501A2, and N-acetyltransferase: issues involved in incorporating putative genetic susceptibility markers into epidemiological studies.
Heterocyclic aromatic amines in human urine following a fried meat meal.
Chemopreventive properties of indole-3-carbinol (I3C): inhibition of DNA adduct formation of the dietary carcinogen, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo [4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), in female F344 rats.
Absence of PhIP adducts, p53 and Apc mutations, in rats fed a cooked beef diet containing a high level of heterocyclic amines.
Immunohistochemical demonstration of carcinogen-DNA adducts in tissues of rats given 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP): detection in paraffin-embedded sections and tissue distribution.
Localization of cytochrome P4501A1 and covalent binding of a mutagenic heterocyclic amine in blood vessel endothelia of rodents.
HCA, an immunoglobulin-like adhesion molecule present on the earliest human hematopoietic precursor cells, is also expressed by stromal cells in blood-forming tissues.
Inhibition of DNA adduct formation of PhIP in female F344 rats by dietary conjugated linoleic acid.
Effects of dietary conjugated linoleic acid on DNA adduct formation of PhIP and IQ after bolus administration to female F344 rats.
DNA adducts of heterocyclic amine food mutagens: implications for mutagenesis and carcinogenesis.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids as potential inhibitors of carcinogenesis: effect on DNA adduct formation of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in mice and rats.
Biomonitoring of heterocyclic aromatic amine metabolites in human urine.
Macromolecular adduct formation and metabolism of heterocyclic amines in humans and rodents at low doses.
Indole-3-carbinol as a chemopreventive agent in 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) carcinogenesis: inhibition of PhIP-DNA adduct formation, acceleration of PhIP metabolism, and induction of cytochrome P450 in female F344 rats.
Pathways of heterocyclic amine activation in the breast: DNA adducts of 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ) formed by peroxidases and in human mammary epithelial cells and fibroblasts.
Association between acetylator genotype and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) DNA adduct formation in colon and prostate of inbred Fischer 344 and Wistar Kyoto rats.
Immunohistochemical detection of carcinogen-DNA adducts in normal human prostate tissues transplanted into the subcutis of athymic nude mice: results with 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and 3,2'-dimethyl-4-aminobiphenyl (DMAB) and relation to cytochrome P450s and N-acetyltransferase activity.
Delay of DNA-adduct repair and severe toxicity in xeroderma pigmentosum group A gene (XPA) deficient mice treated with 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenyl-imidazo [4,5-b] pyridine (PhIP).
Tea as a potential chemopreventive agent in PhIP carcinogenesis: effects of green tea and black tea on PhIP-DNA adduct formation in female F-344 rats.
Effect of diet on serum albumin and hemoglobin adducts of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in humans.
Mrp2-deficiency in the rat impairs biliary and intestinal excretion and influences metabolism and disposition of the food-derived carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo.
Quantification of the heterocyclic aromatic amine DNA adduct N-(deoxyguanosin-8-yl)-2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline in livers of rats using capillary liquid chromatography/microelectrospray mass spectrometry: a dose-response study.
U.S. dietary exposures to heterocyclic amines.
The role of human glutathione S-transferases (hGSTs) in the detoxification of the food-derived carcinogen metabolite N-acetoxy-PhIP, and the effect of a polymorphism in hGSTA1 on colorectal cancer risk.
Concentration of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo(4,5-b)pyridine (PhIP) in urine and alkali-hydrolyzed urine after consumption of charbroiled beef.
Human exposure to heterocyclic amine food mutagens/carcinogens: relevance to breast cancer.
Oxidation of 5'-site guanine at GG and GGG sequences induced by a metabolite of carcinogenic heterocyclic amine PhIP in the presence of Cu(II) and NADH.
Biomarkers of exposure to heterocyclic amines: approaches to improve the exposure assessment.
Heterocyclic aromatic amine metabolism, DNA adduct formation, mutagenesis, and carcinogenesis.
Analysis of total meat intake and exposure to individual heterocyclic amines in a case-control study of colorectal cancer: contribution of metabolic variation to risk.
Effect of CYP1A2 deficiency on heterocyclic amine DNA adduct levels in mice.
Generation of free radicals and induction of DNA adducts by activation of heterocyclic aromatic amines via different metabolic pathways in vitro.
Direct reduction of N-acetoxy-PhIP by tea polyphenols: a possible mechanism for chemoprevention against PhIP-DNA adduct formation.
Incorporation of the food mutagen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) into fur and correlation with intestinal tumourigenesis in Min/+ mice.
Inhibitory effects of (-)-epigallocatechin gallate on the mutation, DNA strand cleavage, and DNA adduct formation by heterocyclic amines.
Sulforaphane and quercetin modulate PhIP-DNA adduct formation in human HepG2 cells and hepatocytes.
Genetic polymorphisms and modulation of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adducts in human lymphocytes.
Effect of dietary constituents with chemopreventive potential on adduct formation of a low dose of the heterocyclic amines PhIP and IQ and phase II hepatic enzymes.
Urinary N2-(2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)PhIP as a biomarker for PhIP exposure.
Determination of heterocyclic aromatic amines in beef extract, cooked meat and rat urine by liquid chromatography with coulometric electrode array detection.
Estimates of heterocyclic amine intake in the US population.
PhIP metabolites in human urine after consumption of well-cooked chicken.
Formation and analysis of heterocyclic aromatic amine-DNA adducts in vitro and in vivo.
Syntheses of DNA adducts of two heterocyclic amines, 2-amino-3-methyl-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (MeAalphaC) and 2-amino-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (AalphaC) and identification of DNA adducts in organs from rats dosed with MeAalphaC.
Optimization of a clean-up procedure for the determination of heterocyclic aromatic amines in urine by field-amplified sample injection-capillary electrophoresis-mass spectrometry.
CYP1A2 and NAT2 genotype/phenotype relations and urinary excretion of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in a human dietary intervention study.
Excretion of metabolites in urine and faeces from rats dosed with the heterocyclic amine, 2-amino-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (AalphaC).
Impact of environmental exposures on the mutagenicity/carcinogenicity of heterocyclic amines.
Identification of metabolites in urine and feces from rats dosed with the heterocyclic amine, 2-amino-3-methyl-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (MeA alpha C).
Relationship between content and activity of cytochrome P450 and induction of heterocyclic amine DNA adducts in human liver samples in vivo and in vitro.
Characterization of a peptide adduct formed by N-acetoxy-2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), a reactive intermediate of the food carcinogen PhIP.
Effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids on prostaglandin synthesis and cyclooxygenase-mediated DNA adduct formation by heterocyclic aromatic amines in human adenocarcinoma colon cells.
Rapid biomonitoring of heterocyclic aromatic amines in human urine by tandem solvent solid phase extraction liquid chromatography electrospray ionization mass spectrometry.
Inhibitory effects of heterocyclic amine-induced DNA adduct formation in mouse liver and lungs by beer.
Two food-borne heterocyclic amines: metabolism and DNA adduct formation of amino-alpha-carbolines.
DNA adduct formation of 14 heterocyclic aromatic amines in mouse tissue after oral administration and characterization of the DNA adduct formed by 2-amino-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (AalphaC), analysed by 32P_HPLC.
Formation of a mutagenic heterocyclic aromatic amine from creatinine in urine of meat eaters and vegetarians.
Age at exposure and Apc status influence the levels of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adducts in mouse intestine and liver.
Inhibitory effects of beer on mutation in the Ames test and DNA adduct formation in mouse organs induced by 2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP).
Synthesis of the PhIP adduct of 2'-deoxyguanosine and its incorporation into oligomeric DNA.
Chemical synthesis of 2'-deoxyguanosine-C8 adducts with heterocyclic amines: an application to synthesis of oligonucleotides site-specifically adducted with 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine.
Human sensitivity to PhIP: a novel marker for prostate cancer risk.
Detection of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo [4,5-b]-pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adducts in human pancreatic tissues.
On-line capillary based quantitative analysis of a heterocyclic amine in human urine.
Deconjugation of N-glucuronide conjugated metabolites with hydrazine hydrate--biomarkers for exposure to the food-borne carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP).
Grilled meat consumption and PhIP-DNA adducts in prostate carcinogenesis.
Racial differences in clinical and pathological associations with PhIP-DNA adducts in prostate.
New insights in the formation of deoxynucleoside adducts with the heterocyclic aromatic amines PhIP and IQ by means of ion trap MSn and accurate mass measurement of fragment ions.
Exposure to heterocyclic aromatic amines from the consumption of cooked red meat and its effect on human cancer risk: a review.
A simplified hollow-fibre supported liquid membrane extraction method for quantification of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in urine and plasma samples.
Determination of heterocyclic aromatic amines in human urine by using hollow-fibre supported liquid membrane extraction and liquid chromatography-ultraviolet detection system.
Biomonitoring of urinary metabolites of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) following human consumption of cooked chicken.
Mass spectrometric investigation of the sequence selectivity for adduction of heterocyclic aromatic amines on single-strand oligonucleotides.
Dietary intake of meat and meat-derived heterocyclic aromatic amines and their correlation with DNA adducts in female breast tissue.
METHODS FOR AROMATIC AND HETEROCYCLIC AMINE CARCINOGEN-DNA ADDUCT ANALYSIS BY LIQUID CHROMATOGRAPHY-TANDEM MASS SPECTROMETRY.
Biomonitoring of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and its carcinogenic metabolites in urine.
Translesional DNA synthesis through a C8-guanyl adduct of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in Vitro: REV1 inserts dC opposite the lesion, and DNA polymerase kappa potentially catalyzes extension reaction from the 3'-dC terminus.
Hollow fibre-supported liquid membrane extraction and LC-MS/MS detection for the analysis of heterocyclic amines in urine samples.
Well-done meat intake, heterocyclic amine exposure, and cancer risk.
Application of the Margin of Exposure (MOE) approach to substances in food that are genotoxic and carcinogenic: example: CAS No: 105650-23-5 PhIP (2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine).
Determination of heterocyclic amines in urine samples by capillary liquid chromatography with evaporated light-scattering detection.
Development and validation of a liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry assay for the analysis of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and its metabolite 2-hydroxyamino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (N-OH-PhIP) in plasma, urine, bile, intestinal contents, faeces and eight selected tissues from mice.
Screening of non-polar heterocyclic amines in urine by microextraction in packed sorbent-fluorimetric detection and confirmation by capillary liquid chromatography.
Exposure to isothiocyanates suppresses urinary mutagenicity in rats treated with heterocyclic amine IQ: lack of association with CYP1 activity.
DNA adduct formation of 4-aminobiphenyl and heterocyclic aromatic amines in human hepatocytes.
Metabolism and biomarkers of heterocyclic aromatic amines in molecular epidemiology studies: lessons learned from aromatic amines.
Impact of aqueous doash extract on urinary mutagenicity in rats exposed to heterocyclic amines.
Biomonitoring of dietary heterocyclic amines and metabolites in urine by liquid phase microextraction: 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), a possible biomarker of exposure to dietary PhIP.
2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adducts in benign prostate and subsequent risk for prostate cancer.
