Assessment of PAH-exposure among coke oven workers.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and the CYP1A1 restriction fragment length polymorphism.
Sensitivity of different bacterial assays in detecting mutagens in urine of humans exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) ortho-quinone conjugate chemistry: kinetics of thiol addition to PAH ortho-quinones and structures of thioether adducts of naphthalene-1,2-dione.
Coupled-column high-performance liquid chromatographic method for the determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine of subjects exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Cigarette smoking related polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in peripheral mononuclear cells.
Benzo(a)pyrene-blood protein adducts in wild woodchucks used as biological sentinels of environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons contamination.
Evaluation of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a coke production and a graphite electrode manufacturing plant: assessment of urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene as a biological indicator of exposure.
Experiments on the effects of several factors on the 1-hydroxypyrene level in human urine as an indicator of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
An examination of the time course from human dietary exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons to urinary elimination of 1-hydroxypyrene.
Determinants of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human placenta.
Detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in white blood cells from coke oven workers: correlation with job categories.
Evaluation of urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene and thioethers in workers exposed to bitumen fumes.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon--DNA adducts in white blood cells from lung cancer patients: no correlation with adduct levels in lung.
Human fibroblasts lacking trans-stilbene oxide active glutathione transferase exhibit increased cell death when exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Molecular mechanics and antibody binding in the structural analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-diol-epoxide--DNA adducts.
Postlabeling analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in white blood cells of foundry workers.
PAH extraction and estimation of plasma flow in diseased human kidneys.
Relationship between mutagenicity and DNA adduct formation in mammalian cells for fjord- and bay-region diol-epoxides of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Low-level chemiluminescence from Drosophila melanogaster fed with chemical mutagens polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon quinones and a carcinogenic bracken fern.
Permeability of the blood-ocular barrier to mannitol and PAH during experimental diabetes.
Serological characterization of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diolepoxide-DNA adducts using monoclonal antibodies.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as an indicator of human exposure to ambient polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a coal-burning environment.
Molecular dosimetry of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon epoxides and diol epoxides via hemoglobin adducts.
Postlabeling and immunoassay analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons--adducts of deoxyribonucleic acid in white blood cells of foundry workers.
Biological monitoring of fire fighters: sister chromatid exchange and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in peripheral blood cells.
Derivative fluorescence spectral analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human placenta.
Biological monitoring of human exposure to coal tar. Urinary excretion of total polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, 1-hydroxypyrene and mutagens in psoriatic patients.
Toxicity of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. I. Effect of phenanthrene, pyrene, and their ozonized products on blood chemistry in rats.
Fluorescence line narrowing-nonphotochemical hole burning spectrometry: femtomole detection and high selectivity for intact DNA-PAH adducts.
Detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in white blood cells of foundry workers.
A-DNA accommodates adducts derived from diol epoxides of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons bound in a "side-stacking" mode.
Airborne concentrations, skin contamination, and urinary metabolite excretion of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among paving workers exposed to coal tar derived road tars.
Detection and characterization of human serum antibodies to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diol-epoxide DNA adducts.
Tubule urate and PAH transport: sensitivity and specificity of serum protein inhibition.
Biological monitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. Metabolites in urine.
Determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the urine, benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide-DNA adducts in lymphocyte DNA, and antibodies to the adducts in sera from coke oven workers exposed to measured amounts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the work atmosphere.
Inhibition of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct formation in epidermis and lungs of SENCAR mice by naturally occurring plant phenols.
Effects of sera from uninephrectomized rats on renal slices: PAH and TEA uptake and QO2.
Toxicity of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. II. Effect of NO2-nitrated phenanthrene and pyrene on blood chemistry in rats.
Effect of castration on the experimental renal hypertension of the rat. Blood pressure, nephrosclerosis, long-chain fatty acids, and N-acetylation of PAH in the kidney.
Mutagenic activity and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon levels in urine of workers exposed to coal tar pitch volatiles in an anode plant.
1-hydroxypyrene in human urine after exposure to coal tar and a coal tar derived product.
Choline and PAH transport across blood-CSF barriers: the effect of lithium.
The relationship between the levels of DNA-hydrocarbon adducts and the formation of sister-chromatid exchanges in Chinese hamster ovary cells treated with derivatives of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Evidence for PAH extraction from superficial cortical efferent vessel plasma.
Identification of 1-hydroxypyrene as a major metabolite of pyrene in pig urine.
Distribution of enzymes involved in metabolism of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among rat liver endomembranes and plasma membranes.
Determination of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by analysis of human urine.
Evidence for an inhibitor of renal urate and PAH secretion in rabbit blood.
PAH transport in rock crab urinary bladder. II. Luminal and serosal steps.
PAH secretion in the urinary bladder of a crab Cancer borealis.
Measurement of renal clearance of inulin and PAH in the steady state without urine collection.
PAH transport in rock crab (Cancer irroratus) urinary bladder.
Biological monitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in a highly polluted area of Poland.
Assessment of occupational exposure to diesel exhaust. The use of an immunoassay for the determination of urinary metabolites of nitroarenes and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Immunoperoxidase detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in oral mucosa cells of smokers and nonsmokers.
The impact of glutathione s-transferase M1 and cytochrome P450 1A1 genotypes on white-blood-cell polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct levels in humans.
Association of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (estimated from job category) with concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide in urine from workers at a steel plant.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in coal liquefaction workers: impact of a workwear policy on excretion of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Dermal absorption of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the blood-perfused pig ear.
Ambient, biological, and biological effect monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs).
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: chemistry of DNA adduct formation.
Biological markers in PAH exposed workers and controls.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a marker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in environment.
Occupational PAH exposure: urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels of coke oven workers, aluminium smelter pot-room workers, road pavers, and occupationally non-exposed persons in Sweden.
Urinary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene in volunteers exposed to pyrene by the oral and dermal route.
Patterns of 1-hydroxypyrene excretion in volunteers exposed to pyrene by the dermal route.
Background urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in non-occupationally exposed individuals in the Province of Québec, Canada, and comparison with its excretion in workers exposed to PAH mixtures.
Estimation of reference values for urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and alpha-naphthol in Danish workers.
Molecular dosimetry of DNA damage induced by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons; relevance for exposure monitoring and risk assessment.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene: a biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in coal liquefaction workers.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and the risk of bladder cancer: a French case-control study.
Significance of dermal and respiratory uptake in creosote workers: exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene.
Detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure damage using different methods in laboratory animals.
Studies of biomarkers in aluminum workers occupationally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
DNA adducts and personal air monitoring of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in an environmentally exposed population.
Interindividual differences in the concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide in urine and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in peripheral white blood cells after charbroiled beef consumption.
Tumor markers in serum, polyamines and modified nucleosides in urine, and cytogenetic aberrations in lymphocytes of workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in coal liquefaction workers: the value of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion in the development of occupational hygiene control strategies.
Coupled-column high-performance liquid chromatographic method for the determination of four metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, 1-, 4- and 9-hydroxyphenanthrene and 1-hydroxypyrene, in urine.
Adenomas induced by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in strain A/J mouse lung correlate with time-integrated DNA adduct levels.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA and protein adducts in coal tar treated patients and controls and their relationship to glutathione S-transferase genotype.
DNA adducts and carcinogenicity of nitro-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in white blood cell DNA and 1-hydroxypyrene in the urine from aluminum workers: relation with job category and synergistic effect of smoking.
Determinants of benzo[a]pyrene diol epoxide adducts to albumin in workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Exposure of iron foundry workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: benzo(a)pyrene-albumin adducts and 1-hydroxypyrene as biomarkers for exposure.
Class-specific immunoadsorption purification for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts.
Formation of aromatic DNA adducts in white blood cells in relation to urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene during consumption of grilled meat.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in smokers and their relationship to micronutrient levels and the glutathione-S-transferase M1 genotype.
Trace analysis of 3-hydroxy benzo[a]pyrene in urine for the biomonitoring of human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Improved procedure for the high-performance liquid chromatographic determination of monohydroxylated PAH metabolites in urine.
Carcinogen-DNA adducts and gene mutation in foundry workers with low-level exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Humoral immunosuppression in men exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and related carcinogens in polluted environments.
Correlation between work process-related exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and urinary levels of alpha-naphthol, beta-naphthylamine and 1-hydroxypyrene in iron foundry workers.
Reduction of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion in coke-oven workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons due to improved hygienic skin protective measures.
Quantitation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, 1-hydroxypyrene, and mutagenicity in urine of coal tar-treated psoriasis patients and untreated volunteers.
Longitudinal study of excretion of metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine from two psoriatic patients.
Identification of 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide as a major pyrene metabolite in human urine by synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Determinants of urinary thioethers, D-glucaric acid and mutagenicity after exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons assessed by air monitoring and measurement of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine: a cross-sectional study in workers of coke and graphite-electrode-producing plants.
Biological monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon in an electrode paste plant.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in petrochemical industries by measurement of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Biological monitoring of environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons; 1-hydroxypyrene in urine of people.
Structural characterization of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon dihydrodiol epoxide DNA adducts using matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization Fourier transform mass spectrometry.
Biomonitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in highly exposed coke plant workers by measurement of urinary phenanthrene and pyrene metabolites (phenols and dihydrodiols).
Detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human lung.
Association of PAH-DNA adducts in peripheral white blood cells with dietary exposure to polyaromatic hydrocarbons.
DNA adducts as a measure of lung cancer risk in humans exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
DNA adducts as biomarkers for assessing exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in tissues from Xuan Wei women with high exposure to coal combustion emissions and high lung cancer mortality.
The relationship between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in air and in urine of workers in a Söderberg potroom.
Adducts to macromolecules in the biological monitoring of workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human lung and cancer susceptibility genes.
Contribution of occupation and diet to white blood cell polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in wildland firefighters.
Increased sensitivity for determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human DNA samples by dissociation-enhanced lanthanide fluoroimmunoassay (DELFIA).
Antibodies to carcinogen-DNA adducts in mice chronically exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Effect of the reduction of skin contamination on the internal dose of creosote workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Correlation between PAH airborne concentration and PAH-DNA adducts levels in coke-oven workers.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in white blood cells and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in foundry workers.
Determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by high-performance liquid chromatography.
HPRT and glycophorin A mutations in foundry workers: relationship to PAH exposure and to PAH-DNA adducts.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in placenta, maternal blood, umbilical cord blood and milk of Indian women.
Evaluation of biomarkers in plasma, blood, and urine samples from coke oven workers: significance of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Mechanistic linkage between DNA adducts, mutations in oncogenes and tumorigenesis of carcinogenic environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in strain A/J mice.
DNA adducts in urothelial cells: relationship with biomarkers of exposure to arylamines and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from tobacco smoke.
A rapid and simple method for the analysis of 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide: a potential biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure.
Human exposure and dosimetry of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine from Xuan Wei, China with high lung cancer mortality associated with exposure to unvented coal smoke.
A sensitive color ELISA for detecting polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human tissues.
Studies of the binding of diolepoxide metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons to DNA using electrofluorescence polarization spectroscopy.
Biomonitoring of diesel exhaust-exposed workers. DNA and hemoglobin adducts and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as markers of exposure.
Comparative synchronous fluorescence spectrophotometry and 32P-postlabeling analysis of PAH-DNA adducts in human lung and the relationship to TP53 mutations.
Airborne exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene of carbon anode plant workers.
In vivo formation of mutagens by intraperitoneal administration of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in animals during exposure to nitrogen dioxide.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among Dutch children.
Exposure to PAH compounds among cokery workers in the oil shale industry.
Quantification of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins in human serum by combined micelle-mediated extraction (cloud-point extraction) and HPLC.
Urinary metabolite profile of PAH as a potential mirror of the genetic disposition for cancer.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, a PAH biomarker in foundry workers.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), nitro-PAHs and related environmental compounds: biological markers of exposure and effects.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in urine as biomarkers of exposure and effect.
1-Hydroxypyrene levels in coal-handling workers at a coke oven.
Assessment of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in engine rooms by measurement of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene, 1-, 2-, 3-, and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene in females living in an industrial area of Germany.
Immunological investigations in a group of workers exposed to various levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Characterization of 1-hydroxypyrene as a novel marker substrate of 3-methylcholanthrene-inducible phenol UDP-glucuronosyltransferase(s).
Determination of urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) for the risk assessment of PAH-exposed workers.
Immunoperoxidase quantitation of 4-aminobiphenyl- and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in exfoliated oral and urothelial cells of smokers and nonsmokers.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in beluga whales from the Arctic.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a graphite-electrode producing plant: biological monitoring of 1-hydroxypyrene and monohydroxylated metabolites of phenanthrene.
Methods for routine biological monitoring of carcinogenic PAH-mixtures.
Ambient and biological monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons at a coking plant.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels of garbage collectors with low-level exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a marker of exposure to pyrene: an epidemiological survey on a general population group.
Assessment of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons during firefighting by measurement of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Characterization of intracellular calcium responses produced by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in surface marker-defined human peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Identification of subdomain IB in human serum albumin as a major binding site for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon epoxides.
The use of benzo[a]pyrene diolepoxide-modified DNA standards for adduct quantification in 32P-postlabelling to assess exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: application in a biomonitoring study.
Exposure of coke-oven workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons based on biological monitoring results.
Elimination of 1-hydroxypyrene after human volunteer exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and their metabolites in blood, feces, and urine of rats orally exposed to PAH contaminated soils.
Environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in Czech Republic.
Application of mixed mobile phases and a step gradient method in capillary electrochromatography for the separation of isomeric polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-deoxyribonucleoside adduct mixtures prepared in vitro.
Benzo(a)pyrene-albumin adducts in humans exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in an industrial area of Poland.
Biological monitoring and biochemical effect monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
High-performance liquid chromatography of the renal blood flow marker p-aminohippuric acid (PAH) and its metabolite N-acetyl PAH improves PAH clearance measurements.
Urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene as a marker for exposure to urban air levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Temporal changes in urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in coke-oven workers.
Two cases of ras mutation associated with liver hyperplasia in dragonets (Callionymus lyra) exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Fast screening method for the profile analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in urine using derivatisation--solid-phase microextraction.
Correlation between urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and ambient air pyrene measured with an inhalable aerosol sampler and a total dust sampler in an electrode paste plant.
Local metabolism in lung airways increases the uncertainty of pyrene as a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure.
Quantitative analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls, organochlorine insecticides, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, polychlorinated hydrocarbons and polynitrohydrocarbons in spiked samples of soil, water and plasma by selected-ion monitoring gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Monitoring of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a carbon-electrode manufacturing plant.
The effect of dust-protective respirator mask and the relevance of work category on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration in PAH exposed electrode paste plant workers.
Comparison of immunoaffinity chromatography enrichment and nuclease P1 procedures for 32P-postlabelling analysis of PAH-DNA adducts.
Specific determination of PAH and its N-acetyl metabolite by HPLC increases the accuracy and precision of PAH clearance measurements.
Biological monitoring of young workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in engine repair workshops.
Separation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites by gamma-cyclodextrin-modified micellar electrokinetic chromatography with laser-induced fluorescence detection.
Effects of bulky polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon adducts on DNA replication by exonuclease-deficient T7 and T4 DNA polymerases.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in humans: relevance as biomarkers for exposure and cancer risk.
Evaluation of intra- and interindividual variation of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Relationship between blood antioxidants and occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in coke oven workers.
Urinary and biliary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene following intravenous and oral administration of pyrene in rats.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human placenta and modulation by CYP1A1 induction and genotype.
Cytochrome P450 1A1 MspI polymorphism and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in coke-oven workers.
Preventive measures reduce exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons at a graphite electrode plant.
Urinary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene following intravenous administration of binary and ternary mixtures of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in rat.
Aromatic and polycyclic hydrocarbons in air and their urinary metabolites in coke plant workers.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 and P1 genotypes and urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene in coke oven workers.
DNA adduct formation in mammalian cell cultures by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and nitro-PAH in coke oven emission extract.
A study for the proper application of urinary naphthols, new biomarkers for airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Effect of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on the elimination kinetics of pyrene and the urinary excretion profile of 1-hydroxypyrene in the rat.
Immunohistochemical detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA damage in human blood vessels of smokers and non-smokers.
Benzo[a]pyrene diol-epoxide DNA adducts and levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in autoptic samples from human lungs.
Evaluation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in exfoliated oral cells by an immunohistochemical assay.
DNA damage in humans exposed to environmental and dietary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: correlations between DNA adducts and ras oncogene mutations.
Synthesis and characterization of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon o-quinone depurinating N7-guanine adducts.
HPLC/fluorescence determination of anti-BPDE-DNA adducts in mononuclear white blood cells from PAH-exposed humans.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposures of children in low-income families.
Assessment of the bioavailability of PAHs in rats exposed to a polluted soil by natural routes: induction of EROD activity and DNA adducts and PAH burden in both liver and lung.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and genotoxic effects on nonsmoking Swedish road pavement workers.
Seasonal effect on airborne pyrene, urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, and benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide-hemoglobin adducts in the general population.
Detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites by high-pressure liquid chromatography after purification on immunoaffinity columns in urine from occupationally exposed workers.
PAH extraction and estimation of plasma flow in human postischemic acute renal failure.
Investigation of some immunological functions in a group of asphalt workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Influence of GSTM1 genotypes on anti-BPDE-DNA adduct levels in mononuclear white blood cells of humans exposed to PAH.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in cervical smears of smokers and nonsmokers.
Cancer initiation by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons results from formation of stable DNA adducts rather than apurinic sites.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and other PAH metabolites as biomarkers of exposure to environmental PAH in air particulate matter.
Comparison of three analytical methods for 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide in urine after non-occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Variations in urinary 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide in relation to smoking and the modification effects of GSTM1 and GSTT1.
Automated column-switching high-performance liquid chromatography method for the determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine.
Environmental pollution and human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the east Baltic region.
Alternative pathways of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons activation: the formation of polar DNA adducts.
Role of a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon bay region ring in modulating DNA adduct structure: the non-bay region (8S,9R,10S, 11R)-N(6)-[11-(8,9,10,11-tetrahydro-8,9, 10-trihydroxybenz[a]anthracenyl)]-2'-deoxyadenosyl adduct in codon 61 of the human N-ras protooncogene.
The effect of coal stoves and environmental tobacco smoke on the level of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Biomarkers of carcinogenesis in humans exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Dermal exposure assessment of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: in vitro percutaneous penetration from lubricating oil.
Exposure-route-dependent DNA adduct formation by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Formation of stable DNA adducts and apurinic sites upon metabolic activation of bay and fjord region polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human cell cultures.
Altered electrophoretic migration of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon and styrene oxide adducts at adenine N(6) correlates with adduct-induced structural disorder.
Personal exposure to atmospheric polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a general adult population and lung cancer risk assessment.
Association between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct levels in maternal and newborn white blood cells and glutathione S-transferase P1 and CYP1A1 polymorphisms.
Polymorphisms of the GSTP1 and GSTM1 genes and PAH-DNA adducts in human mononuclear white blood cells.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in an artificial shooting target factory: assessment of 1-hydroxypyrene urinary excretion as a biological indicator of exposure.
Simultaneous determination of inulin and p-aminohippuric acid (PAH) in human plasma and urine by high-performance liquid chromatography.
Biomonitoring of environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure by simultaneous measurement of urinary phenanthrene, pyrene and benzo[a]pyrene hydroxides.
Development and modification of a recombinant cell bioassay to directly detect halogenated and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in serum.
CYP1A1 and GSTM1 polymorphisms affect urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels after PAH exposure.
Unrepaired fjord region polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in ras codon 61 mutational hot spots.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure of workers on a contaminated site: influence of exposure conditions.
High-performance liquid chromatographic method with fluorescence detection for the determination of 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene and 3-hydroxybenz[a]anthracene in the urine of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-exposed workers.
Biomonitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons of nonoccupationally exposed persons.
Expression of CYP1A1, CYP1B1 and CYP3A, and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct formation in bronchoalveolar macrophages of smokers and non-smokers.
DNA adducts produced by oils, oil fractions and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in relation to repair processes and skin carcinogenesis.
Immunohistochemical analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in breast tumor tissue.
New synthetic approaches to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their carcinogenic oxidized metabolites: derivatives of benzo[s]picene, benzo[rst]pentaphene, and dibenzo[b,def]chrysene.
Assessment of multipathway exposure of small children to PAH.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a fireproof stone producing plant: biological monitoring of 1-hydroxypyrene, 1-, 2-, 3- and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene, 3-hydroxybenz(a)anthracene and 3-hydroxybenzo(a)pyrene.
Immunoperoxidase detection of 4-aminobiphenyl- and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons-DNA adducts in induced sputum of smokers and non-smokers.
UVA-Induced DNA single-strand cleavage by 1-hydroxypyrene and formation of covalent adducts between DNA and 1-hydroxypyrene.
Studies of the mechanisms of adduction of 2'-deoxyadenosine with styrene oxide and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon dihydrodiol epoxides.
Indoor exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and carbon monoxide in traditional houses in Burundi.
Immunoperoxidase detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in mouth floor and buccal mucosa cells of smokers and nonsmokers.
The association between glutathione S-transferase M1 genotype and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in breast tissue.
CYP1A1, GSTM1, and GSTP1 genetic polymorphisms and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion in non-occupationally exposed individuals.
PAH metabolites in bile, cytochrome P4501A and DNA adducts as environmental risk parameters for chronic oil exposure: a laboratory experiment with Atlantic cod.
Trends of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon levels and mutagenicity in Santiago's inhalable airborne particles in the period 1992-1996.
Benchmark guideline for urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as biomarker of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Oral administration of naturally occurring coumarins leads to altered phase I and II enzyme activities and reduced DNA adduct formation by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in various tissues of SENCAR mice.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol concentrations in male Koreans.
Laser-induced fluorescence detection at 266 nm in capillary electrophoresis. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in biota.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure and burden of outdoor workers in Budapest.
Plasma steroid levels in female flounder (Platichthys flesus) after chronic dietary exposure to single polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Effects of occupation, lifestyle and genetic polymorphisms of CYP1A1, CYP2E1, GSTM1 and GSTT1 on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol concentrations.
Urinary monohydroxylated phenanthrenes and hydroxypyrene--the effects of smoking habits and changes induced by smoking on monooxygenase-mediated metabolism.
Milk--blood transfer of (14)C-tagged polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in pigs.
Biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA damage and cigarette smoke exposures in paired maternal and newborn blood samples as a measure of differential susceptibility.
O(6)-allyl protected deoxyguanosine adducts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons as building blocks for the synthesis of oligonucleotides.
Biological monitoring the exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons of coke oven workers in relation to smoking and genetic polymorphisms for GSTM1 and GSTT1.
Comparative analysis of PAH:DNA adducts formed in lung of mice exposed to neat coal tar and soils contaminated with coal tar.
Personal exposures to PM(2.5) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their relationship to environmental tobacco smoke at two locations in Greece.
DNA adduct formation and DNA strand breaks in green-lipped mussels (Perna viridis) exposed to benzo[a]pyrene: dose- and time-dependent relationships.
Immunoperoxidase detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in breast tissue sections.
Biomarkers of genotoxicity of air pollution (the AULIS project): bulky DNA adducts in subjects with moderate to low exposures to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their relationship to environmental tobacco smoke and other parameters.
Biomarkers of genotoxicity of urban air pollution. Overview and descriptive data from a molecular epidemiology study on populations exposed to moderate-to-low levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: the AULIS project.
Environmental exposure of small children to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Alternative high-performance liquid chromatographic assay for p-aminohippuric acid (PAH): effect of aging on PAH excretion in the isolated perfused rat kidney.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in coke oven workers relative to exposure, alcohol consumption, and metabolic enzymes.
Effects of genetic polymorphisms of CYP1A1, CYP2E1, GSTM1, and GSTT1 on the urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol in aircraft maintenance workers.
Biological monitoring of environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in subjects living in the vicinity of a creosote impregnation plant.
PAH-DNA adducts in a petrol refinery in Egypt.
Detection of antibodies to the benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide-DNA adducts in sera from individuals exposed to low doses of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Monitoring polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in human urine: extraction and purification with a sol-gel glass immunosorbent.
Biliary PAH metabolites and EROD activity in flounder (Platichthys flesus) from a contaminated estuarine environment.
Influence of GSTM1 genotype on association between aromatic DNA adducts and urinary PAH metabolites in incineration workers.
Different effects on human topoisomerase I by minor groove and intercalated deoxyguanosine adducts derived from two polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diol epoxides at or near a normal cleavage site.
The effect of relevant genotypes on PAH exposure-related biomarkers.
Exposure to genotoxins present in ambient air in Bangkok, Thailand--particle associated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and biomarkers.
Molecular epidemiologic studies of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and breast cancer.
Influence of polymorphism of GSTM1 gene on association between glycophorin a mutant frequency and urinary PAH metabolites in incineration workers.
Quantification of monohydroxy-PAH metabolites in urine by solid-phase extraction with isotope dilution-GC-MS.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in liver tissues of hepatocellular carcinoma patients and controls.
EROD activity, serum SDH and PAH biliary metabolites in sand flathead (Platycephalus bassensis) collected in Port Phillip Bay, Australia.
Assessment of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in police in Florence, Italy, through personal air sampling and biological monitoring of the urinary metabolite 1-hydroxypyrene.
Susceptibility factors and DNA adducts in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of aluminium smelter workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Ambient and biological monitoring of coke plant workers -- determination of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Quantitative determination of 1 -hydroxypyrene in bovine urine samples using high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence and mass spectrometric detection.
Derivative matrix isopotential synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy for the direct determination of 1-hydroxypyrene as a urinary biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Development of a chemiluminescent enzyme immunoassay for urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of internal dose of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in carbon black workers.
Highly increased urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion rate in patients with atopic dermatitis treated with topical coal tar.
Biomonitoring of tobacco smoke carcinogenicity by dosimetry of DNA adducts and genotyping and phenotyping of biotransformational enzymes: a review on polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Urinary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene in rats subchronically exposed to pyrene or polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon mixtures.
Determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection using a deuterated internal standard.
Polymorphisms in the DNA repair enzyme XPD are associated with increased levels of PAH-DNA adducts in a case-control study of breast cancer.
Biomonitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine.
Determination of selected monohydroxy metabolites of 2-, 3- and 4-ring polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine by solid-phase microextraction and isotope dilution gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Cytochrome P450 1B1 mRNA levels in peripheral blood cells and exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in Chinese coke oven workers.
Exposure of garbage truck drivers and maintenance personnel at a waste handling centre to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons derived from diesel exhaust.
A non-destructive assessment of the exposure of crabs to PAH using ELISA analyses of their urine and haemolymph.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-inducible DNA adducts: evidence by 32P-postlabeling and use of knockout mice for Ah receptor-independent mechanisms of metabolic activation in vivo.
Semiquantitation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human esophagus by immunohistochemistry and the automated cellular imaging system.
1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in boilermakers.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in workers exposed to coke oven emissions at various locations in a coke oven plant.
Palladium-catalyzed synthesis of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon epoxide-nucleoside adducts: the first amination of a chloro nucleoside.
Correlation of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol with total suspended particulates in ambient air in municipal middle-school students in Korea.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human sperm as a marker of DNA damage and infertility.
A single site-specific trans-opened 7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene 7,8-diol 9,10-epoxide N2-deoxyguanosine adduct induces mutations at multiple sites in DNA.
The changes of T-PAH levels and health status of mussels in Izmit bay (Turkey) after Marmara earthquake and subsequent refinery fire.
Oxidative DNA base modifications and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts in squamous cell carcinoma of larynx.
Simultaneous analysis of naphthols, phenanthrols, and 1-hydroxypyrene in urine as biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure: intraindividual variance in the urinary metabolite excretion profiles caused by intervention with beta-naphthoflavone induction in the rat.
Quantification of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in human hair by HPLC with fluorescence detection: a biological monitoring method to evaluate the exposure to PAHs.
Sulfotransferase 1A1 (SULT1A1) polymorphism, PAH-DNA adduct levels in breast tissue and breast cancer risk in a case-control study.
Biomarker responses and PAH uptake in Mya truncata following exposure to oil-contaminated sediment in an Arctic fjord (Svalbard).
A cross-sectional study of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and polymorphism of glutathione S-transferases among heavy smokers by race/ethnicity.
Genetic effects on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in a Korean population.
Comparison of biomarker and pathological responses in flounder (Platichthys flesus L.) induced by ingested polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) contamination.
Detection of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine by direct fluorometric analysis on a solid sorbing phase. Validation and application of the method to biological monitoring of PAH-exposed persons.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts among rickshaw drivers in Dhaka City, Bangladesh.
DNA damage in T- and B-lymphocytes and granulocytes in emission inspection and incineration workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Leukocyte 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine and aromatic DNA adduct in coke-oven workers with polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure.
Health risks of residential exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Influence of genetic polymorphisms of CYP1A1 and GSTM1 on the urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene.
Urinary excretion of 8-hydroxy-2-deoxyguanosine and 1-hydroxypyrene in coke-oven workers.
The interaction between alcohol consumption and GSTM1 genotype on polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct levels in breast tissue.
Evaluation of impact of PAH on a tropical fish, Oreochromis mossambicus using multiple biomarkers.
Electrophilic tissue burden in male Sprague-Dawley rats following repeated exposure to binary mixtures of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Immunological findings in a group of coke-oven workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Air concentrations and urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among paving and remixing workers.
A new approach to evaluating the extent of Michael adduct formation to PAH quinones: tetramethylammonium hydroxide (TMAH) thermochemolysis with GC/MS.
Effects of genetic polymorphisms in metabolic enzymes on the relationships between 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine levels in human leukocytes and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol concentrations.
Urinary PAH metabolites influenced by genetic polymorphisms of GSTM1 in male hospital incinerator workers.
Sources of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in non-occupationally exposed Koreans.
Dietary fibers reduce the urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene following intravenous administration of pyrene.
r-1,t-2,3,c-4-Tetrahydroxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydrophenanthrene in human urine: a potential biomarker for assessing polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolic activation.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and mutagenicity in bus drivers and mail carriers exposed to urban air pollution in Denmark.
Biomarker responses and chemical analyses in fish indicate leakage of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and other compounds from car tire rubber.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-deoxyribonucleic acid (PAH-DNA) adduct levels and exposure to coke oven emissions among workers in Taiwan.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as an indicator for assessing the exposures of booth attendants of a highway toll station to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Albumin adducts of naphthalene metabolites as biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Correlation between biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure and electrophilic tissue burden in a rat model.
Creatinine normalization in biological monitoring revisited: the case of 1-hydroxypyrene.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and t,t-muconic acid as biomarkers of exposure to environmental pollutants in two areas in Italy (EPIC-Florence and Ragusa).
Association between urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and genotoxic effects in coke oven workers.
Chemical (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon and heavy metal) levels in contaminated stormwater and sediments from a motorway dry detention pond drainage system.
Rapid assessment of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure in decapod crustaceans by fluorimetric analysis of urine and haemolymph.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts determined by semiquantitative immunohistochemistry in human esophageal biopsies taken in 1985.
Biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from environmental air pollution.
Synthesis of the o-quinones and other oxidized metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons implicated in carcinogenesis.
Determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in children urine using column-switching liquid chromatography and fluorescence detection.
Naphthalene and its biomarkers as measures of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Effects of reduced cigarette smoking on levels of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine.
Detecting a field gradient of PAH exposure in decapod crustacea using a novel urinary biomarker.
Urinary PAH metabolites as biomarkers of exposure in aquatic environments.
Parental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and the risk of childhood brain tumors: The SEARCH International Childhood Brain Tumor Study.
Alteration in phase I and II enzyme activities and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons-DNA adduct formation by plant phenolics in mouse epidermis.
Improved method for determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine.
Increased urinary excretion of 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine in engine room personnel exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Antisera to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their application on the detection of chemical carcinogens in blood sera of oncological patients.
Non-smoking coke oven workers show an occupational PAH exposure-related increase in urinary mutagens.
Air levels of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons after the World Trade Center disaster.
Applicability of the black slug Arion ater for monitoring exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their subsequent bioactivation into DNA binding metabolites.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure among asphalt paving workers.
Effects of occupational polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure on T-lymphocyte functions and natural killer cell activity in asphalt and coke oven workers.
Comparison of 1-hydroxypyrene exposure in the US population with that in occupational exposure studies.
Selective detection of monohydroxy metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine using liquid chromatography/triple quadrupole tandem mass spectrometry.
Protein biomarkers in the plasma of workers occupationally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons suppresses constitutive expression of CYP1B1 on the transcript level in human leukocytes.
Reduced nucleotide excision repair and GSTM1-null genotypes influence anti-B[a]PDE-DNA adduct levels in mononuclear white blood cells of highly PAH-exposed coke oven workers.
Contribution of multidrug resistance protein 2 (MRP2/ABCC2) to the renal excretion of p-aminohippurate (PAH) and identification of MRP4 (ABCC4) as a novel PAH transporter.
Mass spectrometric analysis of 7-sulfoxymethyl-12-methylbenz[a]anthracene and related electrophilic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites.
Evaluation of biological monitoring markers using genomic and proteomic analysis for automobile emission inspectors and waste incinerating workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons or 2,3,7,8,-tetracholrodedibenzo-p-dioxins.
Effect of 'PC Game Room' use and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure on plasma testosterone concentrations in young male Koreans.
Polymorphism in the DNA repair gene XPD, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, cigarette smoking, and breast cancer risk.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in prostate cancer.
Human colon microbiota transform polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons to estrogenic metabolites.
Decomposition of benzene in the RF plasma environment. Part II. Formation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and mechanism of action.
Immunofluorescent detection of 8-oxo-dG and PAH bulky adducts in fish liver and mussel digestive gland.
Physiological and genetic responses of European eel (Anguilla anguilla L.) to short-term chromium or copper exposure-Influence of preexposure to a PAH-like compound.
Kinetics of nucleotide incorporation opposite polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts by processive bacteriophage T7 DNA polymerase.
Genotoxic risk assessment in white blood cells of occupationally exposed workers before and after alteration of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) profile in the production material: comparison with PAH air and urinary metabolite levels.
Dermal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among road pavers.
Polymorphisms in XRCC1 modify the association between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, cigarette smoking, dietary antioxidants, and breast cancer risk.
Chromosomal aberrations in cord blood are associated with prenatal exposure to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Synthesis of adducts of o-quinone metabolites of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with 2'-deoxyribonucleosides.
A urinary metabolite of phenanthrene as a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolic activation in workers exposed to residual oil fly ash.
DNA damage from polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons measured by benzo[a]pyrene-DNA adducts in mothers and newborns from Northern Manhattan, the World Trade Center Area, Poland, and China.
Theoretical study of aza-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (aza-PAHs), modelling carbocations from oxidized metabolites and their covalent adducts with representative nucleophiles.
Occupation, exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and laryngeal cancer risk.
High exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons may contribute to high risk of esophageal cancer in northeastern Iran.
Residential environmental exposures and other characteristics associated with detectable PAH-DNA adducts in peripheral mononuclear cells in a population-based sample of adult females.
Current external and internal exposure to naphthalene of workers occupationally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in different industries.
Formation of PAH-DNA adducts after in vivo and vitro exposure of rats and lung cells to different commercial carbon blacks.
Urinary metal and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon biomarkers in boilermakers exposed to metal fume and residual oil fly ash.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in German industries: association between exogenous exposure and urinary metabolites and its modulation by enzyme polymorphisms.
Transcription past DNA adducts derived from polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Evaluation of the relationships between biochemical endpoints of PAH exposure and physiological endpoints of reproduction in male California Halibut (Paralichthys californicus) exposed to sediments from a natural oil seep.
DNA adduct formation of benzo[a]pyrene in white blood cells of workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide as a biomarker of exposure to various vehicle exhausts among highway toll-station workers in Taipei, Taiwan.
Relationships among polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, proximity to the World Trade Center, and effects on fetal growth.
Cytogenetic and immunological changes after dermal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and UV radiation.
Effect of genetic polymorphisms of MnSOD and MPO on the relationship between PAH exposure and oxidative DNA damage.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in children living in city and rural residences in Denmark.
Analysis of 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine among workers exposed to diesel particulate exhaust: comparison with urinary metabolites and PAH air monitoring.
Design issues in cross-sectional biomarkers studies: urinary biomarkers of PAH exposure and oxidative stress.
GSTM1 [corrected] deletion modifies the levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human sperm.
A summary of recent findings on birth outcomes and developmental effects of prenatal ETS, PAH, and pesticide exposures.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct formation in prostate carcinogenesis.
Recombination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon photoions with electrons in a flowing afterglow plasma.
Quantification of several monohydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine by high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection.
Reference range levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the US population by measurement of urinary monohydroxy metabolites.
The use of chemical derivatization to enhance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometric determination of 1-hydroxypyrene, a biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine.
Solid-phase extraction and purification for the quantification of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in fish bile.
Biological monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by determination of unmetabolized compounds in urine.
Induction of hepatic cytochrome P450 isozymes, benzo(a)pyrene metabolism and DNA binding following exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon residues generated during repeated fish fried oil in rats.
Assessment of soil remediation workers' exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH): biomonitoring of naphthols, phenanthrols, and 1-hydroxypyrene in urine.
Modulation of gene expression and DNA adduct formation in HepG2 cells by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with different carcinogenic potencies.
Probabilistic risk assessment for personal exposure to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in Taiwanese temples.
Asthma attack associated with oxidative stress by exposure to ETS and PAH.
Health risk assessment on human exposed to environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons pollution sources.
Sperm DNA damage correlates with polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons biomarker in coke-oven workers.
Assessing PAH exposure in feral finfish from the Northwest Atlantic.
Effect of exposure to soil-bound polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on milk contaminations of parent compounds and their monohydroxylated metabolites.
Decreasing urinary PAH metabolites and 7-methylguanine after smoking cessation.
Effect of urban traffic, individual habits, and genetic polymorphisms on background urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion.
Selective immunoclean-up followed by liquid chromatography for the monitoring of a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine at the ng l-1 level.
Levels of 1-hydroxypyrene and other monohydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in children: a study based on U.S. reference range values.
Comparison between external and internal standard calibration in the validation of an analytical method for 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by high-performance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry.
Evaluation of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, S-phenylmercapturic acid, trans,trans-muconic acid, 3-methyladenine, 3-ethyladenine, 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine and thioethers as biomarkers of exposure to cigarette smoke.
Polyurethane foam chips combined with liquid chromatography in the determination of unmetabolized polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons excreted in human urine.
An assessment of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the UK.
Sex differences in risk of lung cancer: Expression of genes in the PAH bioactivation pathway in relation to smoking and bulky DNA adducts.
Automated solid-phase extraction method for measuring urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in human biomonitoring using isotope-dilution gas chromatography high-resolution mass spectrometry.
Aflatoxin B1 and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon adducts, p53 mutations and p16 methylation in liver tissue and plasma of hepatocellular carcinoma patients.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of PAH exposure in 3-year-old Ukrainian children.
Fast simultaneous determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Induction of the transferrin receptor gene by benzo[a]pyrene in breast cancer MCF-7 cells: potential as a biomarker of PAH exposure.
IGHMBP2 Thr671Ala polymorphism might be a modifier for the effects of cigarette smoking and PAH-DNA adducts to breast cancer risk.
Intercalating polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts poison DNA religation by Vaccinia topoisomerase and act as roadblocks to digestion by exonuclease III.
Translesion synthesis across polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diol epoxide adducts of deoxyadenosine by Sulfolobus solfataricus DNA polymerase Dpo4.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and breast cancer: a pooled analysis.
Study of metabolites from the degradation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) by bacterial consortium enriched from mangrove sediments.
Validation and calibration of a model used to reconstruct historical exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons for use in epidemiologic studies.
Estimating exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: a comparison of survey, biological monitoring, and geographic information system-based methods.
The influence of genetic polymorphisms in Ahr, CYP1A1, CYP1A2, CYP1B1, GST M1, GST T1 and UGT1A1 on urine 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide concentrations in healthy subjects from Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
External and internal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) among workers in the production of fire-proof materials - proposal of a biological monitoring guidance value.
Effect of prenatal exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on neurodevelopment in the first 3 years of life among inner-city children.
PAH-DNA adducts in cord blood and fetal and child development in a Chinese cohort.
Measurement of urinary monohydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons using automated liquid-liquid extraction and gas chromatography/isotope dilution high-resolution mass spectrometry.
Sensitive biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs): urinary 1-hydroxyprene glucuronide in relation to smoking and low ambient levels of exposure.
Effects of genetic polymorphisms CYP1A1, GSTM1, GSTT1 and GSTP1 on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in sugarcane workers.
Simultaneous determination of urinary hydroxylated metabolites of naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene, fluoranthene and pyrene as multiple biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Occupational exposures to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, and respiratory and urinary tract cancers: a quantitative review to 2005.
Comparison of the urinary excretion time courses of pyrene-1,6-dione, pyrene-1,8-dione and 1-hydroxypyrene in rats intravenously exposed to pyrene.
Associations between exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and temporal change of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in Taiwanese coke-oven workers.
Improved glucuronide hydrolysis in the determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Comet assay for the detection of genotoxicity in blood cells of flounder (Paralichthys olivaceus) exposed to sediments and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Multipathway polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon and pyrene exposure among children living in Campania (Italy).
Comparison of polymorphisms in genes involved in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolism with urinary phenanthrene metabolite ratios in smokers.
Prostate cancer risk from occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons interacting with the GSTP1 Ile105Val polymorphism.
Increased health risk in Bangkok children exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from traffic-related sources.
High levels of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in 20 brands of Chinese cigarettes.
International studies of prenatal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and fetal growth.
Modulation of gene expression and DNA-adduct formation in precision-cut liver slices exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons of different carcinogenic potency.
A pilot study on using urinary 1-hydroxypyrene biomarker for exposure to PAHs in Beijing.
Determination of phenolic metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine as their pentafluorobenzyl ether derivatives using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
A psychoacoustical model for specifying the level and spectrum of acoustic warning signals in the workplace.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon- and aflatoxin-albumin adducts, hepatitis B virus infection and hepatocellular carcinoma in Taiwan.
Fluorescence in situ hybridization is necessary to detect an association between chromosome aberrations and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in utero and reveals nonrandom chromosome involvement.
Metabolic enzyme induction by HepG2 cells exposed to oxygenated and nonoxygenated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Polyaromatic hydrocarbon and PAH metabolite burdens in oiled common guillemots (Uria aalge) stranded on the east coast of England (2001 -2002).
Elevated concentrations of 1-hydroxypyrene in schoolchildren during winter in Christchurch, New Zealand.
Leukocyte polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct formation and colorectal adenoma.
Induction of DNA strand breaks in the mussel (Mytilus trossulus) and clam (Protothaca staminea) following chronic field exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from the Exxon Valdez spill.
Role of GSTT1 deletion in DNA oxidative damage by exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in humans.
1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of PAH exposure among subjects living in two separate regions from a steel mill.
Inhalation and dietary exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in non-smoking university students.
PAH-DNA adducts in environmentally exposed population in relation to metabolic and DNA repair gene polymorphisms.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene level relative to vehicle exhaust exposure mediated by metabolic enzyme polymorphisms.
Analysis of urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in incineration workers.
The relationship between biomarkers of oxidative DNA damage, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts, antioxidant status and genetic susceptibility following exposure to environmental air pollution in humans.
3-Hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene in the urine of workers with occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in different industries.
Urinary hydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons as biomarkers of exposure in asphalt workers.
Exposure to environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: influences on cellular susceptibility to DNA damage (sampling Kosice and Sofia).
The influence of metabolic gene polymorphisms on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in Chinese coke oven workers.
Dermal exposure and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene among asphalt roofing workers.
Milk and urine excretion of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their hydroxylated metabolites after a single oral administration in ruminants.
1,2-Dimethylimidazole-4-sulfonyl chloride, a novel derivatization reagent for the analysis of phenolic compounds by liquid chromatography electrospray tandem mass spectrometry: application to 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine.
Efficient syntheses of C(8)-aryl adducts of adenine and guanine formed by reaction of radical cation metabolites of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with DNA.
Characterizing and biological monitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in exposures to diesel exhaust.
DNA adducts and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) tissue levels in blue mussels (Mytilus spp.) from Nordic coastal sites.
Path analysis of biomarkers of exposure and early biological effects among coke-oven workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Associations between smoking, polymorphisms in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolism and conjugation genes and PAH-DNA adducts in prostate tumors differ by race.
Biological monitoring of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) by determination of monohydroxylated metabolites of phenanthrene and pyrene in urine.
Effects of lifestyle on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration.
Higher urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration is associated with cooking practice in a Chinese population.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in cervix of women infected with carcinogenic human papillomavirus types: an immunohistochemistry study.
Environmental exposure to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons--the interpretation of cytogenetic analysis by FISH.
Genetic variation of TP53, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-related exposures, and breast cancer risk among women on Long Island, New York.
An alternatively spliced cytochrome P4501A1 in human brain fails to bioactivate polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons to DNA-reactive metabolites.
Directing role of organic anion transporters in the excretion of mercapturic acids of alkylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Significant positive correlation of plasma BPDE-albumin adducts to urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in coke oven workers.
Biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-associated hemolytic anemia in oiled wildlife.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in Chinese coke oven workers relative to job category, respirator usage, and cigarette smoking.
Binary PAH mixtures cause additive or antagonistic effects on gene expression but synergistic effects on DNA adduct formation.
Risk assessment of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by means of urinary1-hydroxypyrene.
Blood levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in children of Lucknow, India.
Dose-response modeling of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with biomarkers of exposure and effect.
PAH-DNA adducts in a Chinese population: relationship to PAH exposure, smoking and polymorphisms of metabolic and DNA repair genes.
Determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by acid hydrolysis coupled to solid-phase microextraction and semi-microcolumn liquid chromatography.
The role of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in inducing mutations in mouse skin.
Polymorphisms in nucleotide excision repair genes, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, and breast cancer risk.
Relationship between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, environmental tobacco smoke, and child development in the World Trade Center cohort.
Microwave-assisted Suzuki cross-coupling reaction, a key step in the synthesis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their metabolites.
DNA adducts formation and induction of apoptosis in rat liver epithelial 'stem-like' cells exposed to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Determination of hydroxy metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by fully automated solid-phase microextraction derivatization and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in Steller's eiders (Polysticta stelleri) and Harlequin ducks (Histronicus histronicus) in the eastern Aleutian Islands, Alaska, USA.
Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group C genotypes/diplotypes play no independent or interaction role with polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons-DNA adducts for breast cancer risk.
1-Hydroxypyrene concentrations in first morning voids and 24-h composite urine: intra- and inter-individual comparisons.
Blood levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in children and their association with oxidative stress indices: an Indian perspective.
New reference value and the background exposure for the PAH metabolites 1-hydroxypyrene and 1- and 2-naphthol in urine of the general population in Germany: basis for validation of human biomonitoring data in environmental medicine.
Strategies for synthesis of adducts of omicron-quinone metabolites of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with 2'-deoxyribonucleosides.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP) in environmental and occupational studies--a review.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon--DNA adducts in prostate and biochemical recurrence after prostatectomy.
Precision limits and interval estimation in the calibration of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine and hexachlorbenzene in water, applying the regression triplet procedure on chromatographic data.
Assessment of interactions between PAH exposure and genetic polymorphisms on PAH-DNA adducts in African American, Dominican, and Caucasian mothers and newborns.
1-Hydroxypyrene in milk and urine as a bioindicator of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure of ruminants.
Synthesis of dibenzo[def,p]chrysene, its active metabolites, and their 13C-labeled analogues.
Mutagenicity and DNA adduct formation of PAH, nitro-PAH, and oxy-PAH fractions of atmospheric particulate matter from São Paulo, Brazil.
Comparison of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon levels in placental tissues of Indian women with full- and preterm deliveries.
Concentration and profile of 22 urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in the US population.
Monitoring polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon pollution in the marine environment after the Prestige oil spill by means of seabird blood analysis.
Direct quantification of monohydroxy-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in synthetic urine samples via solid-phase extraction-room-temperature fluorescence excitation-emission matrix spectroscopy.
Levels of 1-hydroxypyrene, symptoms and immunologic markers in vulcanization workers in the southern Sweden rubber industries.
Alteration of sperm quality and hormone levels by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on airborne particulate particles.
Direct measurement of the glucuronide conjugate of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by using liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry.
Sampling and analytical method development and hand wipe measurements of dermal exposures to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Genotoxicity of combined exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and UVA--a mechanistic study.
The exposure of temple workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Occupational PAH exposures during prescribed pile burns.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure, urinary mutagenicity, and DNA adducts in rubber manufacturing workers.
New biomarkers of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Association of aryl hydrocarbon receptor gene polymorphisms and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-exposed workers.
Interactions between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in binary mixtures: effects on gene expression and DNA adduct formation in precision-cut rat liver slices.
Vitellogenin induction and increased plasma 17beta-estradiol concentrations in male Nile tilapia, Oreochromis niloticus, exposed to organochlorine pollutants and polycyclic aromatics hydrocarbons.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, air pollution exposure and associated life style factors in pregnant women.
Chemometrics-assisted excitation-emission fluorescence spectroscopy on nylon membranes. Simultaneous determination of benzo[a]pyrene and dibenz[a,h]anthracene at parts-per-trillion levels in the presence of the remaining EPA PAH priority pollutants as interferences.
Micronuclei related to anti-B[a]PDE-DNA adduct in peripheral blood lymphocytes of heavily polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-exposed nonsmoking coke-oven workers and controls.
Non-destructive assessment of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure by fluorimetric analysis of crab urine.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and malondialdehyde in male workers in Chinese restaurants.
Measurement of transferable chemical residue from nylon carpet using the California roller and a new mega-California roller.
Development of a gas chromatography/mass spectrometry method to quantify several urinary monohydroxy metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in occupationally exposed subjects.
Serum polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among children with and without asthma: correlation to environmental and dietary factors.
Urinary naphthalene and phenanthrene as biomarkers of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Determinants of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide in South Korean children.
Analysis of hydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine using comprehensive two-dimensional gas chromatography with a flame ionization detector.
The zebrafish gill model: induction of CYP1A, EROD and PAH adduct formation.
1-Hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of PAH exposure in the marine polychaete Nereis diversicolor.
Quantum chemical studies on ultimate carcinogenic metabolites from polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Quantification of 13 priority polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine by headspace solid-phase microextraction gas chromatography-isotope dilution mass spectrometry.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and PAH exposure in 4-year-old Spanish children.
Urinary levels of oxidative DNA and RNA damage among workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in silicon production: comparison with 1-hydroxypyrene.
Quantification of phase I/II metabolizing enzyme gene expression and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct levels in human prostate.
PAH exposure in a Ghanaian population at high risk for aflatoxicosis.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and survival among women with breast cancer.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites in Atlantic cod exposed via water or diet to a synthetic produced water.
Antaxia-telangiectasia mutated gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to chromosomal damage among polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposed workers.
Urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in relation to idiopathic male infertility.
Urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and monohydroxy metabolites as biomarkers of exposure in coke oven workers.
Relation of DNA methylation of 5'-CpG island of ACSL3 to transplacental exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and childhood asthma.
Synchronous fluorescence determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, beta-naphthol and 9-hydroxyphenanthrene based on the sensitizing effect of beta-cyclodextrin.
Involuntary tobacco smoke exposure and urinary levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the United States, 1999 to 2002.
Using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry to quantify monohydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine.
Uridine diphosphoglucuronosyltransferase 1A7 gene polymorphism and susceptibility to chromosomal damage among polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposed workers.
The occupational exposure of dermatology nurses to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons - evaluating the effectiveness of better skin protection.
PAH-DNA adducts, cigarette smoking, GST polymorphisms, and breast cancer risk.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in offshore workers.
Blood phenylalanine concentrations in patients with PAH-deficient hyperphenylalaninaemia off diet without and with three different single oral doses of tetrahydrobiopterin: assessing responsiveness in a model of statistical process control.
Global and gene-specific promoter methylation changes are related to anti-B[a]PDE-DNA adduct levels and influence micronuclei levels in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-exposed individuals.
A novel headspace solid-phase microextraction method using in situ derivatization and a diethoxydiphenylsilane fibre for the gas chromatography-mass spectrometry determination of urinary hydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Biomarkers measured by cytokinesis-block micronucleus cytome assay for evaluating genetic damages induced by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and DNA damage by industry: a nationwide study in Germany.
Using gold nanoparticles to improve the recovery and the limits of detection for the analysis of monohydroxy-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine samples.
Determination of hydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human hair by gas chromatography-negative chemical ionization mass spectrometry.
Investigation of PAH biomarkers in the urine of workers exposed to hot asphalt.
Relation between urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and human semen quality.
Urinary excretion of phenolic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAH) in nonsmokers and in smokers of cigarettes with different ISO tar yields.
Modulation of the effect of prenatal PAH exposure on PAH-DNA adducts in cord blood by plasma antioxidants.
Circulating antibodies directed against "polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-like" structures in the sera of cancer patients.
Candidate biomarker discovery in plasma of juvenile cod (Gadus morhua) exposed to crude North Sea oil, alkyl phenols and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs).
Variability of urinary concentrations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolite in general population and comparison of spot, first-morning, and 24-h void sampling.
PAH biomarker responses in polar cod (Boreogadus saida) exposed to benzo(a)pyrene.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons influenced neither the frequency nor the spectrum of FGFR3 mutations in bladder urothelial carcinoma.
Determination of para-aminohippuric acid (PAH) in human plasma and urine by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Fast and simple method for the determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Relationship between urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and thyroid hormone levels in Chinese non-occupational exposure adult males.
Hydroxypyrene in urine of football players after playing on artificial sports field with tire crumb infill.
Association of urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and serum C-reactive protein.
Excretion characteristics of urinary 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine after dietary exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Two novel non-destructive biomarkers to assess PAH-induced oxidative stress and porphyrinogenic effects in crabs.
Exposure of children to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in Mexico: assessment of multiple sources.
Shorter telomere length in peripheral blood lymphocytes of workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Dermal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in asphalt workers.
1-Hydroxypyrene and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene as biomarkers of exposure to PAH in various environmental exposure situations.
Reproductive hormones in relation to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites among non-occupational exposure of males.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolizing cytochrome P450s in freshly prepared uncultured rat blood lymphocytes.
Adsorption of bovine serum albumin on previously formed PAH/PSS multilayer: a stagnation point optical reflectometry study.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolite levels and pediatric allergy and asthma in an inner-city cohort.
DNA-adducts in subjects exposed to urban air pollution by benzene and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in Cotonou, Benin.
Associations between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-related exposures and p53 mutations in breast tumors.
Repeated measures of validated and novel biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in individuals living near an aluminum plant in Quebec, Canada.
A sandwich enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for adducts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with human serum albumin.
Urinary mutagenicity and genotoxic risk in children with psoriasis after therapeutic exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and ultraviolet radiation.
Rapid simultaneous analysis of 1-hydroxypyrene, 2-hydroxyfluorene, 9-hydroxyphenanthrene, 1- and 2-naphthol in urine by first derivative synchronous fluorescence spectrometry using Tween-20 as a sensitizer.
Urinary profiles to assess polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure in coke-oven workers.
Breast cancer and urinary biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon and oxidative stress in the Shanghai Women's Health Study.
Investigation of NQO1 genetic polymorphism, NQO1 gene expression and PAH-DNA adducts in ESCC. A case-control study from Iran.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and missed abortion in early pregnancy in a Chinese population.
Disruption of human plasma cell differentiation by an environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon: a mechanistic immunotoxicological study.
Exposures to particulate matter and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and oxidative stress in schoolchildren.
Human placental glutathione S-transferase activity and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts as biomarkers for environmental oxidative stress in placentas from pregnant women living in radioactivity- and chemically-polluted regions.
Joint effects of XRCC1 polymorphisms and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure on sperm DNA damage and male infertility.
Prenatal exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and children's intelligence at 5 years of age in a prospective cohort study in Poland.
Intrauterine exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, fine particulate matter and early wheeze. Prospective birth cohort study in 4-year olds.
Cumulative exposure assessment for trace-level polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) using human blood and plasma analysis.
Nucleotide excision repair polymorphisms, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure, and their effects on sperm deoxyribonucleic acid damage and male factor infertility.
Amounts and proportion of administered pyrene dose excreted as urinary 1-hydroxypyrene after dietary exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in oesophageal tissue and risk of oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma in north-eastern Iran.
Prenatal exposure to phthalate esters and PAHs and birth outcomes.
Differential repair of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts from an actively transcribed gene.
Development of a targeted adductomic method for the determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts using online column-switching liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry.
Studying associations between urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and cardiovascular diseases in the United States.
Prenatal PAH exposure is associated with chromosome-specific aberrations in cord blood.
Elucidating cellular and behavioural effects of contaminant impact (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, PAHs) in both laboratory-exposed and field-collected shore crabs, Carcinus maenas (Crustacea: Decapoda).
Chronic exposure of adults and embryos of Pandalus borealis to oil causes PAH accumulation, initiation of biomarker responses and an increase in larval mortality.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in binary mixtures modulate the efficiency of benzo[a]pyrene to form DNA adducts in human cells.
Aflatoxin and PAH exposure biomarkers in a U.S. population with a high incidence of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Evaluation of the noncovalent binding interactions between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites and human p53 cDNA.
Interactions between exposure to environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and DNA repair gene polymorphisms on bulky DNA adducts in human sperm.
A liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) method for the determination of phenolic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAH) in urine of non-smokers and smokers.
Analysis of r-7,t-8,9,c-10-tetrahydroxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene in human urine: a biomarker for directly assessing carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure plus metabolic activation.
Molecular signature for early detection and prediction of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in peripheral blood.
Association between urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites and sperm DNA damage: a population study in Chongqing, China.
Vessel tortuousity and reduced vascularization in the fetoplacental arterial tree after maternal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Cardiac autonomic dysfunction from occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Seasonal variations in the levels of PAH-DNA adducts in young adults living in Mexico City.
Quantitation of a minor enantiomer of phenanthrene tetraol in human urine: correlations with levels of overall phenanthrene tetraol, benzo[a]pyrene tetraol, and 1-hydroxypyrene.
Biomarker responses and disease susceptibility in juvenile rainbow trout Oncorhynchus mykiss fed a high molecular weight PAH mixture.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and newborn biometric indicators.
EROD activity in peripheral blood lymphocytes and 1-hydroxypyrene in urine and milk as biomarkers of PAH exposure in dairy ruminants.
Biomarkers of chromosomal damage in peripheral blood lymphocytes induced by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: a meta-analysis.
Predictors of environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among pregnant women--prospective cohort study in Poland.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons-aromatic DNA adducts in cord blood and behavior scores in New York city children.
Assessment of non-occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons through personal air sampling and urinary biomonitoring.
Spectroelectrochemical sensing of pyrene metabolites 1-hydroxypyrene and 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide.
Risk assessment for the daily intake of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from the ingestion of cockle (Anadara granosa) and exposure to contaminated water and sediments along the west coast of Peninsular Malaysia.
Evaluation of exposure reduction to indoor air pollution in stove intervention projects in Peru by urinary biomonitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, arsenic and environmental tobacco smoke, nutrient intake, and oxidative stress in Japanese preschool children.
Fruit and vegetable intake influences the association between exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and a marker of oxidative stress in pregnant women.
Impact of the improved patsari biomass stove on urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon biomarkers and carbon monoxide exposures in rural Mexican women.
Quantification of carcinogenic 4- to 6-ring polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine by solid-phase microextraction gas chromatography-isotope dilution mass spectrometry.
Cytogenetic biomonitoring of road paving workers occupationally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Increase of urinary concentrations of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine in diesel exhaust emission inspector exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Glycine N-methyltransferase affects urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine levels after PAH exposure.
Repeated measurements for assessment of urinary 2-naphthol levels in individuals exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
DNA repair and replication influence the number of mutations per adduct of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in mammalian cells.
Comparison of immunnological and genotoxicological parameters in automobile emission inspectors exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
The influence of metabolic gene polymorphisms on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration in Thai bus drivers.
Urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene in children residing near a coal-fired power plant.
DNA adducts in skin biopsies and 1-hydroxypyrene in urine of psoriasis patients and healthy volunteers following treatment with coal tar.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and DNA adduct semi-quantitation in archived human tissues.
Whole genome expression in peripheral-blood samples of workers professionally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Room-temperature fluorescence spectroscopy of monohydroxy metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on octadecyl extraction membranes.
Modulation of DNA repair capacity by ataxia telangiectasia mutated gene polymorphisms among polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons-exposed workers.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in maternal and umbilical cord blood from pregnant Hispanic women living in Brownsville, Texas.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons within airborne particulate matter (PM(2.5)) produced DNA bulky stable adducts in a human lung cell coculture model.
Urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons as a biomarker of exposure to PAHs in air: a pilot study among pregnant women.
Removal of gaseous polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from cooking fumes using an atmospheric plasma reactor.
High levels of 1-hydroxypyrene and hydroxyphenanthrenes in urine of children and adults from Afghanistan.
Exposure and emissions monitoring during carbon nanofiber production--Part II: polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
PAH biomarkers in common eelpout (Zoarces viviparus) from Danish waters.
Exposure to indoor air pollutants (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, toluene, benzene) in Mexican indigenous women.
Evaluation of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) adduct levels and DNA strand breaks in human peripheral blood lymphocytes exposed in vitro to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with or without animal metabolic activation.
CpG site-specific hypermethylation of p16INK4α in peripheral blood lymphocytes of PAH-exposed workers.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon residues in human milk, placenta, and umbilical cord blood in Beijing, China.
Simulation of urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene in various scenarios of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with a generic, cross-chemical predictive PBTK-model.
Effects of dietary fish oil on the depletion of carcinogenic PAH-DNA adduct levels in the liver of B6C3F1 mouse.
Impact of barbecued meat consumed in pregnancy on birth outcomes accounting for personal prenatal exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: Birth cohort study in Poland.
Influence of immunization with non-genotoxic PAH-KLH conjugates on the resistance of organisms exposed to benzo(a)pyrene.
Simultaneous determination of nicotine and PAH metabolites in human hair specimen: a potential methodology to assess tobacco smoke contribution in PAH exposure.
RASSF1A hypermethylation is associated with aflatoxin B1 and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and DNA damage in Mexican children.
Fast and simultaneous determination of urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine and ten monohydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry.
Prenatal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, benzo[a]pyrene-DNA adducts, and genomic DNA methylation in cord blood.
Assessment of DDT, DDE, and 1-hydroxypyrene levels in blood and urine samples in children from Chiapas Mexico.
Maternal occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: effects on gastroschisis among offspring in the National Birth Defects Prevention Study.
Magnetic solid-phase extraction based on diphenyl functionalization of Fe3O4 magnetic nanoparticles for the determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine samples.
Effects of prenatal polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure and environmental tobacco smoke on child IQ in a Chinese cohort.
Assessment of the levels of persistent organic pollutants and 1-hydroxypyrene in blood and urine samples from Mexican children living in an endemic malaria area in Mexico.
Exposure and kinetics of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in cigarette smokers.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (1-OHPG and 2-naphthol) and oxidative stress (malondialdehyde) biomarkers in urine among Korean adults and children.
Prenatal polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and child behavior at age 6-7 years.
Personal exposure to PM(2.5) and urinary hydroxy-PAH levels in bus drivers exposed to traffic exhaust, in Trujillo, Peru.
Neighborhood socioeconomic status modifies the association between individual smoking status and PAH-DNA adduct levels in prostate tissue.
Occupational exposure to aromatic hydrocarbons and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons at a coke plant.
Contributions of aryl hydrocarbon receptor genetic variants to the risk of glioma and PAH-DNA adducts.
Carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in umbilical cord blood of human neonates from Guiyu, China.
Maternal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and 5'-CpG methylation of interferon-γ in cord white blood cells.
The determination of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by the analysis of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine using a simple automated online column switching device and high-performance liquid chromatography.
Fractional exhaled nitric oxide in healthy non-asthmatic 7-year olds and prenatal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: nested regression analysis.
Positive effect of a simplified diet on blood phenylalanine control in different phenylketonuria variants, characterized by newborn BH4 loading test and PAH analysis.
Plasma polymer films as an alternative to (PSS-PAH)n or (PSS-PDADMAC)n films to retain active enzymes in exponentially growing polyelectrolyte multilayers.
Development and validation of a direct sandwich chemiluminescence immunoassay for measuring DNA adducts of benzo[a]pyrene and other polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and serum inflammatory markers of cardiovascular disease.
Excretion profiles and half-lives of ten urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites after dietary exposure.
Determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by HPLC with electrochemical detection at a boron-doped diamond film electrode.
Comparative study of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in plasma of Eastern Atlantic juvenile and adult nesting loggerhead sea turtles (Caretta caretta).
Assessing human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in a petrochemical region utilizing data from environmental biomonitors.
A multi-day environmental study of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in a high-risk region for esophageal cancer in China.
Maternal occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and risk of neural tube defect-affected pregnancies.
Biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and DNA damage: a cross-sectional pilot study among roofers in South Florida.
Inhalation cancer risk associated with exposure to complex polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon mixtures in an electronic waste and urban area in South China.
Application of biomarkers in mudskipper (Boleophthalmus dussumieri) to assess polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) pollution in coastal areas of the Persian Gulf.
Korea National Survey for Environmental Pollutants in the human body 2008: 1-hydroxypyrene, 2-naphthol, and cotinine in urine of the Korean population.
Burnt sugarcane harvesting: particulate matter exposure and the effects on lung function, oxidative stress, and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
The dose-response decrease in heart rate variability: any association with the metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in coke oven workers?
Extraction and analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and benzo[a]pyrene metabolites in microalgae cultures by off-line/on-line methodology based on matrix solid-phase dispersion, solid-phase extraction and high-performance liquid chromatography.
1-Hydroxypyrene as a biomarker for assessing the effects of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on semen quality and sperm DNA integrity.
Solid-phase extraction, sample stacking and capillary zone electrophoresis for the analysis of urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites.
Significant variation in the concentration of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in yerba maté samples by brand, batch, and processing method.
Determination of hydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in sediment samples by combining subcritical water extraction and dispersive liquid-liquid microextraction with derivatization.
Exposure to heavy metals and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and DNA damage in taiwanese traffic conductors.
Variation in PAH-related DNA adduct levels among non-smokers: the role of multiple genetic polymorphisms and nucleotide excision repair phenotype.
Biliary PAH metabolites, EROD activity and DNA damage in dab (Limanda limanda) from Seine Estuary (France).
Evaluation of glutathione S-transferase activity as a biomarker of PAH pollution in mudskipper, Boleophthalmus dussumieri, Persian Gulf.
The relevance of monitoring of antibodies against the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) and PAH-DNA adducts in serum in relation to lung cancer and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure and pediatric asthma in children: a case-control study.
The relationship between prenatal exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and PAH-DNA adducts in cord blood.
Epigenetic markers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in Mexican brickmakers: a pilot study.
Biomonitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in pregnant women in Trujillo, Peru--comparison of different fuel types used for cooking.
Levels, distribution, and health risks of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in four freshwater edible fish species from the Beijing market.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in women from Poland, Serbia and Italy--relation between PAH metabolite excretion, DNA damage, diet and genotype (the EU DIEPHY project).
Early-life cockroach allergen and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposures predict cockroach sensitization among inner-city children.
Concentrations and profiles of urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites (OH-PAHs) in several Asian countries.
Levels of PAH-DNA adducts in placental tissue and the risk of fetal neural tube defects in a Chinese population.
Use of polyetheretherketone as a material for solid phase extraction of hydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine.
EROD activity induction in peripheral blood lymphocytes, liver and brain tissues of rats orally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Decreased mitochondrial DNA content in association with exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in house dust during wintertime: from a population enquiry to cell culture.
Chemopreventive Effects of Korean Red Ginseng (Panax ginseng Meyer) on Exposure to Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons.
Exclusive prenatal exposure to a 16 PAH mixture does not impact anxiety-related behaviours and regional brain metabolism in adult male rats: a role for the period of exposure in the modulation of PAH neurotoxicity.
Dose-response relationships of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure and oxidative damage to DNA and lipid in coke oven workers.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: determinants of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide concentration and risk of colorectal cancer in the Shanghai Women's Health Study.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: biological monitoring strategies and methodology for determining biological exposure indices for various work environments.
Urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from different sources.
DNA adducts as a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in aquatic organisms: relationship to carcinogenicity.
Assessment of occupational exposure to PAHs in an Estonian coke oven plant- correlation of total external exposure to internal dose measured as 1-hydroxypyrene concentration.
Interindividual variation in the levels of certain urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites following medicinal exposure to coal tar ointment.
Benzo(a)pyrene diolepoxide adducts to albumin in workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: association with specific CYP1A1, GSTM1, GSTP1 and EHPX genotypes.
High urine 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide concentrations in Linxian, China, an area of high risk for squamous oesophageal cancer.
Association of 1 hydroxypyrene glucuronide in human urine with cigarette smoking and broiled or roasted meat consumption.
Influence of GSTM1 and NAT2 genotypes on the relationship between personal exposure to PAH and biomarkers of internal dose.
The molecular etiology and prevention of estrogen-initiated cancers: Ockham's Razor: Pluralitas non est ponenda sine necessitate. Plurality should not be posited without necessity.
Low energy tandem mass spectrometry of deoxynucleoside adducts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon dihydrodiol-epoxides.
Characteristics of high energy collision-induced dissociation tandem Mass Spectra of Polycyclic aromatic Hydrocarbon diolepoxide adducted peptides.
Synthesis of 
Monitoring of environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: a review.
