Coke oven workers are exposed to high concentrations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. Only recently have methods been developed to try to assess the individual, biologically significant exposure. The only coke oven plant in Finland started to function in 1987, in Raahe, enabling the implementation of a cohort study among the workers to determine the usefulness of some currently available biomonitoring methods, e.g. methods of measuring PAH-DNA adducts. Urine and blood samples were taken several times from a sample of workers starting from before they worked at the plant. A questionnaire (smoking, diet, former and current occupations) was filled in by the workers at every sampling, and air samples (personal and stationary) were collected at the same time. The mean values of both benzo(a)pyrene diolepoxide (BPDE)-DNA adducts were measured by synchronous fluorescence spectrophotometry (SFS) and the antibodies to these adducts increased somewhat after the work at the plant started. However, all the adduct values were low, and no differences between the smokers and non-smokers at any time point were detected. Battery workers had slightly increased means of BPDE-DNA adducts compared to non-battery workers. Also, coke oven workers had slightly higher adduct values than age, sex and smoking matched controls.
Human cancer risk assessment at a genetic level involves the investigation of carcinogen metabolism and DNA adduct formation. Wide interindividual differences in metabolism result in different DNA adduct levels. For this and other reasons, many laboratories have considered DNA adducts to be a measure of the biologically effective dose of a carcinogen. Techniques for studying DNA adducts using chemically specific assays are becoming available. A modification of the 32P-postlabeling assay for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts described here provides potential improvements in quantification. DNA adducts, however, reflect only recent exposure to carcinogens; in contrast, genetic testing for metabolic capacity indicates the extent to which carcinogens can be activated and exert genotoxic effects. Such studies may reflect both separate and integrated risk factors together with DNA adduct levels. A recently described restriction fragment length polymorphism for the CYP1A1, which codes for the cytochrome P450 enzyme primarily responsible for the metabolic activation of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, has been found to be associated with lung cancer risk in a Japanese population. In a subset of individuals enrolled in a U.S. lung cancer case-control study, no association with lung cancer was found.
The urine mutagenicity and excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH PYR) in non-smoking psoriatic patients treated topically with coal-tar-based ointments were analysed in order to find the most appropriate procedure for monitoring occupational PAH exposure. The bacterial mutagenicity assays used were the plate incorporation, macro-scale fluctuation and microsuspension tests, all on Salmonella typhimurium strain TA98 in the presence of S9 mix and beta-glucuronidase. The sensitivities of the three assays in detecting mutagenic urinary PAH metabolites were compared. The efficiencies of XAD-2 and C18 resins for concentrating PAH urinary mutagens were evaluated in the microsuspension assay. The plate and fluctuation tests on XAD-2 urine extracts were shown to be insufficiently sensitive to detect low urinary levels of mutagens, being positive on urine samples with very high PAH metabolite content, estimated as more than 30 micrograms/g of creatinine of 1-OH PYR. The microsuspension assay on XAD-2 or, even better, on C18 urine extracts was very sensitive in detecting up to 5 micrograms/g of creatinine of 1-OH PYR. It therefore seems to be applicable to the biological monitoring of most occupational low exposures to coal tar.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) o-quinones are products of an NADP+ dependent oxidation of non-K-region trans-dihydrodiols catalyzed by dihydrodiol dehydrogenase (EC 1.3.1.20). Since these PAH o-quinones could be detoxified by non-enzymatic or enzymatic conjugation with cellular thiols, their reactivity with 2-mercaptoethanol, cysteine and glutathione (GSH) was examined by ion-pair reverse phase high pressure liquid chromatography (RP-HPLC). Second-order rate constants for the addition of these thiols to naphthalene-1,2-dione (NPQ) in water ranging from 4.9 x 10(3) - 1.1 x 10(4) min-1 M-1 and the reactions were complete within 10 min. When these reactions were conducted at near physiological pH (50 mM potassium phosphate buffer pH 7.0), the rate constants increased by 2-orders of magnitude. When benzo[a]pyrene-7,8-dione (BPQ) was substituted in these reactions the second-order rate constants decreased by 2-3 orders of magnitude and the reactions took several hours to reach completion. The decrease in reactivity can be explained by the presence of the bay region in BPQ. Methylation influenced the reactivity of PAH o-quinones with GSH and the following order of reactivity was observed: 7,12-dimethyl-benz[a]anthracene-3,4-dione (7,12-DMBAQ) > 12-methyl-BAQ, 7-methyl-BAQ and BAQ > BPQ. Of these quinones 7,12-dimethyl-BAQ was almost equi-reactive with NPQ. This suggests that methyl substitution in the bay and peri regions enhances reactivity with GSH. Using NPQ as a model for other PAH o-quinones, N-acetyl-L-cysteine, L-cysteine and GSH conjugates of NPQ were synthesized and characterized by [1H]- and [13C]NMR. Evidence for Michael type 1,4-addition products was obtained in which the resultant adduct could exist as either a catechol or o-quinone. By contrast, L-cysteine was able to form adducts via S- or N-attack and N-attack gave a purple p-iminoquinone. There was no evidence for the formation of bis-N-acetyl-L-cysteinyl-, bis-glutathionyl adducts or phenolic coupled products. The toxicity of thiol conjugates of NPQ remains to be explored.
A coupled-column high-performance liquid chromatographic system for integrated, on-line sample processing and the determination of free and conjugated 1-hydroxypyrene in urine has been developed. The method is based on a "tailor-made" copper phthalocyanine-modified porous-glass precolumn packing material, which allows a direct and repeated injection of urine samples and a selective enrichment of trace amounts of particular components. The fully automated method has a low detection limit (0.01 pmol), a quantitative and matrix-independent recovery and a highly reliability, as shown by an interlaboratory comparison of methods.
Studies on cigarette smoking related polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in blood have produced conflicting results. To determine whether a subset of specific white blood cells is a useful marker for monitoring exposure to cigarette smoke, blood was obtained from 63 heavy smokers and 27 non-smokers. Adduct levels were determined by competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay with a polyclonal antiserum recognizing benzo[a]pyrene and structurally related diolepoxide-DNA adducts. Analysis of the lymphocyte plus monocyte fraction from smokers indicated 70% had detectable adducts with a mean of 4.38 +/- 4.29 adducts/10(8) nucleotides, while in non-smokers the corresponding values were 22% and 1.35 +/- 0.78/10(8) (P < 0.001). Plasma cotinine levels differed significantly in smokers (286 +/- 90 micrograms/l) compared to non-smokers (4.4 +/- 3.3 micrograms/l) (P < 0.001). However, cotinine was not correlated with self-reported smoking history in these heavy smokers. Nor were DNA adducts in smokers correlated with cigarettes per day, pack-years and plasma cotinine, indicating large interindividual variation in DNA adduct formation. These data demonstrate lymphocytes plus monocytes from smokers have elevated levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diolepoxide-DNA adduct levels compared to non-smokers.
Levels of benzo(a)pyrene-diolepoxide (BaPDE)-albumin and BaPDE-hemoglobin adducts in wild woodchucks (Marmota monax) have been measured to evaluate the potential usefulness of these parameters in the assessment of environmental contamination by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). Blood was obtained from nine woodchucks living near an aluminum electrolysis plant, contaminated area (Saguenay region, Québec, Canada), and from eight living in a control area (Saint-Roch-des-Aulnaies, Québec, Canada). Blood samples were collected and plasma separated from red blood cells by centrifugation on site. Isolation of albumin (Alb) and hemoglobin (Hb) was performed in our laboratory and each protein fraction was subjected to mild acid hydrolysis yielding free benzo(a)pyrene (BaP) tetrol from the adducts. The analysis was performed by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) using fluorescence detection. For the control and contaminated areas geometric mean (interval) Alb adduct levels were 7.6 (0.8-29.3) and 69.6 (10.0-1,103) pmol tetrol/g protein (p less than 0.01) while the corresponding figures for Hb adduct levels were 0.40 (0.01-2.72) and 1.18 (0.02-12.8) pmol/g protein (p greater than 0.01). Alb but not Hb adduct levels were associated with the measured concentration of BaP in the vegetation samples collected on the site where each animal was found. This is compatible with the short half-life of Alb adducts and with the instantaneous image provided by BaP measurements in the collected vegetation samples. BaPDE-blood protein adducts measured in wild animals appear to be good biomarkers of environmental contamination by PAHs.
OBJECTIVES: Characterisation of the airborne concentration of 13 polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) at various workplaces in a graphite electrode and a coke production plant. Validation of the urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene (hydroxypyrene) as a biological marker of exposure to PAH. DESIGN: Cross sectional study of workers exposed to PAHs (106 in the graphite electrode producing plant and 16 in the coke works). METHODS: Personal air sampling during at least six hours per workshift using a glass fibre filter and a Chromosorb 102 solid sorbent tube and analysis of PAHs by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and spectrofluorometric detection (SFD). Collection of spot urine samples before and after the shift and analysis of 1-hydroxypyrene by HPLC and SFD. RESULTS: The workers most exposed to PAHs were those occupied at the topside area of the coke oven plant and those working in the blending and impregnation areas of the graphite electrode producing plant (mean airborne concentration of total PAHs: 199 and 223 micrograms/m3 respectively). Except for naphthalene and perylene, the relative proportion of the different PAHs did not differ between the plants. Pyrene concentration in air was highly correlated with the total airborne PAH concentration (r = 0.83, p < 0.0001) and the correlation coefficients between hydroxypyrene concentration in postshift urine samples and pyrene or total PAHs in air were 0.67 (p < 0.0001) and 0.72 (p < 0.0001) respectively. Excretion of hydroxypyrene doubled when the exposure to pyrene in air increased 10-fold. The half life for the urinary excretion of hydroxypyrene was around 18 hours (95% confidence interval 16.1-19.8). Smoking habits only explained 2.3% of the variance in hydroxypyrene excretion compared with 45% for the pyrene concentration in air. CONCLUSION: The determination of the urinary excretion of hydroxypyrene in postshift urine samples can be used as a suitable biomarker to assess individual exposure to PAHs in coke ovens and in graphite electrode manufacturing plants. 
The concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine was determined in six volunteers who lived under the same conditions. Samples were collected four times per day for three consecutive days; the maximum concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene was found in the samples collected late in the evening (21:00-23:00 h) which is the time recommended as suitable for determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene for the purpose of evaluating human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). Statistical tests show that the influence of sex, age, and smoking on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene is statistically insignificant.
The significance of diet as an exposure route for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and the associated kinetics of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHPY) elimination were examined through a controlled human exposure study. Results showed that a 100 to 250-fold increase in a dietary benzo(a)pyrene (BaP) dose paralleled a four to 12-fold increase in urinary 1-OHPy elimination. Mean elimination rates during minimal exposure periods ranged from 6 to 17 ng/h whereas peak elimination rates of 60 to 189 ng/h were seen after a meal high in PAHs. A biexponential model fitted to a limited number of urinary 1-OHPY elimination points gave mean kinetic parameter estimates for t1/2 of 4.4 hours and tmax of 6.3 hours. It is concluded that dietary exposure to PAHs is potentially as substantial as some occupational exposures and therefore requires consideration in studies of exposure to PAHs. The dietary control strategies and the kinetic parameters defined in this investigation provide data for the control of this exposure route when examining other sources of exposure.
To determine the relative contributions of tobacco smoking and P-450 metabolism (cytochrome P-450IAI) in the formation of benzo(a)pyrenediol-epoxide and other polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in vivo, 16 human placentas were assayed for aryl hydrocarbon hydroxylase activity and (+/-)r-7,t-8-dihydroxy-c-9,10-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo(a)pyrene-DN A adduct levels. Immunoaffinity chromatography columns, conjugated with monoclonal antibodies raised against benzo(a)-pyrene-diol-epoxide-deoxyguanosine, were used to concentrate polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducted nucleotides, and synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy was used specifically to detect r-7,t-8,t-9,c-10-tetrahydroxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo(a)pyrene (BP-tetrol) extracted from acid hydrolysates of immunoconcentrated materials. Data were analyzed for associations with maternal dietary and smoking habits, umbilical cord blood cotinine levels, and placental aryl hydrocarbon hydroxylase levels. Complex mixtures of fluorescent materials were present in organic solvent extracts of acid hydrolysates of immunoconcentrated nucleotide-adducts from all placentas with patterns of fluorescence that may be associated with tobacco smoking determined by generation of spectral fluorescence excitation-emission matrices. BP-tetrols were detected in extracts from 8 placentas: 5 of 7 from smokers and 3 of 9 from nonsmokers. Placental aryl hydrocarbon hydroxylase activity was significantly higher in placentas from which BP-tetrols were extracted [3.9 +/- 2.4 [corrected] (mean +/- SE) pmol 3-hydroxybenzo(a)pyrene mg protein-1 min-1], than among placentas from which BP-tetrols were not extracted (0.4 +/- 0.2 [corrected] pmol 3-hydroxybenzo(a)pyrene mg protein-1 min-1) (P = 0.03, Student's t test). This association was independent of maternal smoking or umbilical cord blood cotinine levels. These results indicate that while maternal tobacco smoking is associated with the accumulation of putative, but as yet unidentified, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in placenta, metabolic capacity appears to be the principal determinant for the (+/-)r-7,t-8-dihydroxy-c-9,10 epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo(a)pyrene-DNA adduct levels detected.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts were quantitatively determined by ultrasensitive radioimmunoassay (USERIA) and 32P postlabeling in 128 DNA samples from WBCs of 68 coke oven workers and a local control group of 13 workers. Forty-four samples had a detectable adduct level by USERIA, with a mean of 0.390 fmol adducts/micrograms DNA (12.9 adducts/10(8) nucleotides) in the exposed group compared to a mean of 0.316 fmol adducts/micrograms DNA (10.4 adducts/10(8) nucleotides) in the control group. The mean adduct level with 32P postlabeling was 0.05 fmol/micrograms DNA (1.67 adducts/10(8) nucleotides) for the exposed group and 0.046 fmol/microgram DNA (1.54 adducts/10(8) nucleotides for the control group. Based on job description the workers were divided in 4 groups: control, low-, medium-, and high-exposure group. Both methods produced a positive correlation coefficient between estimated exposure and PAH-DNA adduct levels. The significance levels determined with Kendall rank correlation were P = 0.0145 for USERIA and P = 0.0594 for 32P postlabeling. Adduct levels determined by 32P postlabeling showed a correlation with tobacco smoking in the control group. No significant correlation between PAH-DNA adduct levels measured by USERIA and 32P postlabeling was found. These results show that these methods recognize different parts of the complex exposures in a coke oven plant.
Biological monitoring of exposure to bitumen fumes during road-paving operations was carried out. In order to evaluate the biological uptake of the workers, the nonselective urinary thioether assay and a selective method for the determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene were used. Urinary thioether data of exposed workers were higher than those of nonexposed subjects. The effect of smoking, however, was stronger than the effect of occupational exposure. Levels of 1-hydroxypyrene in road-paving workers were significantly higher than those in control subjects. The 1-hydroxypyrene level was also influenced by smoking habits, but the effect of occupational exposure was stronger. Our present data suggest that enhanced urine levels of both thioethers and 1-hydroxypyrene in bitumen workers may indicate an increased genotoxic risk. Furthermore, our results demonstrate the applicability of the 1-hydroxypyrene assay after occupational exposure to petroleum-based products.
Smokers of cigarettes are exposed to a number of carcinogens, including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), and are at a high risk for lung cancer. PAHs exert their carcinogenic activity after metabolic activation to reactive intermediates that can damage DNA through adduct formation. Measuring DNA adducts in peripheral white blood cells (WBC) could serve as a means of monitoring human exposure to genotoxic agents and subsequently risk assessment. In this study, DNA from WBC obtained from 39 lung cancer patients was examined for PAH-DNA adducts both in an ELISA using a polyclonal antibody against benzo[a]pyrene 7,8-diol-9,10-epoxide (BPDE)-DNA and the 32P-post-labeling technique. The ELISA results showed BPDE-DNA antigenicity in WBC DNA from 12/38 (32%) patients and adduct levels ranged from 1.5 to greater than 150 adducts in 10(8) nucleotides. The autoradiographs of chromatograms of 32P-post-labeled digests of WBC DNA from the 38 patients showed a variety of adduct spots; relative adduct labeling (RAL) values ranged from 0.3 to 407 adducts in 10(8) nucleotides. In 18 of the 38 (47%) persons an adduct spot was detected that co-chromatographed with the major BPDE-DNA adduct (BPDE-dG); RAL values ranged from 0.03 to 382 adducts in 10(8) nucleotides. Correlations were not significant between the adduct levels in WBC and smoking habits, age or sex. From 20 patients of the same group lung tissue was collected at surgery and examined for PAH-DNA adducts by ELISA and 32P-post-labeling assay. No significant correlation was found between DNA adduct levels in blood and lung. This finding stresses the limitations of the use of WBC as a surrogate for adduct levels in the target organ.
Glutathione transferases (GST) are detoxifying enzymes who act with many endogenous and exogenous substances such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). The GST activity towards trans-stilbene oxide (GST-tSBO) is inherited in an autosomal dominant fashion and can be separated in high (GST-positive) and low (GST-negative) phenotypes when measured in blood. Human fibroblast cultures were established from males matched for age, smoking habits and clinical manifestations of atherosclerosis. Matched pairs of GST-negative and GST-positive fibroblasts were studied. There was a very strong correlation between the levels of GST-tSBO in peripheral blood and in cultured fibroblasts within the same individual. When fibroblasts were exposed to benzo(a)pyrene (BP) or dimethylbenzanthracene (DMBA) GST-negative cells produced relatively more collagen than GST-positive cells. GST-negative fibroblasts showed a greater cell death than GST-positive fibroblasts as well among controls as after exposure to PAH. It is concluded that lack of GST-tSBO is easily discriminated in cultured skin fibroblasts. GST-negative and GST-positive fibroblasts showed different susceptibility towards some toxic stimuli that might be of importance in atherogenesis.
Analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts using monoclonal antibodies raised against DNA that had been modified with (+-)-r-7-,t-8-dihydroxy-t-9,10-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene in an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, as well as analysis using human serum antibodies and antibodies raised in laboratory animals, have suggested the presence on these adducts of both common and unique immunological epitopes. The molecular mechanics studies reported here establish a model for the analysis of PAH-DNA adducts through the identification of energetically favored binding conformations and they further reveal structural alterations in DNA due to the presence of carcinogen adducts. The data explain the antibody reactivity patterns by defining different molecular presenting surfaces that are available for antibody binding. The preferred orientation of the aromatic portions of the adducts, which align either 3' or 5' in the minor groove, were found to be correlated with antibody reactivity patterns. Examination of the topographical characteristics of the adducts facilitated correlation of adduct-antibody recognition and adduct presenting surface. Significant differences were found between benzo[a]pyrene-diol-epoxide (BPDE)-DNA adducts, which align 5' in the minor groove, and benz[a]anthracene-diol-epoxide (BADE)-DNA and dibenz[a,c]anthracene-diol-epoxide-DNA adducts, which align 3' within the minor groove. Chrysene-diol-epoxide-DNA adducts were found to have only a weak preference for 5' alignment and therefore share topographical characteristics with both BPDE-DNA and BADE-DNA adducts.
Blood samples were obtained from 61 volunteers working in a Finnish iron foundry who were exposed to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and from 19 control subjects not known to be exposed to these chemicals. Foundry workers were categorized into high, medium, or low exposure groups, based on their exposure levels to airborne benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) (high greater than 0.2, medium 0.05-0.2, low less than 0.05 micrograms BaP/m3 air). Aromatic adducts were determined in white blood cell DNA from exposed and unexposed subjects using 32P-postlabeling. There was a highly significant correlation between the estimated exposure and adduct levels as determined by analysis of variance. The levels of adducts found in the high and medium group samples ranged from 5 to over 20 adducts in 10(8) DNA nucleotides. No effects due to age, sex, or the smoking habits of the subjects were observed. Within each group, the SEM appeared rather small. This study demonstrates the utility of the 32P-postlabeling assay to assess human exposure to known and unknown environmental aromatic genotoxicants.
We have analyzed the efficiency with which p-amino-hippuric acid (PAH) is extracted (EPAH) by patients with healthy kidneys (n = 13) or kidneys damaged by chronic cyclosporin nephropathy (n = 21) or primary glomerulopathy (n = 12); respective values (mean +/- SE) for EPAH were 0.87 +/- 0.03, 0.77 +/- 0.03, and 0.69 +/- 0.04. Judged by a 131I-hippuran-to-PAH clearance ratio of 0.75 +/- 0.05, extraction ratio of hippuran was less efficient than EPAH in three glomerulopathic patients. A direct relationship was defined between EPAH and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) (r = 0.54) or calculated efferent oncotic pressure (IIE; r = 0.41, P less than 0.01). Curve fitting by means of quadratic spline functions revealed GFR and IIE to be additive in predicting EPAH (R2 = 0.45). Linear model prediction methods and a sample reuse technique failed to predict EPAH reliably from GFR and preglomerular oncotic pressure (IIA); however, 95% prediction intervals exceed 0.30 EPAH units in width. We conclude that oncotic pressure (presumably reflecting albumin concentration) along with GFR is predictive of EPAH depression in humans with chronic renal disease. However, even sophisticated curve-fitting techniques are too imprecise for accurate prediction of EPAH in a given individual. We submit that renal venous sampling to determine EPAH continues to be necessary for the accurate determination of the rate of plasma flow in the injured human kidney.
Chinese hamster V79 cells were treated with the anti- and syn-diastereomers of the bay- or fjord-region diol-epoxides of four polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, namely benzo[a]pyrene (BP), benzo[c]chrysene (BcC), benzo[g]chrysene (BgC) and benzo[c]phenanthrene (BcPh). The frequency of induction of 6-thioguanine-resistant mutations was determined, and the extent of formation of DNA adducts was measured by 32P-postlabelling. When expressed as mutation frequency per nanomoles compound per millilitre incubation medium, this group of chemicals expressed a 160-fold range in potency. In agreement with previous experimental studies, the anti-diol-epoxide of BcC was highly mutagenic, inducing in excess of 3 x 10(4) mutations/10(6) cells per nmol compound/ml. The mutagenic activities of the anti- and syn-diol-epoxides of BP were 10- and 100-fold lower, respectively. Both diol-epoxides of BgC, the syn-BcC and the anti-BcPh derivatives were also highly mutagenic, and only the syn-BcPh diol-epoxide was less mutagenic than the anti-diol-epoxide of BP. Determination of the levels of DNA adducts formed by the diol-epoxides indicated that the most mutagenic compounds were the most DNA reactive, although the fjord-region diol-epoxides gave rise to more complex patterns of adducts than those of the BP diol-epoxides. When the mutagenicity results were expressed as mutations per femtomoles total adducts formed, all compounds showed similar activities. Thus the potent mutagenicity of the fjord region diol-epoxides appears to be due to the high frequency with which they form DNA adducts in V79 cells, rather than to formation of adducts with greater mutagenic potential.
The spontaneous photon emission (chemiluminescence) from Drosophila melanogaster fed chemical mutagens, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon quinones, and a carcinogenic bracken fern was studied. The fly chemiluminescence was evidently enhanced by mutagen or carcinogen administration and was increased proportionally to the administered amount of tested compound. Strong chemiluminescence was observed especially at the larval stage. Living larvae emitted stronger chemiluminescence than their homogenate. The chemiluminescence from Drosophila melanogaster fed polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon quinones showed a linear relation with the mutation frequency in the Drosophila wing spot test. The chemiluminescence from flies fed a bracken fern decreased by the addition of free radical scavengers and active oxygen quenchers. The phosphatidylcholine hydroperoxide concentration in the flies was increased proportionally with the chemiluminescence intensity. It seems that the free radical formation is stimulated as shown by the enhanced chemiluminescence in mutagen- or carcinogen-dosed flies, and as a result, lipid peroxide accumulation accompanies mutation in Drosophila melanogaster.
The simultaneous uptake of mannitol, a passive permeability marker, and the organic acid, p-aminohippuric acid, was measured in the anterior and posterior vitreous and retina. Uptake was determined in control, probenecid treated and streptozocin diabetic rats. The unidirectional influx, calculated as a 10 minute PS product for these compounds, was not increased by 2, 4, or 12 weeks of diabetes. A clearance value, calculated using an experimental time of 60 minutes was also examined in order to gauge efflux of these compounds from the eye. The 60 minute clearance value for mannitol in the retina increased approximately 75% in 2, 4, and 12 week diabetic rats. This was an unexpected result due to the lack of increase in the unidirectional flux of mannitol during these same periods of diabetes, and may represent a change in the passive efflux out of the retina. The 60 minute clearance value for mannitol was not significantly changed in either the anterior or posterior vitreous. Experimental diabetes increased the 60 minute clearance value for PAH for the retina by 40% to 70%. In contrast, diabetes did not increase influx of PAH into the anterior or posterior vitreous. Because the unidirectional influx of PAH into the retina was not increased during diabetes, a decrease in the active transport for organic acids out of the eye is a likely explanation for the increase in the 60 minute clearance value for PAH during diabetes.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are a group of structurally related compounds that are present in the environment in complex mixtures as common pollutants. These compounds have been studied extensively because of their carcinogenic and toxic properties to humans. We reported previously that humans exposed to certain PAHs produce antibodies that bind to different PAH diolepoxide-DNA (PAH-DNA) adducts. The ability to detect and measure antibodies to PAH-DNA adducts in human blood samples could prove useful as a biological dosimeter for identifying persons that have been exposed to high levels of PAHs, i.e. persons who may be at high cancer risk. In our initial studies we found that it was common for persons who were exposed to PAH to produce antibodies against PAH-DNA adducts. However, we were unable to identify the actual chemical types of PAH-DNA adducts that were recognized by the serum antibodies because many serum samples contained antibody activity to more than one adduct. These data indicate that different PAH-DNA adducts may be serologically similar or that humans actually produce immune responses against more than a single PAH-DNA adduct. We have used monoclonal antibody technology to determine the extent to which different PAH-DNA adducts share serologically recognized epitopes. Monoclonal antibodies were produced against two different PAH-DNA adducts, benzo[a]pyrene diolepoxide-DNA (BPDE-DNA) and benz[a]anthracene diolepoxide-DNA (BADE-DNA). The binding of these antibodies to five PAH-DNA adduct preparations and to soluble PAHs was assessed. We found that most monoclonal antibodies bound to more than a single type of PAH-DNA adduct, documenting the serological relatedness of different PAH-DNA adducts. However, two monoclonal antibodies were produced that bound only to BPDE-DNA. Soluble non-metabolized PAHs and PAH tetraols were not recognized by these antibodies, thus demonstrating their specificity for PAH-DNA adducts and not the PAHs alone. Monoclonal antibodies produced against BADE-DNA also bound to chrysene diolepoxide-DNA but not to BPDE-DNA or to two other PAH-DNA adducts. These data demonstrate that significant serological cross-reactivity exists between different PAH-DNA adducts and support our contention that human antibodies to PAH-DNA can often bind to more than a single type of PAH-DNA adduct. However, our ability to produce monoclonal antibodies with restricted specificity suggest that the production of highly monoclonal antibody reagents for use in assays designed to measure PAH-DNA adducts in biological samples is feasible.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene of residents of Beijing, Shenyang and Taiyuan, and workers at two coke plants, a steel plant and control groups was determined using high pressure liquid chromatography. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) of airborne particulates from these cities and coke plants were analyzed using GC-MS; chromatogram profiles, from which 15 chemical compounds were quantified, were similar. The percentage of pyrene and benzo[a]pyrene in PAHs was fairly constant. Statistical analysis showed significant correlation of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene with the concentration of pyrene and benzo[a]pyrene in the ambient PAHs; the correlation coefficient was 0.978 and 0.959, respectively. It is suggested that urinary 1-hydroxypyrene can be used as a biological monitoring index for human exposure to genotoxic PAHs from the burning of coal.
Ten reactive metabolites of five polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and styrene were investigated to determine the generality of ester adduct formation with human hemoglobin in the form of RBC and hydrolysis to the corresponding tetrahydrotetrols or dihydrodiols. No exceptions were noted among the compounds tested, which included the anti-diol epoxides of benzo[a]pyrene (BaP), chrysene, and benz[a]anthracene; the syn-diol epoxide of BaP; a mixture of syn- and anti-diol epoxides of benzo[e]pyrene; and epoxides of styrene, benzo[e]pyrene, BaP, and cyclopenta[c,d]pyrene. A test of the propensity of the simplest benzylic epoxide, styrene oxide, to form esters that hydrolyze via a BAL1 mechanism was performed. Hydrolysis of styrene oxide-adducted hemoglobin in H2(18)O at neutral pH yielded 18O incorporation results that suggest this mechanism of hydrolysis is operant to a minor degree in styrene oxide-hemoglobin ester adducts. A method was developed for the isolation and quantification of the polycyclic aromatic alcohols, which consists of enzymatic proteolysis, immunoaffinity chromatography, and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry or fluorimetry. The method allows for routine analysis of hemoglobin from individual samples as small as 1 ml of whole blood. Analysis of blood from different human populations revealed that hemoglobin adducts of the anti-diol epoxide of BaP dominated the spectrum of adducts formed by the selected metabolites.
Blood samples were obtained from volunteers who were occupationally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a Finnish iron foundry and from referents not known to be occupationally exposed to this class of chemical carcinogens. Aromatic adducts were determined in the deoxyribonucleic acid of white blood cells from the exposed workers with the 32P-postlabeling and immunologic techniques. There was a correlation between the estimated exposure in a particular job and the adduct levels. Jobs of men with high adduct levels (greater than 1 adduct/10(7) nucleotides in the postlabeling assay) included sand preparation, molding, shake-out, and transport. The adduct levels were low in men in pattern making, melting, and fettling. This study suggests that 32P-postlabeling and immunoassay may be useful in monitoring human exposure to known and previously unidentified environmental genotoxic agents.
Fire fighters are exposed to potentially carcinogenic combustion and pyrolysis products during the course of their work. The present study was designed to test 43 fire fighters and matched controls for DNA damage which might be related to occupational carcinogen exposures. Using peripheral blood lymphocytes, we examined (a) baseline sister chromatid exchange (SCE) frequency and (b) SCE induction by in vitro mutagenic challenge with mitomycin C. Using nucleated peripheral blood cells, we examined (c) polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct levels by assessing benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide (BPDE)-DNA antigenicity. Exposures were determined from histories of fire-fighting activity. The presence of confounding factors (e.g., tobacco smoking, charcoal-broiled food consumption, etc.) was determined by questionnaire. Plasma cotinine levels were measured to assess recent exposures to tobacco smoke. White fire fighters exhibited a significantly higher risk for the presence of detectable BPDE-DNA antigenicity than white controls (odds ratio, 3.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.08-10.5 after adjustment). Consumption of charcoal-broiled food less than 3 times a month was associated with a smaller proportion of individuals exhibiting measurable (positive) BPDE-DNA antigenicity, while consumption of broiled food greater than 3 times a month did not affect the proportion of positive individuals. Daily alcohol consumption was associated with a larger proportion of individuals exhibiting positive BPDE-DNA antigenicity, (P = 0.07). Tobacco smoking and charcoal-broiled food consumption, but not fire fighting, were associated with increased levels of baseline SCE. Sensitivity to SCE induced by mitomycin C in cultured peripheral lymphocytes was similar in fire fighter and control groups. However, sensitivity of individual fire fighters to mitomycin C-induced SCE was correlated with number of fires fought in the previous 24 h.
Metabolic activation in humans of chemical carcinogens found in the environment results in the formation of carcinogen-DNA adducts in vivo. Some polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human DNA can be hydrolyzed under mildly acidic conditions to yield tetrahydrotetrol derivatives which may then be detected by synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy. In an analysis of human placental DNA, second derivative spectroscopy alone was unable to resolve the synchronous fluorescent signature for r-7,t-8,t-9,c-10-tetrahydroxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[alpha]pyrene from a crude extract, because a complex array of other fluorescent materials was also present. Purification of the sample by a combination of chromatographic procedures including immunoaffinity chromatography and HPLC has now been shown to yield r-7,t-8,t-9,c-10-tetrahydroxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[alpha]pyrene residues from human DNA that are spectroscopically pure at the second derivative level. Immunoaffinity columns were prepared with rabbit antiserum raised against DNA that had been modified with (+/-)-r-7,t-8-dihydroxy-t-9,10-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[alpha]pyre ne. This antiserum has now been shown to recognize DNA samples that have been modified with six different polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diol epoxides and is probably only specific for a broad spectrum of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts. Adducts were eluted from the immunoaffinity columns, hydrolyzed with acid, and extracted into isoamyl alcohol, before being subjected to high-performance liquid chromatography. These experiments reveal important limitations of second derivative fluorescence spectroscopy as a tool in the analysis of complex environmental mixtures. Furthermore, they extensively define the ability of anti-benzo[alpha]pyrenediol epoxide-DNA antibodies to recognize different types of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts.
Three methods for the biological monitoring of human exposure to coal tar were compared. Levels of 1-hydroxypyrene(1-OH PYR), polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and mutagens (Ames plate incorporation assay using Salmonella typhimurium strain TA98 in the presence of S9 and beta-glucuronidase) were determined in urinary samples from psoriatic patients undergoing topical treatment with mineral coal tar. A single sample of urine with a high content of PAH was diluted with urine of nonexposed, non-smoking subjects in order to obtain nine samples with a decreasing content of PAh metabolites. Mutagenicity of the extracts was detectable down to the dilution corresponding to a content in 1-OH PYR of about 50 micrograms/g creatinine and total PAH of 7 micrograms/g creatinine. In a second phase the three indicators of exposure to PAH were compared in 16 urinary samples from four psoriatic patients. The total PAH levels determined by the acidic deconjugation/reduction method were confirmed to be nearly always lower than the corresponding levels of 1-OH PYR alone. Most of the extracts were mutagenic, however, some of the samples with a high content in PAh metabolites were not mutagenic. In all the urinary samples analyzed the excretion of 1-OH PYR was markedly greater than in control subjects. 1-OH PYR and urinary mutagenicity levels were well correlated. The present data suggest that both the determination of mutagenicity and 1-OH PYR in urine may be used to monitor occupational exposure to PAH, the latter method being cheaper and of greater specificity and sensitivity.
Male Sprague-Dawley rats were treated with a single ip injection of physiological saline (3.0 ml/kg), dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO, 3.0 ml/kg), phenanthrene (150 mg/kg), ozonized products of phenanthrene (150 mg/kg), pyrene (150 mg/kg), or ozonized products of pyrene (150 mg/kg). Phenanthrene, pyrene, and their ozonized products were dissolved in DMSO (50 mg/ml). Serum aspartate aminotransferase (AST) activity was increased significantly 24 hr after ip administration of DMSO when compared with physiological saline. Phenanthrene produced a significant elevation of serum AST and gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (GGTP) levels related to physiological saline and DMSO-injected rats 24 hr after injection. However, GGTP levels for groups treated with DMSO or phenanthrene were not significantly increased when compared with saline groups 72 hr after injection. Ozonized products of phenanthrene produced a significant elevation of serum AST, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), GGTP, and bilirubin levels when compared with groups treated with physiological saline, DMSO, and phenanthrene 24 or 72 hr after injections. The ozonized products of phenanthrene also produced significant elevation of serum creatinine levels compared with physiological saline, DMSO, and phenanthrene groups at 24 hr after treatment and of blood urea nitrogen (BUN) levels at 24 and 72 hr. Although pyrene caused a small but significant increase in the serum AST and bilirubin levels 24 hr after treatment, no significant change in the serum AST, ALT, GGTP, BUN, and creatine levels were observed with the ozonized products of pyrene at 24 or 72 hr. This study demonstrates significant alterations in serum chemistry induced by reaction products of ozone with phenanthrene. No such effect was observed when the products of pyrene ozonation were administered. Although the ozonation products of pyrene were not toxic under the conditions of this study, phenanthrene products were more hepatotoxic than was phenanthrene itself. Nephrotoxicity was also an apparent effect of ozonized phenanthrene. Since ozone-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) reactions may occur in the atmosphere, these reactions might produce compounds that are more toxic than either ozone or the PAH alone.
A new fluorescence line narrowing (FLN) apparatus is described and evaluated through experiments on intact DNA-PAH (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon) and globin-PAH adducts, as well as polar PAH metabolites. A detection limit of approximately 3 modified bases in 10(8) for a DNA adduct formed with a diol-epoxide of benzo[a]pyrene (BPDE-DNA) is reported for 20 micrograms of DNA at a spectral resolution of approximately 8 cm-1. The methodology employed avoids or minimizes spectral degradation and loss of sensitivity due to photooxidation and nonphotochemical hole burning (NPHB). A new double selection technique that employs both FLN and NPHB is described and found to lead to a significant improvement in selectivity over that obtained with conventional FLN.
Iron foundry workers, exposed to high levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), silica, and metal fumes and dusts, are at elevated risk of lung cancer. Benzo(a)pyrene and a number of structurally related PAHs are metabolically activated to diol epoxides (e.g., 7 beta,8 alpha-dihydroxy-9 alpha,10 alpha-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo(a) pyrene) which are mutagenic, carcinogenic in experimental animals, and form covalent adducts with DNA. The levels of these adducts were measured in an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay using a polyclonal anti-benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide-I-DNA antibody which cross-reacts with DNA modified by diol epoxides of structurally related PAHs. DNA was analyzed from peripheral blood cells of 35 Finnish foundry workers and 10 controls. Workers were classified as having low (less than 0.05 micrograms/m3), medium (0.05-0.2 micrograms/m3), or high (greater than 0.2 micrograms/m3) exposure to benzo(a)pyrene (as an indicator of PAH). When adjustment was made for cigarette smoking and time since vacation, benzo(a)pyrene exposure was significantly related to adduct levels (P = 0.0001). Each of the three exposure groups had significantly elevated adduct levels compared to controls. Among the exposed workers, the low group differed significantly from the high and medium categories. This study supports the usefulness of monitoring adduct formation in a population occupationally exposed to carcinogens.
The minor groove of undistorted A-DNA provides a good binding site for planar, hydrophobic moieties such as unmetabolized polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), and the base pairs at the ends of short oligodeoxynucleotide helices. It also accommodates the chief adduct derived from the metabolically activated form of the carcinogen benzo[a]pyrene. B-DNA lacks such a site. Computerized models have been generated for the major (N2-guanine-linked) adducts formed at this site by both + and - enantiomers of anti-benzo[a]pyrene-7,8-dihydrodiol-9,10-epoxide (anti-BPDE) with poly(dG).poly(dC) in the A-DNA conformation. The BPDE adducts lie in the shallow, relatively hydrophobic minor groove of the A-DNA after empirical potential energy minimization using the program AMBER. We term this binding mode "side-stacking." The side-stacked + anti-BPDE may constitute the chief carcinogenic lesion derived from benzo[a]pyrene.
The exposure of surface dressing workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) was studied. Four different paving sites, at which coal tar-containing binders were applied, were selected as work sites with high exposure levels of PAH. Breathing zone airborne particulates, contamination of the skin with PAH, and 1-hydroxypyrene in urine of the workers involved in chip sealing were determined. Substantial concentrations of cyclohexane-soluble airborne particulate matter were found (GM = 0.2 mg/m3, n = 28). Skin contamination was determined using two different methods: with exposure pads and by hand washing. Pads were mounted on several parts of the body: wrist, elbow, neck, shoulder, and ankle. The pads located on the wrist appeared to be the most contaminated (pyrene: GM = 22 ng/1.77 cm2, n = 40). The end-of-shift hand washing showed that the hands of the workers were contaminated with PAH (pyrene: GM = 70 micrograms, n = 35). Preshift hand washing showed far lower, but detectable, quantities of PAH on workers' hands (pyrene: GM = 5 micrograms, n = 35). Enhanced levels of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene among the workers were found. The highest levels were found in the end-of-shift urine samples. Correlations between the pyrene exposure variables were studied. Significant positive correlations were found between pyrene on the wrist pad versus end-of-shift urinary 1-hydroxypyrene; between pyrene on the hands versus end-of-shift urinary 1-hydroxypyrene; and between the two different skin contamination variables.
The presence of serum antibodies to the diol-epoxide DNA adducts of representative polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), chrysene, benz[a]anthracene and benzo[a]pyrene, was determined by ELISA using serum samples obtained from normal healthy individuals. Antibodies that reacted against PAH adducted-DNA, but not against PAH-adducted protein, were found in the serum of approximately 40% of the test individuals. Specificity analysis of the antibodies demonstrated that serological cross-reactions between the benzo[a]pyrene and the chrysene diol-epoxide adducts were present. Similar cross-reactivity between the benz[a]anthracene and the chrysene adducts was observed. Sera containing antibodies that were apparently specific for each of the three PAH-DNA adducts were also identified. The presence of antibodies to PAH-DNA adducts indicates both past exposure to these carcinogenic PAH and their metabolic activation to the DNA damaging metabolites. These antibodies may prove to be useful in both retrospective and prospective epidemiological studies of various diseases associated with PAH exposure.
Macromolecules in rabbit serum inhibit the cellular uptake and transepithelial secretion of [14C]urate and p-[3H]aminohippurate ([3H]PA) in rabbit S2 proximal tubule segments. To understand better the potential role these inhibitors may have in the regulation of renal organic anion excretion, we examined the specificity and relative inhibitory effects on tubule urate and PAH transport of albumin and gamma-globulin, the major inhibitory proteins in rabbit serum. Native rabbit serum markedly inhibited the cellular accumulation of urate and PAH by isolated nonperfused segments [50% inhibition (K0.5) = 0.4 and 0.65 g/dl, respectively]. Urate and PAH transport was also inhibited by bovine serum, human serum, Cohn-fractionated rabbit albumin, and rabbit gamma-globulin, but not by Cohn-fractionated bovine serum albumin. alpha-Lactalbumin and beta-lactoglobulin, derived from milk, also inhibited urate and PAH transport, but to a lesser extent than albumin and gamma-globulin. The transport inhibitory effects of proteins were independent of their binding to urate and PAH. Unidirectional influx and the steady-state intracellular accumulation of urate and PAH in suspensions of proximal tubules were decreased by rabbit serum proteins, suggesting that these inhibitors act on the external face of the cells to diminish the uptake of the organic anions. These studies indicate that the principal plasma proteins (albumin and gamma-globulin) significantly inhibit urate and PAH transporters in the basolateral membranes of S2 proximal tubules. We suggest that circulating plasma proteins that can penetrate the basement membrane of proximal tubules may directly modulate the renal excretion of urate and PAH.
Assays of urinary mutagenicity, urinary 3-hydroxy-benzo(a)pyrene, and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene were used to study their suitability in estimating exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in coal tar products. Rats exposed to coal tar solutions applied on the dorsal skin excreted mutagens, 3-hydroxy-benzo(a)pyrene, and 1-hydroxypyrene dose dependently in their urine. The correlation between the three parameters was high. Five dermatologic patients undergoing topical coal tar treatment excreted low concentrations of 3-hydroxy-benzo(a)pyrene and high concentrations of 1-hydroxypyrene. A significant correlation between the excretion of the two metabolites was found. The smoking workers of a coal tar distillation plant showed a significantly enhanced urinary mutagenicity compared with their nonsmoking colleagues, but an increase due to occupational exposure was not found. However, the concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene in the urine of these workers highly exceeded the upper 95 percentile of a reference population. The urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene of smoking referents was not significantly increased compared with that of nonsmoking referents. The data suggest that urinary 1-hydroxypyrene is a sensitive and specific marker for the assessment of occupational exposure to PAH.
Workers in coke oven plants have a higher incidence of lung cancer than the general population. They are exposed to a variety of chemicals, in particular the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), including benzo(a)pyrene. To evaluate the genotoxic effects of PAH exposure, air samples and urine samples were analyzed for PAH by capillary gas chromatography and high-performance liquid chromatography, respectively. Since benzo(a)pyrene is activated to 7 beta,8 alpha-dihydroxy-(9 alpha,10 alpha)-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo(a)pyrene (BPDE) and binds to DNA, we have used ultrasensitive enzymatic radioimmunoassay and synchronous fluorescence spectrophotometry to measure BPDE-DNA adducts in lymphocyte DNA. The results show that workers were exposed to high concentrations of atmospheric PAH. However, the mean PAH exposure levels are reduced 60% when the workers wore masks during work. When compared to exposure levels, the urinary excretion of PAH was relatively low. Approximately one-third of the workers had detectable putative BPDE-DNA adducts in lymphocytes by ultrasensitive enzymatic radioimmunoassay, and 10% of the samples had emission peaks at 379 nm by synchronous fluorescence spectrophotometry. The four most positive samples were the same in both of the assays. Antibodies to an epitope(s) on BPDE-DNA were found in the sera of approximately one-third of the workers. Detection of DNA adducts and antibodies to these adducts are internal indicators of exposure to benzo(a)pyrene.
Naturally occurring plant phenols such as tannic acid, quercetin, myricetin, and anthraflavic acid are known to inhibit the mutagenicity of several bay-region diol-epoxides of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). The binding of bay-region diol-epoxides of PAHs to target tissue DNA is thought to be essential for the initiation of cancer by these compounds. In this study we investigated the effect of these plant phenols on PAH-DNA adduct formation in the epidermis and lung of SENCAR mice. In vitro addition of tannic acid, quercetin, myricetin, and anthraflavic acid (25 microM) to an incubation system containing epidermal microsomes prepared from either control or 3-methylcholanthrene-pretreated mice inhibited benzo(a)pyrene binding to calf thymus DNA by 63-64, 38-43, 36-37, and 27-33%, respectively. A single topical application of tannic acid, quercetin, myricetin, and anthraflavic acid at a dose of 400 mumol/kg body weight resulted in the inhibition of [3H]benzo(a)pyrene binding to epidermal DNA (48-73%) and protein (51-63%). The same dose of these plant phenols (400 mumol/kg) caused even greater inhibition of (+/-)-[3H]-7 beta,8 alpha-dihydroxy-7,8-dihydrobenzo(a)pyrene and [3H]-7,12-dimethybenz(a)anthracene binding to epidermal DNA and protein. The formation of (+)-7 beta,8 alpha-dihydroxy-9 alpha,10 alpha-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo(a)pyrene-deoxyguanosine adducts was substantially diminished in both epidermis (62-86%) and lungs (38-84%). These results indicate that tannic acid, quercetin, myricetin, and anthraflavic acid are potent inhibitors of carcinogen binding to epidermal and lung DNA and suggest that these plant phenols could prove useful in modifying the risk of tumor induction by PAHs such as benzo(a)pyrene and 7,12-dimethylbenz(a)anthracene in these two tissues.
We followed the effects of sera from unilaterally nephrectomized (uninephectomized) rats compared to sham-operated rats on 3H-p-aminohippurate (3H-PAH) and 14C-tetraethylammonium (14C-TEA) uptake and oxygen consumption (QO2) in incubating rat kidney slices. These studies were based on the assumption that a circulating renotropic substance might also influence various transport mechanisms. Sera were obtained at various times postoperation; the height of renotropic activity occurs 17-24 h after kidney extirpation. Sera removed 17-24 h postuninephrectomy significantly decreased both 3H-PAH and 14C-TEA uptake in incubating kidney slices. Similar to the inability to show significant renotropic activity after 36 h, sera obtained 48, 96, and 168 h postuninephrectomy had no significant influence on 3H-PAH and 14C-TEA uptake. Addition of sera (10% v/v) generally depressed QO2. However, sera obtained from uninephrectomized rats compared to sera from sham-operated rats had relatively more depressive effects on QO2 in renal tissue after 30 min of incubation (p less than 0.01). No significant differences in QO2 were seen when the uninephrectomized and sham-operated sera were added to the tissue immediately or after 60 min of incubation in the sera. These serum studies on 3H-PAH and 14C-TEA uptake simulate in many respects ones performed previously with serum from spontaneously hypertensive and salt-loaded rats and suggest the presence of a common circulating factor.
Male Sprague-Dawley rats were treated with a single ip injection of dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO), phenanthrene, nitrated products of phenanthrene, pyrene, or nitrated products of pyrene. Phenanthrene, pyrene and their nitrated products were dissolved in DMSO. Phenanthrene produced a significant elevation of serum aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels relative to DMSO-injected rats 24 hr after injection. Gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (GGTP) levels were significantly increased for groups treated with phenanthrene when compared with the DMSO group 72 hr after injection. Nitrated products of phenanthrene produced a significant elevation of serum AST, ALT, sorbitol dehydrogenase (SDH), and GGTP levels when compared with groups treated with DMSO and phenanthrene 24 hr after injection. Four of six rats in the nitrated phenanthrene treatment group died between 48 and 72 hr after the injection. Injection of pyrene caused no significant increases in serum enzyme activities. Significant changes in the serum AST, SDH and LDH levels were observed with the nitrated products of pyrene at 24 hr. Only SDH levels were significantly different when pyrene and its nitrated products were compared. No significant differences were detected at 72 hr with the nitrated products of pyrene. As supported by serum chemistry, this study suggests that the products of the reaction of NO2 with two model polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are hepatotoxic. Both pyrene and phenanthrene form nitrated products that are more toxic than the parent PAH, but the nitrated products of phenanthrene appear to be more toxic than the nitration products of pyrene.
Rats were rendered hypertensive by clamping one renal artery. Both kidneys remained in situ ('two-kidney one-clip Goldblatt hypertension'). Half of the animals were simultaneously castrated. 18-24 weeks after the operation both castrated females and males had a lower level of hypertension than the uncastrated controls. The kidneys of castrates contained less connective tissue (measured as the content of hydroxyproline) and long-chain (C-18) fatty acids and had a higher specific activity of the enzyme N-acetylating p-aminohippurate (N-acetyltransferase) than those of uncastrated rats. Thus, castration seems to alleviate some renal effects of the Goldblatt hypertension. In all animals the clamped kidney contained more hydroxyproline and C-18 fatty acids and had a lower N-acetyltransferase activity than the contralateral untouched organ. These results are in accordance with the theory that renal fatty acid concentration interferes directly with the N-acetyltransferase activity of the kidney. The enhanced hydroxyproline content of the kidneys (nephrosclerosis) inhibits N-acetylation most probably indirectly by raising the tissue concentration of C-18 fatty acids.
The mutagenicity of urinary extracts and the excretion of PAH from workers occupationally exposed to coal tar pitch volatiles in an anode plant were analyzed. Mutagenicity of the urinary extracts was measured by means of the plate test using S. typhimurium strain TA 98. After concentration, hydrolysis and reduction of the urine samples, PAH levels were measured by high resolution gas chromatography/mass spectrometry. No significant difference was found in the mutagenicity of the urinary extracts of non-smokers occupationally exposed to PAH as compared with the controls. Low PAH concentrations were found in the urine of the exposed subjects, which lends further support to the negative results obtained with the Ames' test. The increase of urinary PAH excretion, in relation to occupational exposure, was mainly due to the less mutagenic, low molecular weight compounds.
A method for isolating 1-hydroxypyrene from urine is described. The presence of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine was identified by fluorescence excitation and emission scanning after HPLC-separation. 1-Hydroxypyrene could be detected in the urine of rats following oral administration of as little as 0.5 microgram pyrene. The dose-dependence of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine was evident after a wide range of pyrene dosing. After therapeutical coal tar treatment of dermatological patients the enhanced excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene was highly significant. Employees of a creosote impregnating plant showed an excretion pattern of 1-hydroxypyrene which could be related to their work. 1-Hydroxypyrene in urine of non-exposed people was very low, but detectable. It is suggested that the method reported is suitable for the assessment of uptake of man to pyrene, a compound that is commonly present in work environments which are associated with pollution of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
The components of the blood-CSF barrier responsible for the transport of p-aminohippuric acid (PAH) and choline from CSF to blood were identified using in vitro preparations of frog choroid plexus and arachnoid membranes. Choline was transported out of CSF across the arachnoid, while PAH was transported out across the choroid plexus. Probenecid and ouabain blocked both processes. The effect of Li on these transport processes was tested by the addition of 5 mM LiCl to the incubation media. Li increased, by a factor of two, choline transport across the arachnoid, but there was no effect of Li on PAH transport across the plexus. Lithium was passively transported across the choroid plexus, and we suggest that the major transport pathway is through the tight junctions. The steady-state distribution of Li between the choroidal epithelium and the incubation medium was only half that expected for passive distribution. This suggests the existence of sodium/lithium countertransport in these epithelial cell membranes.
The frequencies of the induction of sister-chromatid exchanges and the levels of deoxyribonucleoside-hydrocarbon adducts formed in Chinese hamster ovary cells that had been treated with either dihydrodiols or a diol-epoxide derived from polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons were determined. Up to 6-fold increases in the incidence of these exchanges were observed when the cells were treated either with the dihydrodiols, trans-3,4-dihydro-3,4-dihydroxy-7-methylbenz[alpha]anthracene, trans-7,8-dihydro-7,8-dihydroxybenzo[alpha]pyrene or the diol-epoxide, (+/-)-r-7, t-8-dihydroxy-t-9,10-oxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[alpha]pyrene but when the cells were transferred to media free of these compounds, there were rapid reductions in the frequency of these exchanges. When the exchanges were induced by the diol-epoxide, the decreases in frequency were paralleled by decreases in the levels of deoxyribonucleoside-diol-epoxide adducts that were present in hydrolysates of DNA isolated from the cells. There thus appears to be a close relationship between the frequency of sister-chromatid exchanges and the levels of deoxyribonucleoside-diol-epoxide adduct formation.
Consistent with its anatomical association with the proximal tubule we have previously shown that superficial cortical efferent vessel blood contains an admixture of early and late proximal tubular reabsorbate. Since tubular secretion of p-aminohippurate (PAH) occurs predominantly in the late proximal tubule, extraction of this compound should occur preferentially from efferent vessel blood. As a result, the midportion of the proximal convoluted tubule supplied by the more downstream peritubular capillaries would receive blood containing a disproportionately reduced concentration of PAH. To study this, proximal and distal tubular fluid and efferent vessel blood samples were collected from rats. The data confirm that preferential secretion of PAH occurs in the pars recta and demonstrate that PAH is extracted from efferent vessel plasma by the pars recta. This in turn preferentially reduces PAH concentration in early postglomerular blood before it reaches the peritubular capillary network. We speculate that PAH and similar substances secreted by the pars recta are short-circuited by rapid extraction from early postglomerular blood, reducing their delivery to the mid-proximal convoluted tubule. Such circumstances must be considered in any analysis of organic compound secretion by the in vivo proximal tubule.
1-Hydroxypyrene is a major metabolite of pyrene given orally to pigs. A method for isolating the metabolite from urine is described, utilizing C18-adsorbent cartridges, h.p.l.c. separation, and fluorescence detection. Unconjugated 1-hydroxypyrene can be detected in the urine of pigs following oral administration of as little as 1 mg pyrene. Identity of the 1-hydroxypyrene was confirmed by u.v.-absorption and fluorescence spectrometry, mass spectrometry, and by comparison with the retention time characteristic of synthetic 1-hydroxypyrene.
The distribution of membrane-bound enzymes involved in the metabolism of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons was investigated in the same animals, in membrane fractions from rat liver: monooxygenase, cytochromes P-450 and P-420, NADPH-cytochrome P-450 reductase, cytochrome b5, NADH-cytochrome b5 reductase, epoxide hydrolase, glutathione-S-transferase, and UDP-glucuronyltransferase. The purity of the fractions (rough and smooth endoplasmic reticulum (ER), nuclei, nuclear membranes, Golgi apparatus, plasma membranes, and mitochondria) was controlled by electron microscopic morphometry, chemical analysis, and determination of marker enzyme activities. Specific activities invariably were highest in ER. With respect to the distribution between smooth and rough ER, the enzymes fell into two groups: Epoxide hydrolase, monooxygenase, NADPH-cytochrome P-450 reductase, NADH-cytochrome b5 reductase, and the concentrations of cytochromes P-450 and b5 were higher in smooth ER; by contrast, UDP-glucuronyltransferase (maximally activated) and membrane-associated glutathione-S-transferase activities were lower in smooth ER. The non-ER fractions also had significant activities of the enzymes, but to different extents: (1) Nuclei and nuclear membranes showed high UDP-glucuronyltransferase activities (on a phospholipid basis 55-65% of that of rough ER) which did not exhibit latency. (2) Plasma membrane, Golgi apparatus, and nuclear membrane fractions had relatively high epoxide hydrolase and NADH-cytochrome b5 reductase activities as well as high concentrations of cytochromes b5 and P-450 (20-30% of levels present in smooth ER on a phospholipid basis). (3) In mitochondria (whole organelles), glutathione-S-transferase. UDP-glucuronyltransferase, and NADH-cytochrome b5 reductase activities were high, in contrast to exceedingly low (or absent) amounts of cytochrome P-450 and activities of cytochrome P-450 reductase, monooxygenase, and epoxide hydrolase. The data show that (i) aromatic hydrocarbons are metabolized not only in ER membranes but also in other kinds of membranes, including Golgi apparatus and plasma membrane, and (ii) the mode and extent of this metabolism can differ in different membranes. Such differences of activities of enzymes present in the specific membranes might lead to differences of the intracellular distribution of reactive and inactive metabolites of aromatic hydrocarbons and thus may be important in diversification and regulation of metabolic pathways of carcinogenic compounds.
A method for biological monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) has been developed. The analytical procedure includes extraction of PAH and PAH metabolites from urine using commercial cartridges containing C18-modified silica, reduction of metabolites to PAH by hydriodic acid and subsequent analysis of the PAH by high performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection. The method is applied to urine samples from an occupationally non-exposed control group and from aluminum workers with high exposure to PAH. In the control group urine extracts from smokers show a significantly higher level of PAH than from non-smokers. The high concentrations of PAH found in the working atmospheres of aluminum plants are not reflected to a corresponding extent in the excretion of PAH in urine.
Results of previous studies of urate secretion in isolated perfused S2 segments of the rabbit proximal tubule suggested that a bath of rabbit serum may inhibit urate transport in comparison to a synthetic medium. In the current study we tested for a urate transport inhibitor by determining the steady-state tissue-to-medium ratio (T/M) of [14C]urate in nonperfused S2 segments during incubation in synthetic medium (BSA-Burg) and commercial rabbit serum (RS-PF). With 80-120 microM urate in the bath the T/M ratio was 7.66 +/- 0.53 (n = 29) in BSA-Burg and 5.29 +/- 0.40 (n = 29) in RS-PF. RS-PF decreased the influx of urate into the cells but had no effect on urate efflux. Freshly drawn rabbit serum and plasma also inhibited urate accumulation, and the inhibition was reversible. p-Aminohippurate accumulation was inhibited by RS-PF, but tetraethylammonium bromide uptake was not. RS-PF inhibited transepithelial secretion of urate and PAH, but net fluid absorption was not decreased. The inhibitory material in rabbit serum could not be removed by extensive dialysis (14,000-dalton exclusion), by ultrafiltration (50,000-dalton exclusion), or by charcoal or ethanol extraction. Inhibitory activity was detected in both albumin and globulin fractions of rabbit serum. The relation between bath and intracellular urate concentrations of nonperfused tubules in rabbit serum was sigmoidal, whereas the relation in the BSA-Burg medium was more nearly hyperbolic. We conclude that organic anion transport in rabbit S2 segments is inhibited or suppressed by normal serum and suggest that urate secretion and excretion may be subject to allosteric modification by serum proteins.
To characterize the organic anion transport properties of the luminal (1) and serosal (s) membranes of crab urinary bladder, initial (10 min) fluxes (J) and tissue accumulations (Ac) of 10 microM PAH were measured in the absence and presence of 1 mM BCG (nontransported, high-affinity competitor). Control bladders exhibited net reabsorptive transport with a mean Jl leads to s/Js leads to 1 of about 7; concentrative transport of p-aminohippuric acid (PAH) occurred only across the luminal cell (c) membrane. With luminal PAH, luminal bromocresol green (BCG) reduced Jl leads to c, Jc leads to s, and Ac by about 85%; serosal BCG reduced Jc leads to s, increased Ac but had no effect on Jl leads to c. With serosal PAH, serosal BCG reduced Js leads to c, Jc leads to l, and Ac; luminal BCG had no effects on either fluxes or tissue accumulation. When bladder sheets were loaded with radiolabeled PAH, mounted in a chamber, and exposed to flowing crab Ringer solution on both sides, Jc leads to s was nearly twice as large as Jc leads to l; BCG significantly reduced Jc leads to s but not Jc leads to l. With unlabeled PAH in the efflux media, Jc leads to s was increased. The data are consistent with a model featuring an inwardly directed pump at the luminal membrane, a facilitated carrier at the serosal membrane, and nonmediated pathways at both membranes.
Uptake of 10 microM p-aminohippuric acid (PAH) by sections of Cancer borealis urinary bladder was concentrative, saturable (Km 67 microM, Vmax 1.7 nmol.mg tissue-1.h-1), inhibitable by other organic anions, and dependent on medium Na and glycolytic metabolism. Bladders mounted in flux chambers exhibited net secretory transport of PAH, with serosa-to-lumen fluxes (Js leads to l) being about 4 times lumen-to-serosa fluxes (Jl leads to s). In 60-min flux chamber studies, tissue-to-medium ratios exceeded unity with serosal, but not luminal, PAH. Initial (10 min) fluxes and tissue accumulations (Ac) were measured in the absence and presence of 1-5 mM BCG (bromocresol green; competitor organic anion). With serosal PAH, serosal BCG (1 mM) reduced serosa-to cell flux (Js leads to c), Ac, and Jc leads to l by 60-75%. With luminal PAH, luminal BCG (1 mM) had no effect on Jl leads to c, Ac, or Jc leads to s; increasing the luminal BCG concentration to 5 mM reduced Jl leads to c, Ac, and Jc leads to s by 40-50%. The data are consistent with a model featuring an inwardly directed pump on the serosal membrane, cellular accumulation, and a facilitated carrier on the luminal membrane.
Two different methods of inulin and PAH clearance were tested in 25 patients with normal and impaired renal function. The clearance calculated from the infusion rate and the serum levels was equal to the classical clearance calculated from serum levels and urinary excretion. The advantages of the clearance method without urine sampling are: a) catheterization of the bladder can be omitted, b) less analytical work and, c) exact timing serum and urine samples is unneccessary.
Crab urinary bladder appears to possess several morphological and functional similarities to vertebrate renal proximal tubule. Sections of intermolt rock crab bladder accumulated PAH by a process that was concentrative (60 min tissue-to-medium ratio (T/M) for 10 microM PAH averaged 24), Na dependent, powered by glycolytic metabolism, and inhibitable by other organic anions. Initial section uptakes exhibited saturation kinetics and a double-reciprocal plot of uptake vs. concentration yielded a single line with a Km of 70 microM and a Vmax of 5 nmol . mg tissue-1 . h-1. Chlorophenol red and bromocresol green (BCG) competitively inhibited PAH uptake. When bladder sheets were mounted in a flux chamber, they exhibited a large, net lumen-to-serosa (L leads to S) flux of 10 microM PAH that was abolished by 1 mM BCG. The small unidirectional S leads to L flux was not BCG-inhibitable. Bladder sheets exhibited PAH T/M greater than 1 after luminal, but not serosal, exposure. BCG only reduced bladder sheet T/M after luminal exposure. The data are consistent with uphill, Na-dependent, and carrier-mediated entry of PAH at the luminal membrane and nonmediated exit at the serosal membrane.
Air pollution in Poland and particularly in Silesia is among the worst in Europe. Many coal mines and coke oven plants are located in this area, representing a major source of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). We quantitated the PAH exposure level in air samples using personal sampling devices, collected urine samples from the same individuals, and measured 1-hydroxypyrene with high performance liquid chromatography. Samples were collected twice, once in February and once in September. Mean PAH level of samples collected at three different coke oven plants varied from 2.3 micrograms/m3 to 12.3 micrograms/m3; the lowest mean was in September. Mean levels of 0.15 micrograms/m3 (September) and 0.44 micrograms/m3 (February) were noted for the environmentally exposed group. Mean urinary 1-hydroxypyrene varied from 2.45 to 13.48 mumol/mol creatinine at the three coke oven plants. The corresponding variation between the three different environmentally exposed groups in Silesia was 0.41-1.54 mumol/mol creatinine. In the nonindustrialized area, the mean varied from 0.20 to 0.14 mumol/mol creatinine. Seasonal variation was found both at the coke oven plants and in the environmental exposed groups in Silesia. Both PAH levels and 1-hydroxypyrene varied seasonally among coke oven workers and the environmentally exposed group. Our study shows that PAH exposure in the industrialized area of Silesia is high compared to levels in Western Europe. 1-Hydroxypyrene excretion in environmentally exposed individuals in Poland is among the highest in Europe.
In a repair shop for train engines a pilot study was conducted to investigate occupational exposure to diesel exhaust. 1-Nitropyrene was determined in stationary sampled total suspended particulate matter collected on 2 consecutive workdays. Air concentrations of particulate associated 1-nitropyrene varied from non-detectable to 5.6 ng/m3. In spot urine samples collected on Sunday, Monday and Tuesday urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their nitro-substituted derivatives were determined using an immunoassay. In the urine samples of 3 diesel mechanics both cumulative and average excretion of urinary metabolites over 48 and 72 h were significantly enhanced (P < 0.05) as compared to the excreted levels in urine samples from 2 office clerks.
An immunoperoxidase method using a polyclonal antiserum which recognizes benzo(a)pyrene and structurally related polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diol epoxide-DNA adducts has been developed for the detection and quantitation of DNA damage in single cells. The method was used initially on 10T1/2 cells treated with [3H]anti-benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide then applied to the detection of adducts in oral mucosa cells of smokers and nonsmokers. Levels of DNA damage were elevated in each of 16 smokers (mean relative staining, 503 +/- 104) compared to 16 age-, race- and sex-matched nonsmokers (251 +/- 82; P < 0.0001). There was an approximately 3-fold range in relative staining in both smokers (252 +/- 125 to 663 +/- 189) and nonsmokers (157 +/- 72 to 431 +/- 269) suggesting the importance of individual differences in capacity to metabolize the carcinogens and/or repair damaged DNA. This noninvasive method, requiring small numbers of cells, will be useful for routine monitoring of DNA damage in intervention studies as well as for biofeedback in smoking cessation programs.
Carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) form DNA adducts via a complex metabolic activation pathway that includes cytochrome P450 (CYP) 1A1, whereas intermediate metabolites can be detoxified by conjugation through pathways including glutathione s-transferase M1 (GSTM1). PAH-DNA adducts can be measured in peripheral white blood cells (WBCs) and should reflect the net effect of competing activation and detoxification pathways and DNA repair as well as exposure. We have previously shown that WBC PAH-DNA adducts measured by an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) were associated with recent, frequent consumption of charbroiled food among 47 nonsmoking wildland fire-fighters who provided two blood samples 8 wk apart. In the investigation reported here, which was performed in the same population, we measured the association between the GSTM1 null genotype, which results in loss of enzyme activity, and PAH-DNA adduct levels, hypothesizing that subjects with this genotype would have higher levels of DNA adducts because of their decreased ability to detoxify PAH metabolites. However, PAH-DNA adduct levels were nonsignificantly lower in subjects with the GSTM1 null genotype (n = 28) compared with other subjects (n = 19) (median 0.04 fmol/microgram DNA vs 0.07 fmol/microgram DNA, respectively, P = 0.45, Wilcoxon rank-sum test). Adduct levels were also lower in the nine subjects heterozygous or homozygous for the CYP1A1 exon 7 polymorphism (which codes for a valine rather than isoleucine and is thought to be associated with greater CYP1A1 activity) compared with the 38 wild-type subjects (P = 0.12). In the entire group, there was a positive association between consuming charbroiled food and PAH-DNA adduct formation (r = 0.24, P = 0.02, Spearman rank-order correlation). This association was weaker in the subgroup of subjects with the GSTM1 null genotype (r = 0.03, P = 0.84) and stronger among the remaining subjects (r = 0.57, P = 0.0002). These results suggest that the GSTM1 null genotype and CYP1A1 exon 7 polymorphism are not associated with increased susceptibility for PAH-DNA adduct formation in peripheral WBCs measured by ELISA in nonsmoking populations.
OBJECTIVES: Increased risk of lung cancer has been associated with employment in the steel industry. This association is thought to be due in part to increased concentrations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in air found in this work environment. Measurement of PAH metabolites in human urine provides a means of assessing individual internal dose of PAHs. This study examined the relative contribution of occupation and smoking to urinary concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide (1-OHPG) among a group of workers at a steel plant. METHODS: Concentrations of 1-OHPG in urine from 44 workers with jobs associated with increased air concentrations of PAHs and 40 workers with jobs with low or no exposure to PAHs were measured. 20 workers in each group were not current smokers. Urinary 1-OHPG was measured by synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy after immunoaffinity chromatography specific for PAH metabolites. RESULTS: Mean (SEM) urinary 1-OHPG concentration was 2.16 (0.42) pmol/ml urine among the 44 occupationally exposed workers compared with 0.38 (0.05) among the 40 workers with no or low exposure (P < 0.0001). Mean urinary 1-OHPG concentration was 1.82 (0.41) pmol/ml urine among the 44 current smokers compared with 0.75 (0.20) among the 40 non-smokers (P < 0.005). Mean 1-OHPG concentrations in non-smokers were 0.26 (n = 20), 0.70 (n = 15), and 2.84 pmol/ml urine (n = 5) for strata of exposure to PAHs (no or low, mid, and high) based on job category; the corresponding values in smokers were 0.55 (n = 20), 0.94 (n = 12), and 4.91 pmol/ml (n = 12), respectively. Multiple linear regression showed significant differences between subjects in different PAH exposure with increased concentrations of 1-OHPG in urine. Amounts of foods containing PAHs ingested by this group of workers were relatively low and did not contribute significantly to urinary 1-OHPG concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that 1-OHPG is a common urinary metabolite in people with recent occupational exposure to PAHs and is associated with both job category and estimated stratum of PAH exposure. 
OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to assess whether contaminated personal clothing worn beneath a coverall (normal workwear) is a source of potentially significant dermal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in coal liquefaction workers. METHODS: An intervention study was conducted over a two week period involving 10 workers that reflected the range of activities performed at the factory. A cross over design was used to examine the influence of normal workwear (personal clothing worn beneath a coverall) and intervention workwear (new coverall, shirt, trousers, underwear, socks, and boots) upon excretion of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and skin pad deposition of pyrene. RESULTS: The impact of intervention was noted in three ways: (1) A notable reduction (55%) in the mass of 1-OHP excreted on the first day of the intervention phase was found. The median reduction in mass excreted (22.7 nmol) was significant from zero at the 5% level; (95% confidence interval (95% CI) 9.5-40.8 nmol). (2) A notable reduction (82%) in skin pad deposition of pyrene on the first day of the intervention phase was found. The median reduction of 13.20 ng.cm-2 was significant from zero at the 5% level; (95% CI 7.3-26.4 ng.cm-2). (3) About a 50% reduction in 1-OHP concentration over the working week occurred during the intervention phase; an increase of 2.07 mumol/mol creatinine was found from the start to the end of the work period during the intervention phase compared with an increase of 4.06 mumol/mol creatinine during the normal phase. This reduction was not significant at the 5% level. CONCLUSION: The results indicate that on the first day of the working week investigated, significant reductions in absorbtion (as measured by excretion of urinary 1-OHP) and deposition of PAHs (as measured by skin pad deposition of pyrene) can be effected by improvements in workwear policy. The impact of the improved workwear regimen was also detected by reduction in spot urinary 1-OHP concentrations, although this effect was less pronounced. One implication of the findings is that exposure to PAHs may arise from workers' own contaminated personal clothing. As a consequence of this study an improved workwear policy has been implemented at the factory. 
Urinary 1-OH-pyrene, a metabolite of pyrene, is a sensitive biological marker for dermal absorption of pyrene in man. In order to determine whether this metabolite is a reliable biomarker of cutaneous absorption of other polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), the blood-perfused pig ear model was used to compare the dermal absorption flux of pyrene with nine other PAHs after coal tar application. Cumulative absorption of PAHs into the perfusion blood, 200 min after application of an overdose of coal tar, ranged between 830 pmol cm-2 for phenanthrene to less than 4 pmol cm-2 for benzo[b]fluoroanthene, benzo[k]fluoranthene, benzo[a]pyrene, dibenzo[ah]anthracene and indeno[123-cd]pyrene. The results of this study show that when pyrene is used as a marker compound for PAH absorption through pig skin, the cumulative absorption of PAHs with a lower molecular weight will be underestimated: fluorene, tenfold; phenanthrene, 12-fold; anthracene and fluoranthene, ca. twofold. The percutaneous absorption of PAHs with a higher molecular weight than pyrene will be overestimated: e.g. benzo[a]pyrene, sevenfold; indeno [123-cd]pyrene, ca. 100-fold. It is likely that this conclusion is also valid for dermal PAH absorption in man.
A novel strategy was utilised to assess the risk to health from exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). Ambient monitoring was carried out by personal sampling. Urinary thioethers (UTh) and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP) were utilised for biological monitoring. Urinary d-glucaric acid (UDGA) and sister chromatid exchange (SCE) in peripheral blood lymphocytes were used as biological effect markers. The population was categorised into exposed and control groups according to the external dose of PAHs. The excretion of 1-HP in the controls over the 3-day period showed a relatively stable baseline, while the exposed showed a significant increase over the same period of time. SCE frequency in the exposed population was significantly different from controls.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon carcinogens are usually activated for DNA binding by the metabolic formation of bay region dihydrodiol epoxides with R,S,S,R stereochemistry. Such metabolites from planar hydrocarbons reacted preferentially with the amino groups of deoxyguanosine residues, whereas those from nonplanar hydrocarbons were more efficiently trapped by DNA and reacted preferentially with the amino groups of deoxyadenosine residues, in some cases. Molecular modeling and NMR measurements indicated that the conformations of DNA adducts depend upon the hydrocarbon involved and the cis or trans opening of the epoxide ring during adduct formation. The structural characterization of carcinogen-DNA adducts and investigations of relationships between specific adducts and biological effects represent an important background that can be valuable in molecular epidemiological approaches.
Workers employed in a graphite electrode producing plant (n = 16) and a coke oven (n = 33) were compared with a control population of maintenance workers in a blast furnace (n = 54). The following parameters were analyzed: concentration of 13 different PAHs in the work environment measured by personal air samplers, concentration of hydroxypyrene in the urine, smoking habits (via urinary thiocyanate levels and a questionnaire) and cytogenetic aberrations in lymphocytes (SCE, HFC and MN). On the basis of PAH levels in the work environment and hydroxypyrene concentrations in the urine, the workers from the graphite electrode producing plant were the most exposed. However, statistically significant differences in SCE and HFC and positive correlations between the cytogenetic markers and airborne PAH levels on the one hand, and urinary hydroxypyrene concentrations on the other hand were only detectable in the workers from the coke oven with a lower exposure. No statistically significant effect of smoking was observed. As to the inter-comparison of the different cytogenetic markers, one may consider that SCE and HFC are more sensitive than MN frequencies for the biomonitoring of exposure to PAHs. Whether MN or SCE are the best biomarker for risk assessment of cancer and whether the presence of PAHs in the work environment is really responsible for the cytogenetic effects found in this study could not be ascertained.
The concentrations of pollutants, especially polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), originating from automobile emissions are high in areas around urban arterial roads. To investigate the possibility of using urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-POH) a metabolite of pyrene, as a marker for estimating the amount of human exposure to PAHs, both an animal experiment and an ecological correlation study were conducted. Rats were exposed to one of two sources of PAH: diesel engine emissions containing particulate matter and NO2 at average concentrations of 4.20 mg/m3 and 2.90 ppm, respectively, or, for the control group, air having the respective average concentrations of 0.01 mg/m3 and 0.02 ppm. The concentration of pyrene was 36 ng/mg in the particulate matter in the diluted diesel engine exhaust and 9.0 ng/g in the feed to the rats. Urinary 1-POH levels in the rats of the exposure group increased remarkably over those of the control group, 2.4 times as much by the 2nd week of exposure and 5.6 times by the 4th and 8th weeks. The ecological correlation study was conducted in 1988 and 1989 in two area of Tokyo along arterial roads (Meguro and Itabashi Wards) and in one suburban area (Higashiyamato City) to measure urinary 1-POH levels in elementary school children who lived in those areas. Urinary samples were collected in October in 1988, as well as in January, May, and July in 1989. Throughout the period of investigation, the schoolchildren in the highly NOx-polluted Meguro and Itabashi Wards showed significantly higher urinary 1-POH levels than the children in the less-polluted Higashiyamato City by a factor of 1.1-1.6. These results suggest that the urinary 1-POH level could be used as a good marker for estimating the amount of exposure of residents to PAHs.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) levels in air, and worker urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels were studied in a coke oven, a Söderberg aluminium smelter pot-room, and during road-paving. Increased PAH exposure was shown to cause increased 1-hydroxypyrene excretion. Road-paving gave low PAH exposure, but resulted in a detectable elevated urinary 1-hydroxypyrene level. Background urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in office workers were determined, and a statistically significant difference between smokers and non-smokers was observed. It is suggested that urinary 1-hydroxypyrene can be used as biological exposure index for PAH exposure.
Two well-informed human volunteers were exposed to 500 micrograms pyrene by ingestion and by dermal application, in two separate experiments. Urinary measurements of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) were performed on all micturitions taken at intervals of 0.5-4 h for a total period of 48 h after dosing. Following the absorption phase, 1-OHP is excreted with a first order apparent half-life of approximately 12 h for both volunteers and both exposure routes. These results compare well with other previously published studies. A more refined analysis of the data was performed using a two-compartment toxicokinetic model for 'pyrene' (its fraction eventually excreted as 1-OHP). As it was found that a classical first-order system did not adequately fit the data, a non-linear term was introduced in the model for the elimination of urinary 1-OHP. Computer iteration performed on the oral absorption data allowed an estimation of various toxicokinetic parameter values. The mean intercompartmental exchange (k12 and k21) and elimination coefficients were 0.010, 0.006 and 0.012 min-1, respectively. The first two values compare well with those previously published for the rat, whereas the latter is smaller in humans. These values were used to satisfactorily simulate the experimental data for both routes of exposure, adjusting only for kabs which was estimated at 0.014 and 0.0029 min-1 for the oral and dermal exposure, respectively. The proposed model generates new hypotheses on the metabolism of pyrene. The information collected will contribute to the validation of the utilisation of 1-OHP as a biological indicator of exposure to pyrene.
The urinary excretion profiles following exposure to pyrene were established in one psoriasic patient under treatment with a coal tar-based shampoo and in two other volunteers exposed to a single dose of 100 microliters creosote and, in a separate experiment, to five consecutive daily dermal applications of 500 micrograms pyrene on 200 cm2 of the inner face of the forearms. Timed micturitions were collected for up to 48 h following exposure. Both in the psoriasic patient and in the volunteers exposed to creosote, the excretion peaks between 10 and 15 h after application and first-order apparent half lives of 11.5-15 h can be calculated for the elimination phase. Compatible with these observations, repeated exposure to pyrene in the volunteers causes an increase in peak and trough urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) values for the first few days following the first exposure. These results suggest that the difference between beginning-of-shift/beginning of work week and beginning-of-shift/end of work week 1-OHP excretions should reflect the average exposure of the week in workers having a constant exposure to pyrene. The difference between the beginning- and end-of-shift excretion values of a given day should reflect the exposure of that day but the maximum excretion would be attained a few hours after termination of exposure.
The urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) was measured in two reference groups of non-occupationally exposed individuals and in four groups of workers. Two of these groups were exposed to what were considered to be low levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) on the basis that even post-shift 1-OHP excretion values were low (< 2 mumol/mol creatinine). Therefore, urine samples were collected from these workers after a period of > 60 h without occupational exposure which should yield values approaching background levels. Pooling these results with those of the reference groups yielded a total of 140 individuals having a mean (geometric) excretion of 0.08 mumol/mol creatinine and 5th, 50th and 95th percentiles of 0.02, 0.09 and 0.32 mumol/mol creatinine. The mean (geometric) excretion in the 95 nonsmokers and 45 smokers of this pool was 0.07 and 0.12 mumol/mol creatinine, respectively (one-tailed Student t-test, P < 0.001). Both this background excretion and the contribution of smoking appeared small in comparison with the excretion levels observed in some groups of exposed workers. Indeed, creosote workers described in this report had a geometric mean (range) excretion of 1.63 (0.18-10.47) mumol/mol creatinine during their working week. It is concluded that, for the biological monitoring of workers exposed to PAH, urinary 1-OHP appears to be a useful bioindicator for which background environmental contamination or smoking habits can be neglected in most cases.
In order to assess environmentally and occupationally related exposures to PAH compounds it is essential to have reference or normal values in human body fluids. The establishment of reliable reference intervals is an absolute pre-requisite in determining relationships between internal PAH exposure in humans and health effects in occupationally exposed workers. In this context the estimation of the biological level of PAH metabolites in urine from reference populations has become increasingly important in the field of environmental and occupational toxicology. The present study describes the calculation of tentative reference values for urinary 1-hydroxypyrene on the basis of two reference populations and for urinary alpha-naphthol on the basis of one reference population in accordance with IFCC recommendations. The study subjects were 115 healthy male workers occupationally exposed to PAH at low levels and 121 reference subjects non-occupationally exposed to PAH. Tentative reference values for urinary 1-hydroxypyrene were estimated. In addition, 236 healthy male workers were used to estimate tentative reference values for urinary alpha-naphthol. The reference populations were described by distribution free one-sided tolerance intervals. The 95% one-sided tolerance limit calculated for 1-hydroxypyrene in urine was 0.053 mumol/mol creatinine for non-occupationally exposed individuals and 0.169 mumol/mol creatinine for low level PAH exposed workers, with the coverage interval (95 +/- 4.5) percent at a probability of 0.95. Thus, the probability was 0.975 that the tolerance interval included at least 90.5% of the distribution. In addition, the probability was 0.025 that the tolerance interval included > 99.5% of the population. The tolerance interval for alpha-naphthol in urine was 5.665 mumol/mol creatinine with the coverage interval (95 +/- 4.5) percent at a probability of 0.95.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) form a large group of organic chemicals that are widely distributed in our environment as pollutants of air, water and soil. Several PAH are carcinogenic in rodents, while exposure to these compounds has been associated with various types of human cancer. Upon entering the body, PAH may be converted into reactive electrophilic species, which can give rise to the formation of DNA adducts. DNA adduct formation is considered to be the initial event in chemical carcinogenesis. In this paper, two methods are illustrated that are widely used to determine PAH-DNA adduct formation, namely 32P-postlabelling, and immunochemical analysis with specific antibodies. The applications of the 32P-postlabelling assay comprise the following: A study of interspecies differences in PAH bioactivation in vitro, with microsomal preparations isolated from liver tissue of various rodent species and of human origin; the results indicate that there are considerable qualitative differences between the adduct patterns obtained, which is relevant with respect to extrapolation from animal to man. The analysis of DNA adduct formation in fish retrieved from marine environments polluted to various extents with PAH; results of these studies show a correlation between liver-DNA adduct levels in these fish and the degree of PAH contamination in the aquatic environment. Biomonitoring of PAH exposure through analysis of adducts in blood cells obtained from heavy and light smokers; the data show a fair correlation between PAH-DNA adduct levels in white blood cells and cotinine content in blood plasma, the latter being used as a marker for exposure to cigarette smoke.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
This study was undertaken to assess the suitability of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHPyr) as a biological marker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure in coal liquefaction workers. This is believed to be the first evaluation of the method in coal liquefaction workers. Ten workers were selected from a group of 30 workers considered likely to be at risk of contamination from PAHs by virtue of their jobs. Spot urine samples were collected at the start of a work period and at the end of each work shift, with analysis of 1-OHPyr being undertaken by high-performance liquid chromatography linked to a fluorescence detector. Exposure was assessed by the completion of questionnaires. Excretion of 1-OHPyr increased significantly over the working period, and there was a significant increase in 1-OHPyr where start-shift and end-shift samples were taken over one shift. A significant decrease in 1-OHPyr was found during breaks away from work.
BACKGROUND: The risk of bladder cancer has been shown to be increased in occupations which are likely to involve exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), but up to now, most studies have considered this exposure in terms of job title. METHODS: A hospital-based case-control study of 658 male cases of bladder cancer and 658 male controls was carried out in five areas of France from 1984 to 1987. For each subject, occupational exposure to PAH was assessed from questionnaires by an expert according to a semi-quantitative index of exposure. RESULTS: The overall odds ratio for PAH exposure, adjusted for smoking, coffee drinking and occupational exposure to aromatic amines was estimated at 1.3 (95% CI: 1.0-1.7, P < 0.05). A slight but clear dose-response relationship was observed, and the trend remained significant after adjustment for cumulative smoking, with odds ratios of 1.2 (95% CI: 0.9-1.7), 1.4 (95% CI: 0.9-2.2) and 1.8 (95% CI: 0.8-3.9) for low, medium and high average exposures respectively compared to subjects unexposed to PAH (P for trend < 0.05). Moreover, the association between bladder cancer and PAH exposure was also investigated in a category of smokers homogeneous with respect to their tobacco consumption. In this heavy-smoker group, a stronger association with PAH was detected. CONCLUSIONS: These results support the hypothesis of a causal relationship between occupational exposure to PAH and bladder cancer risk. 
OBJECTIVES: To evaluate workers' exposure in a creosote impregnation plant by means of ambient and biological monitoring. METHODS: Naphthalene (vapour phase) and 10 large molecular polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) (particulate phase) were measured in the breathing zone air during an entire working week. 1-Hydroxypyrene (1-HP) was measured in 24 hour urine as a metabolite of the pyrene found in neat (dermal exposure) and airborne creosote. RESULTS: Naphthalene (0.4-4.2 mg/m3) showed 1000 times higher concentrations in air than did the particulate PAHs. In total, the geometric mean (range) of three to six ring PAHs was 4.8 (1.2-13.7) micrograms/m3; pyrene 0.86 (0.23-2.1) micrograms/m3, and benzo(a)pyrene 0.012 (0.01-0.05) micrograms/m3. There was no correlation between pyrene and gaseous naphthalene. The correlations between pyrene and the other nine particulate PAHs were strong, and gave a PAH profile that was similar in all air samples: r = 0.83 (three to six ring PAHs); r = 0.81 (three ring PAHs); r = 0.78 (four to six ring PAHs). Dermal exposure was probably very high in all workers, because the daily output of urinary 1-HP exceeded the daily uptake of inhaled pyrene by < or = 50-fold. Urinary 1-HP concentrations were very high, even on Monday mornings, when they were at their lowest (4-22 mumol/mol creatinine). 1-HP seldom showed any net increase over a workshift (except on Monday) due to its high concentrations (16 to 120 mumol/mol creatinine) in the morning samples. 1-HP was always lower at the end of the shift (19 to 85 mumol/mol creatinine) than in the evening (27 to 122), and the mean (SD) change over the working week (47 (18)) was greater than the change over Monday (35 (32)). The timing of 1-HP sampling is therefore very important. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary 1-HP proved to be a good biomarker of exposure to three to six ring PAHs but not to airborne naphthalene. Hence, biomonitoring based on 1-HP has to be completed with exposure assessment for naphthalene as a marker for creosote volatiles that mainly enter the body through the lungs. 
Benzo[a]pyrene, benzo[b]fluoroanthene and dibenzo[a,h]anthracene dissolved in a 1:2 mixture of dimethylsulphoxide (DMSO) and water were administered to two groups of female mice, each group containing 15 mice. The doses were administered orally (via gavage) at the respective rates of 1 and 100 micrograms kg-1 body weight five times per week for a period of 9 weeks. The influence of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) was determined using the following methods: determination of DNA-PAH adducts, of chromosome injuries (micronucleus test), of induction of repair using the unscheduled DNA synthesis (UDS) test, and by examination of the DNA structure after nucleoid sedimentation. All the methods investigated provided evidence of a significant effect resulting from exposure to PAHs on the parameters examined. Following chronic exposure to PAHs, the formation of DNA-PAH adducts and injury to the genetic material, as well as the appearance of micronuclei (micronucleus test), the induction of unscheduled DNA synthesis (UDS test) and mutation of the DNA structure (nucleoid sedimentation), were demonstrated. The described methods therefore provide a means for the detection of genetic damage caused by PAH exposure in humans.
Evaluation of biomarkers for genotoxic exposure are important for future use of such biomarkers in cancer prevention. We have studied a group of aluminum plant workers for a period of 2.5 years. The level of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) has been monitored at the work place (cathode relining). During the study period, urine and blood were sampled up to seven times from the same workers. Mean level of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene varied from 1.08 to 2.44 mumol/mol creatinine in the exposed groups compared with 0.36 and 0.20 mumol/mol creatinine in the two reference groups. For a group of 14 workers the intraindividual variation of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene was analyzed. The relative standard deviation of the values was < or = 0.50 for half of the workers; the relative standard deviation was calculated for individual values divided by mean of each time point. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in white blood cells from exposed and nonexposed workers were measured by both immunoassay and 32P-postlabeling. By 32P-postlabeling mean values of 12.0 adducts/10(8) and 10.8 adducts/10(8) nucleotides were found in a PAH-exposed group and a reference group, respectively. Intraindividual variation of PAH-DNA adducts was also analyzed.
The effect of personal exposure to air pollution on DNA adducts in humans was analyzed in a group (n = 30) of women working outdoors (up to 8 h/day) as postal workers or gardeners in the city of Teplice, Czech Republic (Northern Bohemia), where winter inversions may result in high levels of air pollution from coal combustion. Ten of these women were followed up during the next winter season by repeated personal exposure monitoring and analysis of the DNA adducts in their white blood cells (in four sampling periods). Personal exposure monitoring for respirable particles (< 2.5 microns) was conducted for the 24 h period prior to collection of blood and urine. Particle extracts were analyzed for carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). Urine samples were collected for cotinine analysis to control for exposure to tobacco smoke. DNA isolated from white blood cells was analyzed by 32P-postlabeling with the butanol enrichment procedure. There were 21 non-smokers and nine light smokers in the pilot study (November 1992) and only non-smokers in the follow-up study (winter season 1993/94). In both studies high personal exposure variability between the individuals sampled on the same day was observed. In the pilot study we found a significantly higher (P < 0.05) level of DNA adducts in the 14 non-smoking women sampled on November 24, when their exposure to carcinogenic PAH was also significantly higher (P < 0.05), compared with seven non-smoking women sampled on November 26. We also found a significant correlation (r = 0.541, P < 0.016) between individual exposure to carcinogenic PAH and DNA adducts for the group of non-smokers (n = 21). No significant difference in DNA adduct levels was found between non-smokers and smokers. In the follow-up study, during one sampling period the ambient and personal air monitors exhibited a significantly elevated exposure to respirable particles and carcinogenic PAH. Analyzing data from the follow-up study, a significant effect of personal exposure on DNA adduct levels and their relationship with short-term exposure to carcinogenic PAH was found. The results suggest that DNA adduct levels in white blood cells reflect a short-term environmental exposure.
Biological markers of internal dose and macromolecular dose from PAHs provide a potential means of assessing environmental exposure to PAHs through inhalation, ingestion and percutaneous absorption. In this study we examined the time course and interindividual variation of 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide (1-OHP-gluc) excretion in urine and PAH-DNA adduct formation in peripheral white blood cells (WBCs) after charbroiled (CB) beef consumption. As a marker of internal dose, 1-OHP-gluc was measured in human urine using immunoaffinity chromatography and synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy. PAH-DNA adducts were measured in WBCs by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) in order to assess macromolecular dose. Ten healthy non-smoking males consumed identical amounts of CB beef on five consecutive days. Multiple blood and urine samples were collected before, during, and after the feeding period. The morning after the first day of CB beef consumption, individual urinary concentrations of 1-OHP-gluc increased 10- to 80-fold (range: 2.0-16.6 pmol/ml urine) above pre-feed baseline concentrations (0.23 +/- 0.11 pmol/ml) in the 10 subjects. 1-OHP-gluc concentration decreased to near baseline levels by 24-72 h after CB beef consumption ended. In contrast, PAH-DNA adducts in WBCs increased markedly in only four of 10 subjects during or after CB beef consumption. Significant interindividual variation was observed for both urinary 1-OHP-gluc concentration (P < 0.001 by Kruskal-Wallis) and PAH-DNA adduct levels (P < 0.005) during the feeding period. The mean urinary 1-OHP-gluc concentration for each subject during and immediately after (days 2-8) the feeding period was significantly correlated with their mean PAH-DNA adduct level in WBCs during the same time period (Spearman r = 0.79, P < 0.01). Evidence of segregation of the subjects into separate response groups based on level of urinary 1-OHP-gluc was observed, suggesting that discrete determinants may regulate the absorption, metabolism and/or excretion of ingested pyrene.
Some polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) such as benzo(a)pyrene and benzo(a)anthracene are well-established genotoxic agents. Long-term exposure to PAHs may lead to proliferative cell disorders in humans, predominantly in the skin, lung, and bladder. The concentration of several tumor markers in serum, of polyamines and modified nucleosides in urine, and of cytogenetic endpoints in peripheral lymphocytes (sister-chromatid exchanges, high frequency cells [HFC], and micronuclei) were measured in 149 male workers exposed to PAHs in two coke oven and one graphite electrode plants, and in 137 controls. We have assessed whether these biomarkers were related to several parameters reflecting exposure to PAHs, i.e., the sum of the airborne concentration of 13 PAHs, 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) concentration in postshift urine, benzo(a)pyrene-diolepoxide adducts to hemoglobin (BPDE-Hb adducts), and duration of exposure, taking also into account several possible confounding factors. HFC was the biomarker most consistently associated with the intensity of current exposure to PAHs. Smoking exerts an independent effect on the same parameter. On the basis of the logistic regression between the prevalence of abnormal HFC values and PAHs in air and 1-OHP in postshift urine found in nonsmokers, it is suggested that the latter should be kept below 6.4 micrograms/m3 and 2.7 micrograms/g creatinine, respectively. No relationship was found between the cytogenetic effects and BPDE-Hb adducts although both parameters are statistically correlated with the airborne PAH level. Some tumor markers in serum (carcinoembryonic antigen, tissue polypeptide antigen, sialic acid) and the urinary concentration of some polyamines were correlated with either PAHs in air or 1-OHP in urine. The associations, however, were very weak which suggests that these biomarkers have limited practical value for the health surveillance of groups of workers exposed to genotoxic PAHs.
Studies in coal liquefaction workers were conducted to examine relationships between work activities, exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and excretion of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP). In a single-week study in operators, the end of work period 1-OHP excretion was an order of magnitude higher than in a shadow control subject, who experienced exposure by inhalation only (shadowed operator = 15.8 mumol mol-1 creatinine; shadow control = 1.07 mumol mol-1 creatinine). Dermal exposure was estimated to account for over 70% of excreted 1-OHP in exposed workers. A second study over 4 consecutive weeks (multi-week study) showed consistency in 1-OHP excretion from week to week both in operators and laboratory technicians, indicating little variation in weekly exposures for these workers. Excretion levels in maintenance workers however, showed some week to week variation, consistent with the variable nature of exposures associated with this type of work. A further study involving an end of work period spot assessment for all personnel showed a clear distinction between exposed workers (operators and maintenance staff) and other workers not thought to be exposed (laboratory technicians and office staff). Findings in the course of these studies indicated that there is no loss of 1-OHP at 4 degrees C, compared with -20 degrees C. On the basis of work to date at the coal liquefaction facility, hygiene control strategies have been proposed involving periodic urinary 1-OHP monitoring.
A coupled-column high-performance liquid chromatographic method applying system-integrated sample processing on a copper phthalocyanine modified solid-phase material, gradient elution and fluorescence detection for the quantification of 1-, 4- and 9-hydroxyphenanthrene as well as for 1-hydroxypyrene in urine is described. The automated chromatographic system tolerates direct and repeated injection of urine samples. Validation results presented indicate quantitative and matrix-independent recoveries, low imprecisions in within-series and between-series analysis in combination with broad linear working ranges (2-400 nmol/l) and low detection limits (< 0.1 nmol/l).
The induction of DNA adducts and adenomas in the lungs of strain A/J mice has been investigated following the single i.p. administration of each of the following polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH): pyrene, dibenz[a,h]anthracene, benzo[a]pyrene, benzo[b]fluoranthene, 5-methylchrysene, and cyclopenta[c,d]pyrene. DNA adducts were measured by 32P-postlabeling at times between 1 and 21 days following injection, while adenomas were counted at 240 days after treatment. Pyrene did not induce either DNA adducts or lung adenomas at any of the doses examined. Each of the remaining PAH induced both adenomas and DNA adducts in a dose-dependent manner, with dibenz[a,h]anthracene > 5-methylchrysene > cyclopenta[c,d]pyrene > benzo[a]pyrene > benzo[b]fluoranthene. DNA adducts reached maximal levels between 3 and 9 days after injection, followed by a gradual decrease. The time-integrated DNA adduct level (TIDAL) was calculated by numerically integrating the areas under the adduct persistence curves extrapolated to 240 days for each PAH at each dose level. This value represents the effective total molecular dose of PAH that was delivered to the lung DNA over the entire course of tumorigenesis. A strong correlation of lung adenoma induction with the TIDAL values was observed for each PAH. The slopes of the tumors versus TIDAL value relationships were essentially identical for 5-methylchrysene, cyclopenta[cd]pyrene, benzo[a]pyrene, and benzo[b]fluoranthene. The slope of this relationship for dibenz[a,h]anthracene was markedly greater. The essentially identical induction of adenomas as a function of TIDAL values for these PAH suggests that the formation and persistence of DNA adducts determines their carcinogenic potency.
Coal tar treated psoriasis patients were used as a model population to evaluate a panel of immunoassays for monitoring exposure to benzo[a]pyrene (BP) and related polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). The assays included measurement of PAH diol epoxide-DNA adducts in white blood cells by competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) with fluorescence endpoint detection, PAH-albumin adducts by competitive ELISA with color endpoint detection and serum levels of antibodies recognizing BP diol epoxide-DNA adducts by noncompetitive color ELISA. PAH-DNA adducts by ELISA were elevated in patients (mean 6.77 +/- 12.05/10(8)) compared to controls (4.90 +/- 8.81/10(8), p = 0.12). There was no difference in PAH-albumin adducts between patients (mean 0.61 +/- 0.31 fmol/micrograms) and controls (0.63 +/- 0.30 fmol/micrograms). Glutathione S-transferase M1 genotype was also determined but no relationship was found between presence of the gene and either DNA or protein adduct levels. About 30% of both patients and controls had measurable titer of antibodies recognizing BPDE-I-DNA adducts. Measurement of white blood cell DNA adducts by ELISA was the most sensitive method for detecting PAH exposure in coal tar-treated psoriasis patients.
We have been interested in the structure-activity relationships of nitro-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (nitro-PAHs), and have focused on the correlation of structural and electronic features with biological activities, including mutagenicity and tumorigenicity. In our studies, we have emphasized 1-, 2-, 3-, and 6-nitrobenzo[a]pyrenes (nitro-B[a]Ps) and related compounds, all of which are derived from the potent carcinogen benzo[a]pyrene. While 1-, 2-, and 3-nitro-B[a]P are potent mutagens in Salmonella, 6-nitro-B[a]P is a weak mutagen. In vitro metabolism of 1- and 3-nitro-B[a]P has been found to generate multiple pathways for mutagenic activation. The formation of the corresponding trans-7,8-dihydrodiols and 7,8,9,10-tetrahydrotetrols suggests that 1- and 3-nitro-B[a]P trans-7,8-diol-9,10-epoxides are ultimate metabolites of the parent nitro-B[a]Ps. We have isolated a DNA adduct from the reaction between 3-nitro-B[a]P trans-7,8-diol-anti9,10-epoxide and calf thymus DNA, and identified it as 10-(deoxyguanosin-N2-yl)-7,8,9-trihydroxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydro-3-ni tro-B[a]P . The same adduct was identified from in vitro metabolism of [3H]3-nitro-B[a]P by rat liver microsomes in the presence of calf thymus DNA. A DNA adduct of 3-nitro-B[a]P formed from reaction of N-hydroxy-3-amino-B[a]P, prepared in situ with calf thymus DNA was also isolated. This adduct was identified as 6-(deoxyguanosin-N2-yl)-3-amino-B[a]P. The same adduct was obtained from incubating DNA with 3-nitro-B[a]P in the presence of the mammalian nitroeductase, xanthine oxidase, and hypoxanthine.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
We examined a group of 105 workers from a primary aluminum plant for the presence of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts in their WBC and 1-hydroxypyrene in their urine. Workers were recruited from five job categories with different PAH exposure: the anode factory; the bake oven; and the electrolysis and the pot-relining departments. Unexposed workers from the foundry department served as the control group. The exposure to PAH was measured by personal monitoring, and the average PAH concentrations in the work atmosphere ranged from 0.4 micrograms/m3 in the foundry to 150 micrograms/m3 in the pot-relining department. The average exposure to benzo(a)pyrene was under the Swedish exposure limit of 5 micrograms/m3. The internal dose of pyrene was measured utilizing the 1-hydroxypyrene concentration in pre- and postshift urine samples. Higher exposure to PAH in the work atmosphere was associated with increased concentrations of 1-hydroxypyrene in the urine. The average increase in concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene ranged from 0.2 mumol/mol creatinine in the control group to 5.9 mumol/mol creatinine in the pot-relining department; an accumulation of 1-hydroxypyrene over a 5-day working period was observed. A good correlation was found between PAH exposure and the concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene in the urine on a group level (rs = 0.90; P = 0.02). PAH-DNA adducts were determined by 32P-postlabeling analysis (nuclease P1 enrichment procedure).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The present study was undertaken among 260 subjects [133 controls and 127 persons exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) from two steel foundries and a graphite electrode producing plant in order to investigate the relationship between the benzo[a]-pyrene-diol epoxide adducts to albumin (BPDE-alb) and the intensity of exposure to PAHs. Blood samples were collected from each subject and BPDE-alb adduct determination was performed using a high-pressure liquid chromatography technique with fluorescence detection. Exposure to PAHs was assessed by measuring airborne concentration of 13 PAHs including benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) using personal air sampling and 1-hydroxypyrene excretion (1-HOP) in postshift urine. Significantly higher BPDE-alb adduct levels were observed in exposed workers compared to controls but wide interindividual variation was observed between subjects with the same level of exposure. BPDE-alb adduct level was weakly but significantly associated with the airborne concentrations of total PAHs (r = 0.35, P = 0.0001) and BaP (r = 0.30, P = 0.0001), and urinary 1-HOP excretion (r = 0.29, P = 0.0001). Alcohol and dietary habits, place of residence, and renal and hepatic status were not found to influence the concentration of BPDE-alb adducts significantly. However, for the same level of exposure to BaP, smokers had a higher probability of having an elevated BPDE-alb adduct level than non-smokers.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in foundry workers has been evaluated by determination of benzo(a)pyrene-serum albumin adducts and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene. Benzo(a)pyrene binding to albumin and 1-hydroxypyrene were quantitatively measured by enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and reverse phase high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC), respectively. 70 male foundry workers and 68 matched controls were investigated. High and low exposure groups were defined from breathing zone hygienic samples, consisting of 16 PAH compounds in particulate and gaseous phase. Mean total PAH was 10.40 micrograms/m3 in the breathing zone, and mean dust adsorbed PAH was 0.15 microgram/m. All carcinogenic PAH was adsorbed to dust. Median benzo(a)pyrene-albumin adduct concentrations (10-90% percentiles) were similar in foundry workers (smokers 0.55 (0.27-1.00) and non-smokers 0.58 (0.17-1.15)) pmol/mg albumin and age matched controls (smokers 0.57 (0.16-1.45) and non-smokers 0.70 (0.19-1.55) pmol/mg albumin). Median 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations were significantly higher (P < 0.0001) in smoking and non-smoking foundry workers (0.022 (0.006-0.075) and 0.027 (0.006-0.164)) mumol/mol creatinine than in smoking and non-smoking controls (0 (0-0.022) and 0 (0-0.010) mumol/mol creatinine). Dose-response relations between total PAH, pyrene, carcinogenic PAHs, and 1-hydroxypyrene for smokers, and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons adsorbed to dust for non-smokers are suggested. Exposure to PAHs adsorbed to dust showed an additive effect. There was no correlation between the concentrations of 1-hydroxypyrene and benzo(a)pyrene-albumin adducts. The change in 1-hydroxypyrene over a weekend was also studied. Friday morning median 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations were significantly higher in both smokers and non-smokers (0.021 (0-0.075) and 0.027 (0.06-0.164)) mumol/mol creatinine than Monday morning median concentrations (0.007 (0-0.021) and 0.008 (0-0.021) mumol/mol creatinine). Smoking did not affect the concentrations of 1-hydroxypyrene or benzo(a)pyrene-albumin adducts. These data suggest that 1-hydroxypyrene is a sensitive biomarker for low dose PAH exposure. Exposure to PAHs may be aetiologically related to increased risk of lung cancer in foundry workers.
An immunoenrichment procedure has been developed for applications in the detection and identification of a broad range of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts at very low abundance. The procedures are based on a monoclonal antibody raised to r-7,trans-8,trans-9-trihydroxy-cis-10-(N2-deoxyguanosyl-5'-phospha te)- 7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (anti-BPDE-N2-dG) which has been tested for cross-reactivity towards DNA and proteins (bovine serum albumin, chicken gamma globulin and human globin) covalently modified with a range of PAH diol-epoxides. The antibody recognised DNA adducted with the diol-epoxides of benzo[a]pyrene, benz[a]anthracene, chrysene, dibenz[a,h]anthracene or picene. The antibody also cross-reacted with the 7,8,9,10-tetraol derived from benzo[a]pyrene and the 1,2,3,4-tetraols of benz[a]anthracene and chrysene. The degree of cross-reactivity was greatest for PAH adducts with structural features similar to anti-BPDE-N2-dG proximate to the base attachment. The antibody also recognised a range of PAHs adducted to human globin; these included adducts of benzo[a]pyrene, benz[a]anthracene and chrysene diol-epoxides. This wide range of recognition provides good evidence for the class-specific recognition of PAH adducts by the antibody. When immobilized on Sepharose 4B and used in the immunoadsorption purification of adducted nucleotides, the antibody selectively enriched adducts of benzo[a]pyrene, benz[a]anthracene and chrysene from normal nucleotides. Quantitative measurements with [14C]benzo[a]pyrene-DNA adducts showed that the immobilized antibody was able to enrich benzo[a]pyrene adducts from a DNA hydrolysate containing adducts at a level of 1 adduct/10(10) normal nucleotides. In addition, this immunoadsorption technique was effective in enriching a mixture of DNA adducts formed in the skin of CF1 mice treated cutaneously with a mixture of [3H]benzo[a]pyrene and [3H]chrysene. Class-specific immunoenrichment procedures for DNA adducts are important in assisting the identification of genotoxic components in complex mixtures. The performance characteristics of this immobilized antibody suggest that it may be suitable for application in the detection, identification and monitoring of human exposures to low levels of PAHs.
With the aim of studying the effect of oral exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) on human DNA-adduct formation in mononuclear cells and excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine, we examined the effect of consumption of charcoal-broiled hamburgers. Hamburgers were grilled and samples were homogenized, saponified, extracted with hexane and analysed for PAH content by HPLC. The mean levels of benzo[a]pyrene and pyrene in the grilled hamburgers were 8.6 and 26.5 micrograms/kg respectively. Twenty one healthy non-smoking individuals consumed two hamburgers (170 g) per day for 5 days. 32P-Postlabelling analysis was performed on DNA samples of mononuclear cells of the subjects. The excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine was studied as a marker of endogenous exposure to PAH. In the DNA samples of eight of the 21 subjects, on day 3 of the consumption period a predominant adduct spot could be detected with similar chromatographic properties to a benzo[a]pyrenediolepoxide--deoxyguanosine standard, the levels varying between 3 and 103 adducts/10(10) nucleotides. Analysis of the urine samples revealed maximal 1-hydroxypyrene excretion on day 3 in all nine subjects who collected urine daily during the consumption week, with an average level of 5.2 nmol/24 h. In a subsequent study in which six volunteers consumed charcoal-broiled hamburgers with lower levels of benzo[a]pyrene and pyrene, no aromatic DNA adducts in mononuclear cells or increased 1-hydroxypyrene levels in urine were detected. In conclusion, oral intake of PAH may dose-dependent induce elevated levels of aromatic DNA adducts in mononuclear cells and of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine, indicating substantial bioactivation of PAH, in particular via this route.
Sixty-three male cigarette smokers were entered into a cross-sectional study to determine whether inverse associations existed between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adduct levels and intake/serum levels of vitamin A, vitamin C and vitamin E. Associations between PAH-DNA adducts and intakes of carotene, as well as serum levels of beta-carotene, were also determined. Fasting blood samples were collected for assays of PAH-DNA adducts in circulating mononuclear cells, plasma cotinine and serum levels of vitamin A, beta-carotene, vitamin C and vitamin E. Since genetic deficiency in the detoxifying enzyme glutathione S-transferase M1 (GSTM1) has been associated with increased risk of lung cancer, GSTM1 genotype was also determined. Analysis of PAH-DNA adducts by competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) indicated that 70% of the subjects had detectable adducts, with a mean of 4.38 adducts/10(8) nucleotides (range 1.00-24.1/10(8)). Pearson's method was utilized to determine whether any associations existed between the various host variables and PAH-DNA adducts. Previously, no significant associations were found between PAH-DNA adducts and cigarettes smoked/day, pack-years, daily/life-time tar exposures or plasma cotinine levels (Santella et al., Carcinogenesis, 13, 2041-2045, 1992). PAH-DNA adducts were inversely associated with serum cholesterol-adjusted vitamin E levels (r = -0.25, P < or = 0.05) and with smoking-adjusted vitamin C serum levels (r = -0.22, P < or = 0.09). Stratification by GSTM1 genotype indicated that these associations were limited to subjects with the null genotype. The relationship between adducts and serum cholesterol-adjusted vitamin E was significant in those of the null genotype (r = -0.38, P < or = 0.04), but not in those with the gene present (r = -0.12, P = 0.5). Similarly, for smoking-adjusted vitamin C, the relationship with adducts was stronger in subjects with the null genotype (r = -0.35, P < or = 0.06) than in those with GSTM1 present (r = -0.05, P = 0.77). These results are consistent with findings of prior epidemiological studies identifying significant inverse associations between anti-oxidant micronutrient status or GSTM1 genotype and the incidence of lung cancer. Additional studies should be conducted to confirm a possible role for vitamin E in PAH-DNA adduct formation and to explore further the possible roles of vitamin A, beta-carotene and vitamin C in modulating adduct formation and lung cancer risk.
Determination of benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) metabolites in urine can provide direct insight into recent exposure to BaP integrated from all uptake routes. In order to detect 3-OH BaP in human urine after exposure to BaP at the workplace, extremely sensitive methods need to be developed. In this paper, a new extraction method is presented, and two laser-based fluorescence techniques are evaluated. Using HPLC with laser-induced fluorescence detection, a detection limit of 8 ng/L was obtained. With laser-excited Shpol'skii spectrometry after chemical derivatization, 3-OH BaP could be detected at even a 0.5-ng/L concentration. In a pilot study, urine samples from coke-oven workers and from occupationally nonexposed control persons were analyzed. In the control samples, the average 3-OH BaP concentration was 8.3 ng/L; the 3-OH BaP concentrations were found to be highly correlated (r2 = 0.89) with urinary 1-OH pyrene, a widely used biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure. Significantly elevated 1-OH pyrene concentrations were measured in urine samples from coke-oven workers, but in most samples a corresponding increase of 3-OH BaP was not observed. Possible explanations for this discrepancy are discussed.
An improved high-performance liquid chromatographic (HPLC) method for the determination of 3-hydroxybenzo(a)pyrene (3-OHBaP) in urine was developed. The sensitivity and reproducibility of the technique was greatly improved by the addition of 1 mg/L ascorbic acid to the methanol eluent of the HPLC system. This procedure also eliminated the peak splitting and band broadening of the 3-OHBaP peak otherwise observed. Furthermore, it corrected the urine matrix effect on the slope of standard curves. In fact, in the absence of ascorbic acid in the HPLC system, slopes of standard curves were steeper when prepared in a methanolic extract of control rat urine (121 L.nmol-1) than in methanol only (86 L.nmol-1). Both these slopes were smaller than that obtained with the modified mobile phase (244 L.nmol-1). The effect of the latter on the shape and intensity of the 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) chromatographic peak was also investigated. Again, slopes were greater when the standards, prepared in a methanolic extract of urine, were chromatographed with ascorbic acid (380 L.nmol-1) than without (157 L.nmol-1). Therefore, it seems that ascorbic acid, like certain substances in urine, may act by masking specific adsorption sites--probably uncapped silanol residues on the LC 18 column that can retain free 3-OHBaP and 1-OHP metabolites.
Carcinogen-DNA adducts and somatic gene mutation at the hypoxanthine guanine phosphoribosyl transferase (HPRT) locus were evaluated in peripheral leukocytes of workers in an iron foundry with exposure to benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) and other polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). During the two year study period, B[a]P exposure declined by approximately 40%, from a maximum of 60 ng/m3 in the first year to < 36 ng/m3 1 year later. A total of 64 persons were sampled in November/December of the two successive study years; 24 of them gave two samples one year apart. The biomarkers included carcinogen-DNA adducts in leukocytes (PAH-DNA measured by an immunoassay, aromatic-DNA by the 32P-postlabeling method) and HPRT mutation in lymphocytes. After adjusting for smoking, levels of PAH-DNA, aromatic-DNA and HPRT mutation frequency (Mf) increased with exposure among the 64 workers sampled during the 2 year period (P < or = 0.05). However, the markers showed a differential response to the change in exposure, consistent with their individual biology. For example, among the 24 workers sampled in both years, carcinogen-DNA adducts (which have a half-life on the order of several months) were markedly reduced from the first to the second year (PAH-DNA, 6.2 versus 2.3/10(8); aromatic-DNA, 2.5 versus 1.4/(8); P < 0.01). HPRT Mf (a longer-lived marker) was somewhat less affected by the decline in exposure (1.3 versus 0.8, P < or = 0.05). Moreover, in the second year several long-term workers had low levels of adducts, but elevated HPRT Mf. Thus, PAH-DNA and HPRT Mf were highly correlated in the first year (n = 17; r = 0.67; P < 0.01), but not in the second year or in the two years combined. However, when analysis was restricted to workers with detectable levels of adducts (who included the more highly exposed workers) the correlation was significant between PAH-DNA and HPRT (n = 17; r = 0.65; P = 0.005). In contrast, aromatic-DNA adducts and HPRT were not correlated in either year. These results suggest a molecular link between somatic gene mutation and PAHs; and they highlight the need in such molecular epidemiologic studies to consider the varying lifetimes of the individual markers.
We evaluated humoral immunity by measuring IgG, IgA, IgM, and IgE concentrations in 274 male workers in an iron foundry in Cracow, Poland. There were two groups: 199 coke oven workers and 76 cold-rolling mill workers. The groups were similar with respect to age, length of work (average 15 years), and smoking habits. Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), assessed by personal and area monitoring, ranged from 0.2 to 50 micrograms/m3 benzo[a]pyrene in coke plant workers and was of 3-5 magnitudes higher than in the cold-rolling mill employees. Comparison of the two groups revealed a marked depression of mean serum IgG and IgA in coke oven workers (p < 0.001, Student's unpaired t-test). In the same subjects, serum IgM had a tendency to decrease, whereas serum IgE showed a trend toward higher values. Thus, workers exposed chronically to complex mixtures of air pollutants, composed primarily of PAHs, develop immunosuppression. It remains to be established whether the immunosuppression described here is related to the frequent development of lung cancer reported in coke plant employees. Workers exposed chronically to PAHs should have serum immunoglobulins monitored regularly.
In two Danish iron foundries the concentration of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in 24 personal air samples of workers employed in selected processes, i.e. melters, melted iron transporters, casters, machine molders, hand molders, shake-out workers and finishing workers, were measured and correlated to levels of 1-hydroxypyrene, alpha-naphthol and beta-naphthylamine in the urine of exposed workers. The highest total airborne PAH concentrations (sum of 15 selected PAH compounds: 9.6-11.2 micrograms/m3) were associated with casting, machine molding, and shake-out. The highest concentrations of the sum of six selected airborne carcinogenic PAH compounds were found for melting, casting and machine and hand molding. As seen in other working environments involving low-level PAH exposure, the content of naphthalene was high, in general exceeding 85% of the total content of PAH compounds. The present study demonstrates that 1-hydroxypyrene is a useful and direct biomarker of low-dose occupational exposure to PAH compounds. Molding and casting had the highest pyrene levels in iron foundries. Furthermore, the data shows that levels of beta-naphthylamine in urine are significantly elevated in iron foundry workers. Hand molders, finishing workers and truck drivers tended to have the highest levels. Concerning alpha-naphthol the highest concentrations were measured in urine from casters and shake-out workers. With regard to epidemiologic studies demonstrating that molders and casters have a higher risk of lung cancer, the present study suggests that the elevated risk may be due to exposure to carcinogenic PAH compounds in iron foundries, particularly in some high-risk work processes, e.g. casting and molding. In addition, the present study suggests that biological monitoring of 1-hydroxypyrene and beta-naphthylamine may be used to estimate the individual exposure, which seems to be correlated with exposure during individual work processes.
The effect of hygienic skin protective measures on the internal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) was studied in 13 coke-oven workers. The study took place over 2 consecutive weeks. In 1 week the subjects worked under the normal circumstances, in the other week extra hygienic skin protective measures were instituted: laundered working clothes and a new pair of gloves before each 8-h work shift, and the washing both of the hands and of the face before each break. Biological monitoring was undertaken to measure the effect of the extra hygienic measures on the urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion, which is a measure of the internal PAH exposure. The increase of the urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration over the 4-day workweek was on average 37% lower when extra hygienic measures were taken, being 1.3 instead of 2.3 mumole 1-hydroxypyrene per mole creatinine (P = 0.03, N = 13). This study demonstrates that simple hygienic skin protective measures result in a significant reduction of the internal PAH exposure.
Coal tar-treated psoriasis patients were used as a model population to test a newly developed enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) for urinary excretion of benzo(a)pyrene and related polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). The ability of the ELISA to detect exposure was also compared with that of two previously established biomonitoring methods, measurement of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene by high performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection and mutagenicity measured by the Salmonella typhimurium mutagenesis assay. Urine samples were collected from 57 patients and 53 untreated volunteers. Urinary excretion of PAH metabolites, measured by competitive ELISA with a monoclonal antibody (4D5), was elevated in patients (mean, 730 +/- 1370 mumol/mol creatinine) compared with untreated volunteers (110 +/- 90 mumol/mol creatinine; P < 0.0001). 1-Hydroxypyrene also was elevated in patients (mean, 547 +/- 928 mumol/mol creatinine) compared with volunteers (mean, 0.14 +/- 0.17 mumol/mol creatinine; P < 0.0001). Much larger differences between mean values in patients and volunteers were observed with the 1-hydroxypyrene assay compared with the PAH metabolite ELISA. No significant effect of smoking could be detected by either assay. Analysis by the Salmonella typhimurium mutagenesis assay indicated elevated mutagenicity in urine from patients (1410 +/- 2750 revertants/mmol creatinine) compared with volunteers (715 +/- 846 revertants/mmol creatinine; P = 0.072). In all subjects, there was a good correlation between the PAH metabolites and both 1-hydroxypyrene (r = 0.717; P < 0.0001) and urinary mutagenicity (r = 0.317; P = 0.004). These results suggest that the ELISA, which easily can be carried out on large numbers of samples, can be used for monitoring urinary excretion of PAHs in a high exposure population. Ongoing studies are designed to determine its applicability to lower exposure populations.
Coal tar, which is widely used in the treatment of patients with atopic dermatitis, chronic eczema, and psoriasis, contains a large amount of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). Some of the PAH compounds are known either to be carcinogenic or to potentiate the effects of other carcinogenic substances. In the present study, the excretion patterns of 1-hydroxypyrene (metabolite of pyrene) and alpha-naphthol (metabolite of naphthalene) in urine were studied in 2 patients, both treated once a day with coal tar pitch covering more than 50% of the skin. After 1 week of treatment, the concentration of both alpha-naphthol and 1-hydroxypyrene increased approximately 100 times. However, the concentration after 3 weeks of treatment was decreased to approximately the concentration measured before initiation of the treatment, even though the patients were coal tar-treated with unchanged intensity. The measured concentrations of alpha-naphthol and 1-hydroxypyrene in the urine of the 2 patients exceeded by order of magnitude the levels measured in the urine of occupationally exposed workers, and in view of the present study, epidemiological studies are needed to clarify to what extent coal tar treatment results in an increased risk of skin cancer, and e.g. bladder cancer.
Humans are exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) from various occupational, environmental, medicinal and dietary sources. The measurement of specific PAH metabolites, particularly 1-hydroxypyrene, in human urine treated with deconjugating enzymes (e.g. beta-glucuronidase) has been extensively used as a means of assessing recent exposure to PAHs. We have examined pyrene metabolites in human urine prior to enzymatic deconjugation in order to determine the relative proportions of conjugated and unconjugated pyrene metabolites. The analytical method utilized immunoaffinity chromatography, high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and the complementary techniques of synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy (SFS) and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) to measure pyrene-containing metabolites. SFS analysis of immunoaffinity-purified urine samples showed fluorescence spectra characteristic of the pyrene moiety (using wavelength differences of 34 nm, 54 nm and 102 nm). These spectra are produced by several PAHs containing the pyrene moiety. HPLC analysis with fluorescence detection indicated that the major fluorescent metabolite in immunoaffinity-purified urine was much more polar than simple hydroxylated metabolites of pyrene (1-hydroxypyrene) or benzo[a]pyrene (benzo[a]pyrene-diols or -tetrols). Following digestion with beta-glucuronidase, this metabolite co-chromatographed with authentic 1-hydroxypyrene and exhibited fluorescence spectra characteristic of 1-hydroxypyrene, suggesting that the major metabolite was a glucuronide conjugate of 1-hydroxypyrene. This was subsequently confirmed by GC-MS analysis of trimethylsilyl derivatives of the major metabolite; both 1-hydroxypyrene and glucuronic acid were detected independently as derivatized products. Since 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide is approximately 5-fold more fluorescent than 1-hydroxypyrene, it may provide a more sensitive biomarker for assessing exposure to pyrene in mixtures of PAHs.
A cross-sectional epidemiological study was performed on 286 workers from two coke oven and one graphite electrode plants. The aim was to evaluate the usefulness of monitoring 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HOP) in urine for assessing exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), and that of the urinary excretion of thioethers and D-glucaric acid, and the mutagenic activity of urine as indicators or biological effects of PAHs. The results confirm that 1-HOP determination in urine probably reflects exposure to PAHs by all routes and is not significantly influenced by the smoking habit. In comparison with the total PAHs in the air and 1-hydroxypyrene in urine, taken as reference exposure parameters, the results indicate that urinary D-glucaric acid excretion is not positively influenced by PAHs exposure; thioethers determination in urine is of poor value, since the smoking habit is a strong confounding factor. The determination of urinary mutagenicity might contribute to the detection of groups of workers exposed to potentially genotoxic PAHs.
We have compared several biomarkers for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure among electrode paste plant workers and workers not occupationally exposed to PAH. The PAH exposure was quantitated from samples collected with person-attached sampling devices. The mean particulate PAH exposure level in the plant was 14.4 micrograms/m3. The level of pyrene was significantly correlated with both PAH level and the level of selected carcinogenic PAHs in this type of exposure. The mean concentration of the biomarker 1-hydroxypyrene in the PAH exposed workers' urine was 6.98 mumol of 1-hydroxypyrene per mole of creatinine compared with 0.08 and 0.14 mumol of 1-hydroxypyrene per mole of creatinine in the two reference groups. PAH-DNA adducts were measured in DNA from white blood cells by the ultrasensitive enzyme radioimmunoassay (USERIA) and the 32P-postlabeling technique. Only urinary 1-hydroxypyrene was significantly increased in the PAH-exposed group.
Biological monitoring of exposure of workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in petrochemical industries was performed by the measurement of urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene. In 121 of the 462 workers studied (both smokers and non-smokers) who had had no recent occupational exposure to PAHs a median 1-hydroxypyrene concentration of 0.21 micrograms/g creatinine was found. The upper limit of the 95% confidence interval in these workers of 0.99 micrograms/g creatinine was used as the upper normal value for industrial workers. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations were measured in workers involved in manufacture and maintenance operations in oil refineries (13 studies in eight different settings), in workers manufacturing or handling products containing PAHs in chemical plants (five studies in three settings) and laboratories (four studies), and in workers digging soil contaminated with PAHs (three studies). In most studies in oil refineries 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations were only marginally greater than the values measured in the 121 workers with no recent occupational exposure to PAHs. This was also the case in maintenance operations with higher potential exposure to PAHs, indicating that personal protection equipment was generally adequate to prevent excessive exposure. The studies in chemical plants also showed that exposure to PAHs is low. An exception was the workers engaged in the production of needle coke from ethylene cracker residue, where increased urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations were measured. The excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene by the operators and maintenance workers of this plant was investigated in relation to potential methods of exposure to PAHs. Dermal and inhalatory exposure were both significant determinants of exposure to PAHs.
A biomarker of human exposure to chemical agents provides a valuable parameter for assessing the extent and significance of the uptake by giving a measurement that is direct and integrated over time and exposure routes. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene is currently tested as a biomarker for the assessment of low level environmental exposure of people to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). Five examples of the application of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene methodology in the assessment of environmental exposure to PAH are presented: inhalation of tobacco smoke; inhalation of urban outdoor air; windsurfers sailing on polluted water; absorption of contaminated food; exposure in an urban area with many heavy industries. The examples illustrate that the urinary 1-hydroxypyrene test is sufficiently sensitive. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene is an effective biomarker for the assessment of human environmental exposure to PAH.
Matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization (MALDI) Fourier transform ion cyclotron resonance mass spectrometry (FTMS) has been applied for the structural characterization of four polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon dihydrodiol epoxide (PAHDE) adducts, including the 5,6-dimethylchrysene DE adduct of 2'-deoxyadenosine, the 5-methyl- and 5,6-dimethylchrysene DE adducts of 2'-deoxyguanosine, and the benzo[a]pyrene-DE adduct of 2'-deoxyguanosyl 3'-phosphate. Measurement of positive and negative ion mass spectra, accurate mass determinations, and CID experiments were carried out using 10-40 ng (20-70 pmol) of sample. An evaluation of five MALDI matrices showed that matrix selection can be used to control the degree of analyte fragmentation. Three MALDI matrices commonly used for the analysis of proteins (sinapinic acid, ferulic acid, 2,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid) gave positive ion adduct mass spectra showing protonated or sodiated molecular ions accompanied by abundant, structurally informative fragment ions. Fragmentation was significantly reduced when working with two matrices used for oligonucleotide analysis (an anthranilic-nicotinic acid mixture and 3-hydroxypicolinic acid). Using the CID capabilities of FTMS, isolation and activation of the MALDI-produced ions was used to provide additional structural information. While characteristic negative ions were not detected for the adenosyladduct, the guanosyl and guanosyl 3'-phosphate adducts gave [M-H]- ions when the anthranilic-nicotinic acid matrix mixture was used. The guanosyl adducts also showed [M-H-2H2O]- fragments. Compared with FAB or FAB-MS/MS for the analysis of underivatized PAH-DE adducts, MALDI-FTMS signals are long-lived, the direct MALDI-FT mass spectra show more structurally informative fragments, and accurate mass and CID experiments require lower sample quantities.
A filter combination consisting of an impregnated glass fibre and a control filter was used for the collection of air samples in which gaseous and particulate polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) were determined. To estimate the loss of lower boiling PAHs, d10-phenanthrene was applied as internal standard. A simple, well-producible method for the determination of 1-, 2-, 3-, 4- and 9-hydroxyphenanthrene, 1,2-, 3,4- and 9,10-dihydroxydihydrophenanthrene, 1-hydroxypyrene and 1,2-dihydroxy-1,2-dihydropyrene is described. By means of personal air samplers the exposure to PAHs of four coke plant employees working at different locations was measured over 4 days. Simultaneously the 24-h urine was collected and stored frozen until analysed. The main excretion product of pyrene is a 1-hydroxypyrene conjugate, whereas phenanthrene is excreted predominantly as dihydrodiol conjugate. As expected, workers on the battery topside were exposed the most and accordingly excreted by far the highest amounts of PAHs. Up to 34.0 micrograms phenanthrol conjugates (total of all isomeric phenols) and 195.5 micrograms dihydrodiol conjugates (total of all isomeric dihydrodiols) were excreted in the 24-h urine (mean of 4 days). The metabolite profiles of five isomeric phenanthrene phenols and three isomeric dihydrodiols exhibited only small percentage variations within one individual whereas significant interindividual differences were observed. These findings may indicate a genetically determined enzyme pattern responsible for the metabolic conversion of PAHs.
Synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy has been combined with immunoaffinity chromatography (IAC) and HPLC to detect polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts and measure r-7,t-8-dihydroxy-t-9,10-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (BPDE)-DNA adducts in human tissues and cells. A monoclonal antibody (8E11) that recognizes a range of PAH-DNA adducts, but not chemically unrelated adducts, was used to prepare IAC columns. Samples of DNA (25 from human lung and 8 positive and negative controls) were hydrolyzed enzymically and subjected to IAC. Adducts captured by the antibodies and eluted in NaOH (50 mM) were analyzed for fluorescent properties. The spectral fluorescence excitation-emission matrices suggested the presence of mixtures of PAH-DNA adducts in some of the eluates. The eluates were subsequently hydrolyzed with acid (HCl, 0.1 N, 3 hr) and reanalyzed by synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy using a wavelength differential of 34 nm. In 6 of the 25 human lung DNA samples, materials with HPLC retention times identical to benzo[a]pyrene-7,10/8,9-tetrahydrotetrol were found to have fluorescence characteristics indistinguishable from pyrene. Comparisons with appropriate standards indicated that BPDE-DNA adduct levels were between 1 and 40 adducts in 10(8) unmodified nucleotides. No correlation was observed between lung DNA-adduct levels and measures of recent smoking (serum cotinine), but tissue samples taken from different portions of the same lungs showed variation in the DNA adduct levels detected. This finding complicates interpretation of the data and has important implications for the design of future experiments.
Previous investigations suggest that dietary sources of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) contribute to the PAH-DNA adduct load in peripheral white blood cells (WBCs). In the current study, we measured PAH-DNA adducts by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay in WBCs obtained from 47 California wildland (forest) firefighters at two time points (early and late) during an active forest fire season. PAH-DNA adduct levels were not associated with recent firefighting activity, but were positively associated with frequency of charbroiled food consumption in the previous 2 weeks. In addition, adduct levels declined with time since last ingestion of charbroiled food. These studies indicate that recent consumption of charbroiled food contributes to the PAH-DNA adduct load in peripheral WBCs.
Workers in the coking, foundry, and aluminum industry can be exposed to high concentrations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and are at increased risk for lung cancer, as are cigarette smokers. In recent years several studies on workers in the foundry and coking industries have been reported. In these studies, white blood cell(WBC) DNA was used for analysis of PAH-DNA adducts. Theoretically, DNA adduct formation is a more relevant biological parameter for assessing exposure risk than PAH in the work atmosphere, or the amount of a metabolite in the urine, because adduct levels reflect that part of the dose that escapes detoxification and binds to DNA. We analyzed WBC DNA from coke-oven workers and from workers in an aluminum production plant and demonstrated the presence of PAH-DNA adducts. Forty-seven percent of the coke-oven workers had detectable levels of PAH-DNA adducts in their WBC compared with 27% of the controls (p < 0.05), measured with ELISA. In both groups, smokers had significantly higher levels of PAH-DNA adducts than did nonsmokers. In the aluminum workers, no PAH-DNA adducts were detected by ELISA, although the benzo[a]pyrene concentrations in the work atmosphere were comparable to those of the coke-oven workers. The more sensitive 32P-postlabeling assay showed the presence of PAH-DNA adducts in 91% of the aluminum workers. There was no correlation of WBC adduct levels with the concentration of PAH in the work atmosphere. Recently we showed that total PAH-DNA adduct levels in WBC from lung cancer patients were much higher than those generally found in healthy smokers.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The high lung cancer rate in Xuan Wei, China, is associated with smoky coal use in unvented homes, but not with wood or smokeless coal use. Smoky coal combustion emits higher polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) concentrations than wood combustion. This study used DNA adducts as biomarkers for human exposure to PAH from combustion emissions. DNA adducts were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (ELISA) in placentas and peripheral and cord white blood cells (WBC) from Xuan Wei women burning smoky coal or wood and from Beijing women using natural gas. Color ELISA gave positive results in 58, 47, and 5% of the placentas from Xuan Wei women burning smoky coal without and with chimneys, and from Beijing women, respectively. Fluorescence ELISA indicated that 46, 65, 56, and 25% of placentas were positive from Xuan Wei women who lived in houses without and with chimneys, Xuan Wei women burning wood, and Beijing controls, respectively. Peripheral WBC samples were positive in 7/9, 8/9, and 3/9 for the Xuan Wei women who lived in houses without and with chimneys and Beijing women, respectively. PAH-DNA adducts were detected in a higher percentage of placentas from Xuan Wei women living in houses exposed to smoky coal or wood emissions than from those of the Beijing controls. No dose-response relationship was observed between the air benzo[alpha]pyrene concentrations and DNA adduct levels or percentage of detectable samples. The results suggest that DNA adducts can be used as a qualitative biomarker to assess human exposure to combustion emissions.
The relationships between increase of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene over the workweek and the airborne concentrations of benzo(a)pyrene and coal tar pitch volatiles (CTPVs) were studied among groups of workers in a vertical-stud Söderberg potroom of an aluminum smelter. There was a strong correlation between the natural logarithm of the pyrene concentration and the natural logarithm of the total polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAHs) concentration in personal air samples (r = 0.94). 1-Hydroxypyrene as the major metabolite of pyrene, a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon, was used as a marker for exposure to PAHs. A strong positive correlation was found between the natural logarithm of increase of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and the natural logarithm of the estimated airborne PAH exposure (R2 = 0.84 with CTPV) when the use of facial protective clothing was taken into account. The relationship between increase of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and PAHs differed for workers who used facial protective clothing under their respirators compared to those who did not. A contradictory fact was found: the use of facial protection seemed to lead to an elevated increase of 1-hydroxypyrene over the workweek. The regression model for the relationship between increase of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene over the workweek and airborne CTPV was: LN(change in 1-hydroxypyrene) = -4.7 + 1.2 LN(CTPV) -0.44 LN(CTPV)*(use of facial protection) + 3.5 (use of facial protection).
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous contaminants. Human exposure occurs through diet, smoking, and polluted air. In some groups of workers exposed to PAHs, epidemiological studies have revealed an increased mortality risk for neoplasms. This paper reviews the principal methods that have been developed recently for the detection of PAH adducts to white blood cell DNA and blood proteins (hemoglobin, albumin) and summarizes observations made on occupationally exposed subjects.
Molecular dosimetry for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, genetic predisposition to cancer, and their interrelationships are under study in numerous laboratories. This report describes a modified 32P-postlabeling assay for the detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts that uses immunoaffinity chromatography to enhance chemical specificity and quantitative reliability. The assay incorporates internal standards to determine direct molar ratios of adducts to unmodified nucleotides and to assess T4 polynucleotide kinase labeling efficiency. High performance liquid chromatography is used to assure adequacy of DNA enzymatic digestion. The assay was validated using radiolabeled benzo(a)pyrene-diol-epoxide modified DNA (r = 0.76, P < 0.05) thereby assessing all variables from enzymatic digestion to detection. Thirty-eight human lung samples were examined and adducts were detected in seven. A subset of samples also was examined for benzo(a)pyrene-diol-epoxide-DNA adducts by immunoaffinity chromatography, high performance liquid chromatography, and synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy. A high correlation between the two assays was found (P = 0.006). The lung samples were then analyzed by the polymerase chain reaction for the presence of mutations in the cytochrome P-450 (CYP) 1A1 and glutathione S-transferase mu (GST mu) genes. A positive association was identified for adduct levels and GST mu null genotypes (P = 0.038). No correlation was found between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-adduct levels and CYP1A1 exon 7 mutations. Age, race, and serum cotinine were not related to adduct levels. Multivariate analysis indicated that only the GST mu genotype was associated with polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct levels. This work demonstrates that the 32P-postlabeling assay can be modified for chemically specific adduct detection and that it can be used in the assessment of potentially important genetic factors for cancer risk. The absence of a functional GST mu gene in humans is likely one such factor.
Wildland (forest) firefighters are exposed to a wide range of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in forest fire smoke. PAH undergo metabolic activation and can subsequently bind to DNA. In this study, we investigated the association between occupational and dietary PAH exposures and the formation of WBC PAH-DNA adducts in a population of wildland firefighters. An enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay using an antiserum elicited against benzo(a)pyrene-modified DNA was used to measure PAH-DNA adducts in WBC obtained from 47 California firefighters at two time points, early and late in the 1988 forest fire season. PAH-DNA adduct levels were not associated with cumulative hours of recent firefighting activity. However, firefighters who consumed charbroiled food within the previous week had elevated PAH-DNA adduct levels, which were related to frequency of charbroiled food intake. These findings suggest that dietary sources of PAH contribute to PAH-DNA adduct levels in peripheral WBC and should be evaluated when using this assay to assess occupational and environmental PAH exposure.
A competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), the most frequently used immunoassay for the determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human tissues, has been modified to achieve approximately a 6-fold increase in sensitivity. The new assay, a competitive dissociation-enhanced lanthanide fluoroimmunoassay (DELFIA) has utilized the same rabbit antiserum as the ELISA, antiserum elicited against DNA modified with benzo[a]pyrene. However, the alkaline phosphatase conjugate has been replaced with a biotin-europium-labeled streptavidin signal amplification system, and the release of europium into the solution forms a highly fluorescent chelate complex that is measured by time-resolved fluorometry. The DELFIA has achieved a 5- to 6-fold increase in sensitivity for measurement of DNA samples modified in vitro with benzo[a]pyrene, for cultured cells exposed to radiolabeled benzo[a]pyrene, and for human samples from occupationally exposed workers. The assay has been validated by comparison of adduct levels determined by DELFIA, ELISA, and radioactivity in DNA from mouse keratinocytes exposed to radiolabeled benzo[a]pyrene. Human lymphocyte DNA samples from 104 Hungarian aluminum plant workers were assayed by ELISA and compared to blood cell DNA samples from 69 Italian coke oven workers assayed by DELFIA. The standard curves demonstrated that the limit of detection of 4.0 adducts in 10(8) nucleotides for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts by ELISA, using 35 micrograms of DNA/microtiter plate well, has been decreased to 1.3 adducts in 10(8) nucleotides by DELFIA, using 20 micrograms of DNA/microtiter well. If 35 micrograms of DNA were used in the DELFIA, the calculated detection limit would be 0.7 adducts in 10(8) nucleotides.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Antibodies specific for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts have previously been reported in human sera. In this study, we examined the association between mixed PAH exposure and PAH-DNA adduct specific antibodies in BALB/c mice. Mice were treated either by i.p. injection or by intragastric (i.g.) intubation with a mixture of seven different PAHs [benzo(a)pyrene (BP), benz(a)anthracene (BA), fluoranthene (FA), dibenz(a,h)anthracene (DBA), 3-methyl-cholanthrene (MC), chrysene (Ch), benzo(b)fluoranthene (BF)] at three doses (0, 15, 150 micrograms of each PAH) twice a week for 8 weeks. Sera were screened by direct ELISA for antibodies recognizing DNA modified by diolepoxides or epoxides of each PAH injected. In i.p. treated mice, the sera were slightly more reactive to DNAs modified with diolepoxides of BP, BA, or Ch or an epoxide of DBA than to unmodified DNA. In i.g. treated mice, the sera were more reactive to DNAs modified with diolepoxides of BA or BF than to unmodified DNA. For some PAHs, a dose-response effect was observed between sera reactivity to PAH metabolites and the dose of PAH administered. However, there was considerable variation in the immune responses among individual mice within each treatment group. When tested by competitive ELISA, none of the sera could discriminate between modified and unmodified DNA. This animal study suggests that an assessment of previous carcinogen exposure by measuring DNA adduct-specific antibodies requires further validation prior to its application to the human monitoring of carcinogen exposure.
Ten creosote-exposed workers of a wood impregnation plant participated in this study, which took place in two consecutive weeks on a Monday, after a weekend off. On one of the two days each worker wore Tyvek coveralls underneath his normal workclothes. Dermal contamination measurements (pyrene on exposure pads) and biological monitoring (urinary 1-OH-pyrene) were performed to measure the reduction of both the skin contamination and the internal dose. The total pyrene skin contamination of workers not wearing coveralls ranged between 47 and 1510 micrograms.d-1 (0.2-7.5 mumol.d-1). On the average, the coveralls reduced the pyrene contamination on the workers' skin by about 35 (SD 63)%. The excreted amount of 1-OH-pyrene in urine decreased significantly from 6.6 to 3.2 micrograms (30.2 to 14.7 nmol). Multiple regression analysis showed that skin contamination by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons is the main determinant of the internal exposure dose of creosote workers.
In order to evaluate the correlation between peripheral blood leukocyte DNA adducts as an indicator of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and the airborne contamination of PAH at the work places, a survey of a cohort of coke-oven workers has been carried out. In each workplace, total and specific PAH airborne concentrations were measured. Among the job title groups, the highest proportion of subjects with levels of adducts above the detection limit and the highest mean value were observed in the door-operators. The correlation between median values of environmental benzo(a)pyrene concentration and mean values of adducts concentration support the fact that the maintenance workers group has a higher relative risk (RR) to have detectable level of PAH-adducts, which is estimated to be 1.84 for an increase of 1 micrograms/m3 of benzo(a)pyrene.
In an ongoing comprehensive evaluation of biological markers, workers in or near an iron foundry with varying exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) were analyzed for molecular response to this exposure. Exposure to benzo(a)pyrene, determined by personal monitors worn by the workers (2 to 60 ng/m3), was considerably lower than in a previous study at this foundry (< 50 to 200 ng/m3) (F.P. Perera et al., Cancer Res., 48: 2288-2291, 1988). Two biomarkers, 1-hydroxypyrene in urine measured by high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection (a measure of internal dose) and PAH-DNA adducts in WBC measured by immunoassay (a measure of biologically effective dose) were assessed to demonstrate their relationship to the lowest exposures yet analyzed in foundry workers. In addition, these markers were analyzed for dose response and interindividual variability. Cigarette smoking, but not age or charbroiled food, influenced the level of 1-hydroxypyrene but not PAH-DNA adducts. When workers were classified into three exposure categories (low, medium, and high), mean 1-hydroxypyrene levels were 2.7, 1.8, and 3.6 mumol/mol creatinine, respectively. Comparisons by analysis of variance showed a significant difference between the groups after controlling for smoking (P = 0.02), but a trend test using multivariate linear regression analysis was not significant (r = 0.27; P = 0.07). Substantial interindividual variation was demonstrated by the 19- to 20-fold range in the values within each of the three exposure groups.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
A high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC)/fluorescence method for quantitative analysis of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine was developed. The method validation analysis showed the method to be in analytical control. No significant systematical errors could be demonstrated. The entire run time of chromatography was 10 min using isocratic elution (acetonitrile-water, 70:30), and the retention time for 1-hydroxypyrene was 3.5 min. The short run time in combination with the low limit detection (1.37 nmol/L) makes the method potentially applicable for surveillance of pyrene exposure in work environments. The developed method is presently used for measurement of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine samples from workers exposed to a low airborne level of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, generally less than 25 micrograms/m3. The urine samples of exposed workers (n = 122) showed a range of 1-hydroxypyrene from the limit of detection (LD) up to 39 nmol/L, whereas unexposed control individuals (n = 108) showed a range from LD to 3.3 nmol/L.
Mutations were evaluated in workers in an iron foundry with exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), measured by personal and area monitoring, ranging from < 5 to 60 ng/m3 of benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P). Mutation at the hypoxanthine guanine phosphoribosyl transferase (HPRT) and glycophorin A (GPA) loci (measures of molecular effect in lymphocytes and erythrocytes respectively) were assessed to demonstrate their relationship to external exposure at lower levels than previously analyzed in foundry workers at this plant (< 50-200 ng/m3). The relationship between mutations and PAH-DNA adducts measured by immunoassay (as a measure of the biologically effective dose) was also investigated. The markers were analyzed for dose-response and interindividual variability. Workers were classified into three exposure categories (low, medium and high). PAH-DNA adduct values for the low, medium and high exposure groups were 5.19, 6.10 and 9.57 x 10(-8) nucleotides respectively (r = 0.28; P = 0.08). HPRT mutant frequencies (adjusted for age and cloning efficiency) for the low, medium and high exposure groups were 1.04, 1.13 and 1.82 x 10(-6) cells respectively and demonstrated an upward trend with increasing exposure that was of borderline significance (r = 0.46, P = 0.06). In contrast, HPRT mutations were highly correlated with PAH-DNA adducts (r = 0.67; P = 0.004). Interindividual variability in mutant frequencies ranged from 1.5- to 4.5-fold within the three exposure categories. With respect to GPA variants, NN frequency (Vf) in erythrocytes (which reflects chromosomal loss and duplication, recombination or gene conversion) was not positively correlated with PAH exposure. The level of N0 Vf (arising from small-scale structural mutations in the GPA gene or from larger-scale chromosomal rearrangements or deletions) increased slightly, but not significantly, over the three exposure groups from 8.2 to 10.7 to 11.8/10(6) cells (P = 0.32). Interindividual variation in GPA NN Vf ranged from 2- to 18-fold and in GPA N0 from 4- to 5-fold. NN and N0 Vf were highly correlated (P = 0.001) but no correlation was seen between GPA and HPRT or between GPA and PAH-DNA adducts. Thus, the most interesting and novel finding is that, even at relatively low exposures to PAH, HPRT mutations were increased in parallel with PAH-DNA adducts. The observed association between PAH-DNA adducts and HPRT gene mutation in humans is consistent with experimental data for PAHs. These results support the use of both biomonitoring and personal ambient monitoring in further molecular epidemiology studies.
Human placenta, umbilical cord blood, maternal blood and breast milk samples from mothers were analysed for the presence of selected polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). Benzo(a) pyrene (B(a)P), dibenzo(a,c)anthracene (DBA) and chrysene (Chy) were detected in all the four types of sample. Levels of dibenzo(a,c)anthracene were higher in the above samples compared with the other two PAHs. Umbilical cord blood and breast milk samples showed relatively high concentrations of all the three PAHs and thus demonstrated that the developing foetus/new born were exposed to these carcinogenic environmental contaminants. The possible implications of PAHs in relation to human health are discussed.
OBJECTIVE: The aim was to assess the significance of two biomarkers; antibody to benzo(a)pyrene DNA adducts and concentration of hydroxyethylvaline haemoglobin adducts in samples from a well studied group of coke oven workers. As a measure of exposure we have used 1-hydroxypyrene in urine. METHODS: Urine and blood samples were collected from coke oven workers and a control group. Samples from coke oven plant workers were collected in January and June. 1-Hydroxypyrene was measured in urine by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC), antibodies to benzo(a)pyrene DNA adducts were measured by ELISA and hydroxyethylvaline haemoglobin adducts were measured by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). RESULTS: Mean urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in samples from coke oven workers varied from 1.11 to 5.53 umol/mol creatinine and 0.14 umol/mol creatinine in the control group. Workers at the top side had the highest values of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene. Antibody to benzo(a)pyrene DNA adducts did not correlate with either 1-hydroxypyrene nor length of work at the coke oven plant. But antibody concentration in samples collected in January was predictive of the concentration in samples collected in June. A small non-significant increase in hydroxyethylvaline haemoglobin adducts was found in samples from coke oven workers relative to the control group when comparing smokers and nonsmokers separately. CONCLUSION: 1-Hydroxypyrene correlates well with exposure groups based on job description. Antibodies to benzo(a)-pyrene DNA adducts was related to people and not exposure. Work at a coke oven plant might lead to increased hydroxyethylvaline haemoglobin adducts. 
Five polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P), benzo[b]fluoranthene (B[b]F), dibenz[a,h]anthracene (DBA), 5-methylchyrsene (5MC), and cyclopenta[cd]pyrene (CPP) were examined for their lung tumorigenic activities in strain A/J mice, their ability to form PAH-DNA adducts in lung tissues, and their ability to mutate the Ki-ras oncogene in PAH-induced tumors. PAHs dissolved in tricapyrlin were administered by single intraperitoneal injection to male strain A/J mice (20 mice/dose) at doses up to 200 mg/kg depending on the PAH. Animals were sacrificed 8 months later and the lungs removed, fixed, and surface adenomas enumerated. DBA produced maximal tumor multiplicity at the highest dose, 10 mg/kg, giving 32.2 lung adenomas per mouse. At 100 mg/kg, B[a]P, B[b]F, 5MC, and CPP gave 12.8, 5.3, 93.1, and 32.2 lung adenomas per mouse, respectively. The dose response data for each PAH was fit to y = 0.6 + bx1.6, where y is the observed mean lung adenomas per mouse at dose x (in mg/kg), 0.6 is the observed background of lung adenomas per mouse, and b is the fitted constant representing the potency of each PAH. Statistical analysis indicated that the fit of the data to the equation was extremely high with adjusted R2 values > 0.985 and small fit standard errors. Based on this equation, the relative potencies of B[b]F, DBA, 5MC, and CPP compared to B[a]P were PAH (relative activity): DBA (118); 5MC (8.8); CPP (2.9); B[a]P (1.0); B[b]F (0.43). DNA adducts were measured by 32P-postlabeling techniques on DNA from lungs of mice treated with these PAHs. Adducts identified by cochromatography with standards were: from B[a]P, 7R,8S,9S-trihydroxy-10R-(N2-2'-deoxyguanosyl)-7,8,9,10-tetrahydro- B[a]P, and two adducts resulting from the metabolic activation of 9-hydroxy-B[a]P and trans-7,8-dihydroxy-7,8-dihydro-B[a]P; from B[b]F, 5-hydroxy-B[b]F-9,10-diol-11,12-oxide-2'-deoxyguanosine; from DBA, three adducts from the metabolic activation of trans,trans-3,4,10,11-tetrahydroxy-3,4,10,11-tetrahydro-DBA and two anti-DBA-3,4-diol-1,2-oxide-N2-[2'-deoxyguanosine] adducts; from 5MC, 1R,2S,3S-trihydroxy-4-(N2-2'-deoxyguanosyl)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro- 5MC; from CPP, four CPP-3,4-oxide-2'-deoxyguanosine adducts. Ki-ras codon 12 mutation analysis of PAH-induced tumors was performed using PCR and dideoxy sequencing methods. Mutations from lung tumors from tricaprylin-treated mice were GGT-->GAT, GGT-->CGT, and GGT-->GTT. DBA produced no mutations in Ki-ras codon 12 above spontaneous levels. High proportions (> or = 50%) of GGT-->TGT mutations from B[a]P, B[b]F and 5MC induced tumors and GGT-->CGT mutations from CPP tumors were observed and were statistically significant compared to mutations in tricaprylin control tumors. We conclude from the DNA adduct and Ki-ras mutation studies that bay region diol-epoxide-2'-deoxyguanosine PAH-DNA adducts are associated with the GGT-->TGT mutations, and cyclopenta-ring oxide-2'-deoxyguanosine adducts associated with the GGT-->CGT mutations.
Markers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (urinary 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide) and aromatic amines (4-aminobiphenyl-hemoglobin adducts), as well as urinary mutagenicity, were measured in 47 healthy smokers and 50 nonsmokers. DNA adducts were determined by P32-postlabeling in the exfoliated bladder cells of 39 healthy subjects. Both 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide (1-OHPG) and 4-aminobiphenyl adducts (4-ABP-Hb) were associated with smoking habits, but only 4-ABP-Hb adducts were associated with consumption of black, air-cured tobacco. The levels of 2 DNA adducts (numbers 2 and 4) in urothelial cells were clearly associated with 4-ABP-Hb adducts, in all subjects and in smokers. Levels of one of these DNA adducts (number 2) were also associated with 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide in urines, but in smokers the association was not statistically significant. Overall, these observations constitute further evidence of a role of arylamines in tobacco-induced bladder cancer.
The present study describes a simple method of analyzing metabolites of pyrene in urine. This method is capable of detecting the glucuronic acid and sulfate conjugates of pyrene as well as free 1-hydroxypyrene in a single analysis. In comparison to other analytical methods for detecting pyrene metabolites, this new method does not require an overnight enzymatic hydrolysis step and is much more rapid method of analysis. The newly developed procedure involves solid phase extraction of pyrene metabolites followed by separation using HPLC with a phenyl modified reverse phase column and an acidic buffer and acetonitrile gradient elution system. Metabolites were detected using a fluorescence detector with wavelength conditions optimized for each metabolite. This method resulted in baseline separation of the glucuronic acid (1-OH P-GlcUA) and sulfate conjugate (1-OH P-Sul) of 1-hydroxypyrene and free 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH P). The potential of this method for use in monitoring human exposure to mixtures of PAHs was evaluated by analyzing urine obtained from five individuals working in a coal gasification plant. 1-OH P-GlcUA was detected as the major metabolite in the urine of all the five workers. This metabolite accounted for 80-100% of the total pyrene metabolites excreted in urine. 1-OH P-GlcUA levels ranged from 0.31-0.94 microgram/g creatinine. Low levels of the sulfate conjugate (0.002-0.06 microgram/g creatinine) were detected in four of the samples while free 1-hydroxypyrene (0.07-0.2 microgram/g creatinine) was detected in two of the five urine samples. Urine from occupationally exposed workers was also analyzed for 1-hydroxypyrene following enzymatic hydrolysis using the standard approach. Levels of 1-hydroxypyrene ranged from 0.51-1.17 micrograms/g creatinine. Comparison of the fluorescence intensities of 1-OH P-GlcUA and 1-OH P-Sul to 1-hydroxypyrene demonstrated that the glucuronide conjugate is 3-fold more fluorescent and the sulfate conjugate is 4-fold more fluorescent than 1-hydroxypyrene. These results indicate that conjugates of pyrene, specifically, 1-OH P-GlcUA can potentially be used as a more sensitive biomarker of exposure to PAHs.
The lung cancer mortality rate in Xuan Wei (XW) county, China, is 5-fold the national average of China; the rate for women is the highest in China. Xuan Wei residents have been exposed to unvented coal or wood smoke during cooking or heating in homes. This study investigated indoor air exposure and dosimetry of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in XW residents using smoky coal. Indoor air particles collected during cooking in four XW homes using smoky coal were analyzed for PAHs by GC/MS. Urine samples from 16 XW non-smoking women and six XW smoking men, eight Kunming non-smoking controls and four non-smoking Chinese American controls were analyzed for PAHs and hydroxy-PAHs by GC/MS. The results showed that XW residents were exposed to PAHs at occupational levels. The potent carcinogen, dibenzo[a,l] pyrene (4.9 +/- 1.3 micrograms/m3) was found in the indoor air of the XW homes. The levels of urinary hydroxy-PAH were higher than those of the parent compounds in most subjects, indicating that most PAHs were metabolized. In urine, the mean levels of 9-hydroxy BaP (BaP) and BaP are 1.5 +/- 0.5 mumol/mol creatinine and 0.5 +/- 0.3 microns/mol for XW men, 1.9 +/- 0.9 microns/mol and 0.5 +/- 0.3 microns/mol for XW women. In general, the levels of PAH metabolites in urine were higher in the XW residents than in Kunming and Chinese American controls; however only the concentrations of 9-hydroxy BaP in XW women showed statistically significant difference from the Kunming controls (P < 0.05 by ranking test). The mean levels of 3 methylated-PAHs analyzed were 4.8-fold higher than that of the parent PAHs in XW subjects. This is consistent with previous findings that alkylated PAHs are the major mutagens in the XW indoor air and may be etiologically important in XW lung cancer.
Human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) has been determined by measurement of DNA adducts in human tissues. Competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (ELISAs) using antisera recognizing benzo[a]pyrenediol-epoxide-modified DNA (BPDE-I-DNA) and color of fluorescence endpoint detection have been used extensively for quantifying PAH-DNA adducts. The fluorescence ELISA (limit of detection 1 adduct/10(8) nucleotides) was previously reported to be more sensitive than the color ELISA (1/10(7)) for measuring PAH adducts (Santella et al. (1988) Carcinogenesis, 9, 1265-1269). However, the fluorescence assay has the disadvantages of greater variation among the replicates and higher background levels than the color assay. Using a newly developed antiserum against BPDE-I-DNA, we have modified the color of ELISA so that it has the same sensitivity as the fluorescence ELISA and requires only 33% of the sample quantity needed for the fluorescence ELISA. The modifications included preincubation of the antiserum with the samples, using microtiter plates with half-size, flat bottom wells, and optimizing the assay conditions. The improved color ELISA was used to analyze DNA samples from human autopsy tissues, including heart, lung, liver, kidney, spleen, pancreas and stomach from smokers and nonsmokers. With the exception of spleen and stomach, all tissues from smokers showed higher PAH-DNA adducts (ranging from 0.3 to 19.0 adducts/10(7) nucleotides) than the tissues from the nonsmokers (0.3 to 3.7 adducts/10(7) nucleotides) in two separate experiments. Among the tissues from smokers, heart showed the highest level of DNA adducts. This study demonstrates that a stable color ELISA with high sensitivity can be useful in assessing human exposure to PAH.
In the electrofluorescence method, a solution of DNA with covalently bound polycyclic hydrocarbons is placed in an electric field, and changes in the intensity of polarized fluorescence are observed. Under the correct conditions, these charges can be used to determine a value for the angle psi between the long axis of the hydrocarbon molecule and the axis of the DNA helix. For DNA or poly(dA-dT) treated with each stereoisomer of anti-benzo[c]phenanthrene diolepoxide, psi ranged from 55 degrees to 61 degrees, consistent with a mixture of quasi-intercalated adenine adducts and externally bound guanine adducts. Similar results were obtained with another set of 'fjord-region' diolepoxides, derived from benzo[c]chrysene. Adducts in DNA treated with diolepoxides derived from chrysene, 5-methylchrysene or 6-methylchrysene gave psi of about 53 degrees, so the predominant adducts are externally bound, probably in the minor groove of DNA.
Diesel exhaust-exposed workers have been shown to have an increased risk of lung cancer. A battery of biomarkers were evaluated for their ability to assess differences in exposure to genotoxic compounds in bus garage workers and mechanics and controls. Lymphocyte DNA adducts were analyzed using the 32P-postlabelling method with butanol and P1 enrichment procedures. Hydroxyethylvaline (HOEtVal) adducts in hemoglobin were measured by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) and 1-hydroxypyrene (HPU) in urine determined using HPLC analysis. The exposed workers had significantly higher levels of all three biomarkers compared to the controls. Total DNA adduct levels were 0.84 fmol/micrograms DNA vs 0.26 in controls (butanol) and 0.65 fmol/micrograms DNA vs. 0.08 (P1 nuclease). Median HOEtVal adduct level in exposed workers was 33.3 pmol/g hemoglobin vs. 22.1 in controls. HOEtVal adducts correlated with HPU but not with DNA adducts. The levels of HPU in urine were 0.11 micromol/mol creatinine compared to 0.05 in controls. All three assays applied were sensitive enough to evaluate a low level of exposure to environmental pollutants, with postlabelling and GC-MS as the most sensitive assays. The study indicated that skin absorption of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) might be an important factor to consider when studying PAH exposure from air pollution sources.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts were studied in human lung from 39 lung cancer patients by synchronous fluorescence spectrophotometric (SFS) and 32P-postlabeling assays. Regression analysis of the samples failed to detect any correlation between benzo[a]pyrene-diolepoxide (BPDE)-DNA adducts detected by SFS and the BPDE co-migrating spot detected by 32P-postlabeling. We have also analyzed the relationship between adduct levels and TP53 mutations. By postlabeling diagonal radioactive zone (DRZ) adducts were detected in 37 of 39 (95%) lung tissues from lung cancer patients and the adduct level ranged from 6.81 to 108.50 adducts/10(8) nucleotide. Thirty-three of 39 (85%) had detectable levels of BPDE-DNA adducts (> 1 adduct/10(9) nucleotide). Current heavy smokers (> 20 cigarettes/day) have significantly higher DRZ adduct levels compared to individuals smoking less than 20 cigarettes/day. By SFS combined with immunoaffinity column (IAC), 11 of 39 (28%) samples had detectable adduct levels, and 6 of 11 (55%) were detectable by SFS following purification of benzo[a]pyrene (BP)-tetrols by high pressure liquid chromatography (HPLC). Six of 33 (18%) samples were positive for BPDE-DNA adducts by both postlabeling and HPLC/SFS. No correlation was observed between the SFS and 32P-postlabeling assays for the detection of BPDE-DNA adducts. However, there was a good correlation between adduct levels detected by IAC/SFS and HPLC/SFS. We found a weak association between total PAH-DNA adduct levels in lung tissue and TP53 mutations.
Workers in plants producing carbon anodes for aluminium electrolysis are exposed to PAHs containing coal tar pitch volatiles, pitch and coke. The aim of this study was to evaluate the suitability of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene to characterize respiratory exposure to PAH, which is most relevant for assessing individual health risks. Six workers in a carbon anode plant volunteered to take part in a personal air sampling and a biological monitoring programme lasting five consecutive 8-h shifts to determine occupational exposure to airborne PAHs and urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene. Exposure to total PAH for all worksites varied from 3.99 to 120.6 micrograms PAH m-3 and for benzo(a)pyrene (BaP) from 0.17 to 4.88 micrograms BaP m-3. The concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene in post- and pre-shift urine samples was in the range (0.5- 61.8 mumol 1-OHP per mol creatinine) and depended on the worksite. The Spearman rank correlation test showed a low but significant (P<0.005) correlation of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in the post-and pre-shift samples with respiratory pyrene exposure. The quantitative aspects of biological monitoring for the evaluation of respiratory PAH exposure were tested with a pharmacokinetic model. On the basis of individual pyrene exposure, excretion of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene during the working week was calculated for each worker. The results presented in this investigation indicate that biological monitoring of the pyrene metabolite 1-hydroxypyrene is a useful indicator of a general PAH exposure, but cannot replace personal air sampling for assessing the lung cancer risk of individuals.
Consumption of fossil fuels has increased indoor and outdoor concentrations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and nitrogen dioxide (NO2). To study the combined effect of PAH administration and NO2 exposure on mutagenicity of urine from animals we injected 400 mg/kg body wt i.p. one of five kinds of PAH (pyrene, fluoranthene, fluorene, anthracene and chrysene) into ICR mice, Wistar rats, Syrian golden hamsters or Hartley guinea pigs after exposure to 20 p.p.m. NO2 gas for 24 h and then exposed the animals to NO2 gas for an additional 24 h. During the latter 24 h we collected the urine and assayed its mutagenicity with the Ames Salmonella strains after treatment with beta-glucuronidase and arylsulfatase and extraction with dichloromethane. The urine from mice treated with both PAH and NO2 showed high mutagenicity for Salmonella typhimurium strains TA98 and TA100, whereas the urine from mice treated with PAH and air showed almost no mutagenic activity. The mutagenicity was decreased in nitroreductase- and acetyltransferase-deficient strains TA98NR and TA98/1,8-DNP6 respectively. Treatment with a mixture of 20% of each of the five kinds of PAH and NO2 augmented the urinary mutagenicity of mice 1.5-fold. The urine from hamsters treated with pyrene or fluoranthene and NO2 was also highly mutagenic, but that from rats or guinea pigs was not very mutagenic. The mutagenicity was also decreased in strains TA98NR and TA98/1,8-DNP6. These results suggest that the urine contains nitro compounds and that the nitration of PAHs occurs in the body of animals under exposure to NO2 gas. Actually, the nitrated metabolites of pyrene, 1-nitro-6/8-hydroxypyrene and 1-nitro-3-hydroxypyrene, were detected in the urine from mice treated with pyrene under exposure to NO2 gas. To elucidate the mechanism of in vivo nitration, NO2 (20 p.p.m.) was bubbled through 50 mM Tris-HCl buffer (pH 7.4) or dichloromethane solution containing pyrene or 1-hydroxypyrene (10 microg/ml). Pyrene was not nitrated by NO2 in either aqueous or organic solutions. However, 1-hydroxypyrene was changed to nitrohydroxypyrenes by NO2 in the Tris-HCl buffer, but not in the organic solution. Ascorbic acid, alpha-tocopherol, glutathione oleic acid and hemoglobin were found to inhibit the nitration of 1-hydroxypyrene in aqueous solution. The urinary mutagenicity of mice treated with both pyrene and NO2 was also decreased by oral administration of ascorbic acid and alpha-tocopherol. These results suggest that 1-hydroxypyrene is nitrated by an ionic reaction in the animal body after hydroxylation of pyrene in the liver.
We determined the urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP) concentration and the creatinine-adjusted 1-HP concentration in 644 randomly selected Dutch children, aged 1-6 years and living in five areas with roughly different levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in soil and ambient air. The presence of other factors that might influence the exposure to PAHs was studied using a questionnaire. To evaluate the reliability of a single urinary 1-HP determination, measurements were repeated after 3 weeks for approximately 200 children. The mean urinary 1-HP content of the total study population was 2.06 nmol/l. This varied from 1.58 nmol/l in the reference area (Flevoland) to 2.71 nmol/l in the valley of the Geul. Only indoor sources of PAHs showed a small, positive association with urinary 1-HP. The urinary 1-HP concentrations of children from the valley of the Geul were higher (p < 0.01) and those of children from a suburb of Amsterdam were lower (p < 0.01) than those of children from the reference area. The possible ambient environment-related differences were probably too small to be detected in the variations of the intake of PAHs from the daily diet. The reliability of a single 1-HP measurement was low. Similar results were obtained with the creatinine-adjusted data. In one neighborhood built on coal-mine tailings, the urinary 1-HP content in children was weakly but positively associated with the PAH content in the upper soil layer of the garden of their homes. However, this association was not found for the children from the other neighborhood built on coal-mine tailings and with similar PAH levels in soil.
The exposure of Estonian cokery workers to polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons at an oil shale processing plant was assessed by occupational hygiene and biomonitoring measurements. To assess the external dose of exposure to polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons, pyrene and benzo[a]pyrene concentrations were measured from the breathing zone of workers during a workshift. Skin contamination with pyrene and benzo[a]pyrene was assessed by skin wipe sampling. As a biomarker of exposure to polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons and as an integral of all possible absorption routes of pyrene, 1-hydroxypyrene concentration was measured from post-shift urine samples. Eighteen percent of the personal air samples exceeded the Finnish threshold limit value of benzol[a]pyrene (10 micrograms/m3). Mean values for benzo[a]pyrene and pyrene were 5.7 micrograms/m3 and 8.1 micrograms/m3, respectively. Based on skin wipe sample analyses, the skin contamination was also obvious. The mean value of benzo[a]pyrene on the samples collected after the shift was 1.2 ng/cm2. In control samples, benzo[a]pyrene was not found. The mean value of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration was 6.0 nmol/mmol creatinine for the exposed workers and 0.5 nmol/mmol creatinine for the controls. This study showed the usefulness of 1-hydroxypyrene as an indicator of internal dose of polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons. We concluded that the cokery workers at the Kohtla-Järve plant are exposed to high concentrations of polynuclear aromatic compounds.
Quantification of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) usually requires preconcentration and cleanup prior to analysis. These procedures often involve using large amounts of toxic organic solvents. The sample preparation from serum is even more complex because of the coextraction of lipids and other nonpolar serum components. We describe the unprecedented use of cloud-point extraction to preconcentrate, extract, and clean up PAHs and PCDDs from human serum using the nonionic surfactant Triton X-100. The samples were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography with ultraviolet detection. The phase separation was induced by the addition of salt to the micellar serum solutions. The surfactant-rich phase was treated with acetonitrile and water to precipitate and remove some of the unwanted substances in the serum sample extract without significantly affecting the recoveries of the analytes. The favorable characteristics of cloud-point extraction discussed here strengthen its potential use as an alternative to other techniques of separation.
Polycyclic aromatic compounds such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons or aromatic amines presently are considerably underestimated with regard to the formation of environmentally caused cancer diseases. The individual urinary metabolite profile raising from the PAH inhaled is invariant. This holds for tar-pitch aerosol exposed Wistar rats as well as for PAH-exposed workers. Significant individual differences of the urinary metabolite profile can be observed in different individuals. The differences reflect the different individual enzyme equipment. There is an individual correlation between the PAH-masses inhaled and the masses of their metabolites excreted in the urine; e.g. the excretion of phenanthrene varies from 5% to 20% for different coke workers. The PAH metabolite profile analysis appears to be a suitable tool to estimate the individual cancer.risk at PAH-exposed working places since the PAH-induced malign transformation is caused by specific PAH metabolites.
Exposure to PAH in foundry workers has been studied by urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (HPU) levels, quantitatively measured by reversed phase HPLC. Seventy male foundry workers and 68 matched controls were investigated. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure was defined by 17 breathing zone hygienic samples, consisting of 16 selected PAH compounds. Mean total PAH concentration (SD) was 10.40 (4.04) mu g/m3. A multiple regression model of tobacco consumption, age, airborne PAH-exposure and foundry work on log HPU showed a significant correlation, p < 0.001, r2 = 0.69. Only foundry work (p < 0.0001) and airborne PAH exposure (p = 0.0478) contributed significantly to the model. These data suggest that HPU is a sensitive biomarker for low-dose PAH exposure.
Lung cancer caused by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), nitro-PAHs and related environmental agents is a major problem in industrialized nations. The high case-fatality rate of the disease, even with the best supportive treatment, underscores the importance of primary lung cancer prevention. Development of biomarkers of exposure and effects to PAHs and related compounds is now underway and includes measurement of urinary metabolites of specific PAHs as well as detection of protein and DNA adducts as indicators of effective dose. Validation of these markers in terms of total environmental dose requires that concurrent measures of air levels and potential dermal exposure be made. In addition, the interrelationships between PAH biomarkers must be determined, particularly when levels of the marker in surrogate molecules (e.g., protein) or markers from surrogate tissues (e.g., lymphocyte DNA) are used to assess the risk to the target organ, the lung. Two approaches to biomarker studies will be reviewed in this article: the progress made using blood lymphocytes as surrogates for lung tissues and the progress made developing noninvasive markers of carcinogen-DNA adduct levels in lung-derived cells available in bronchial-alveolar lavage and in sputum. Data are presented from studies in which exfoliated urothelial cells were used as a surrogate tissue to assess exposure to human urinary bladder carcinogens in occupational groups.
Humans are exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) from various occupational, environmental, medicinal, and dietary sources. PAH metabolites in human urine can be used as biomarkers of internal dose to assess recent exposure to PAHs. PAH metabolites that have been detected in human urine include 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), 1-hydroxypyrene-O-glucuronide (1-OHP-gluc), 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene, 7,8,9,10-tetrahydroxy-7,8,9, 10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene, and a number of other hydroxylated PAHs. The most widely used of these is 1-OHP-gluc, the major form of 1-OHP in human urine, by virtue of its relatively high concentration and prevalence in urine and its ease of measurement. This metabolite of pyrene can be measured as 1-OHP after deconjugation of the glucuronide with beta-glucuronidase or directly as 1-OHP-gluc without deconjugation. Elevated levels of 1-OHP or 1-OHP-gluc have been demonstrated in smokers (versus nonsmokers), in patients receiving coal tar treatment (versus pretreatment), after workshifts in road pavers (versus before shifts or versus controls), after shifts in coke oven workers (versus before shift), and in subjects ingesting charbroiled meat (versus preingestion). More importantly, this metabolite is found (at low levels) in most human urine, even in persons without apparent occupational or smoking exposure. Although measurement of these metabolites is useful in assessing recent exposure to PAHs, their value as predictive markers of biological effect or health outcomes has not been rigorously tested and at present can only be inferred by association.
An environmental and medical survey was conducted at the coal-handling area of a coke oven, where workers came in contact with coal-tar sludge. The purpose of the study was to determine if skin contact with coal-tar sludge was an important route of exposure to pyrene because workers were observed to have substantial contact with the sludge. Environmental monitoring revealed minimal airborne exposure to pyrene, a byproduct of the coke distillation process; only one personal breathing zone sample detected pyrene, and at least of 0.001 mg/m3. However, the mean preshift urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration was 1.00 mumol/mol creatinine (range, 0.16 to 2.96 mumol/mol creatinine) and the mean postshift level was 1.7 mumol/mol creatinine (range, 0.24 to 4.85 mumol/mol creatinine) (P < 0.01). These levels probably reflect absorption as a result of skin exposure.
OBJECTIVE: Machinists have an increased risk of lung cancer and bladder cancer, and this may be caused by exposure to carcinogenic compounds such as asbestos and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in the engine room. The aim of this study was to investigate the exposure of engine room personnel to PAHs, with 1-hydroxypyrene in urine as a biomarker. METHODS: Urine samples from engine room personnel (n = 51) on 10 ships arriving in different harbours were collected, as well as urine samples from a similar number of unexposed controls (n = 47) on the same ships. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene was quantitatively measured by high performance liquid chromatography. The exposure to PAHs was estimated by a questionnaire answered by the engine room personnel. On two ships, air monitoring of PAHs in the engine room was performed at sea. Both personal monitoring and area monitoring were performed. The compounds were analysed by gas chromatography of two types (with a flame ionisation detector and with a mass spectrometer). RESULTS: Significantly more 1-hydroxypyrene was found in urine of personnel who had been working in the engine room for the past 24 hours, than in that of the unexposed seamen. The highest concentrations of 1-hydroxypyrene were found among engine room personnel who had experienced oil contamination of the skin during their work in the engine room. Stepwise logistic regression analysis showed a significant relation between the concentrations of 1-hydroxypyrene, smoking, and estimated exposure to PAHs. No PAHs were detected in the air samples. CONCLUSION: Engine room personnel who experience skin exposure to oil and oil products are exposed to PAHs during their work. This indicates that dermal uptake of PAHs is the major route of exposure. 
The concentrations of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HOPYR), and 1-, 2-, 3-, and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene (HOPHE) as metabolites of pyrene and phenanthrene, were measured in urine samples collected from 124 housewives (27 smokers and 97 non-smokers) living in Bottrop, an industrial city located in the Ruhr area in Germany. The urine samples were analyzed by a very sensitive and practical high-performance liquid chromatographic (HPLC) method using a two-column switching technique and a special precolumn packing material followed by fluorescence detection. The polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites are selectively enrichéd on the precolumn and separated from the matrix. Therefore, laborious clean-up steps were omitted. The above-mentioned PAH metabolites could be detected in all urine samples investigated. Smokers had significantly higher urine concentrations of 1-HOPYR (median 0.48 microgram/g creatinine), 3-HOPHE (median 0.61 microgram/g creatinine), 2-HOPHE (0.41 microgram/g creatinine) and 4-HOPHE (median 0.10 microgram/g creatinine) than non-smokers (median 0.15 microgram/g creatinine, 0.31 microgram/g creatinine, 0.31 microgram/g creatinine and 0.04 microgram/g creatinine, respectively). The study shows that the influence of smoking is of such an order of magnitude that potential environmental exposure to PAH in this highly industrialized area is obscured by smoking habits. Furthermore, it can be concluded that the determination of 1-HOPYR, 1-, 2-, 3-, and 4-HOPHE in urine is a diagnostically useful method for the biological monitoring of persons environmentally exposed to PAH.
To evaluate a possible immunotoxic effect of chronic exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), several immune parameters were investigated in two groups of coke-oven workers. Exposure levels were different for both groups, one group being employed in a new coking facility of sophisticated technical standard, and the other in a facility with rather high emission of PAH-containing dust, built during the late 1960s. Immunomodulating effects of exposure were found on three levels of immunity: a reduced mitogenic response of T cells to phytohaemagglutinin observed by a reduced rate of DNA synthesis and a retardation in the expression of interleukin 2 receptor; an impairment of B cell activity, observed by a reduced proliferation of B cells and a low synthesis of immunoglobulin M after Staphylococcus aureus stimulation; a reduced oxidative burst in monocytes after challenge with E. coli. The differences in numbers of lymphocytic subpopulations in peripheral blood and in immunoglobulin levels of serum were statistically insignificant. The data of the present investigations point to significant, albeit slight, changes in immune function by PAH exposure. But these changes could not yet be related to health impacts of the exposure.
Rats were treated with acetone, pyrazole, phenobarbital, 4,4'-methylenebis-(2-chloroaniline) (MOCA), 3-methylcholanthrene, creosote oil, or a mixture of polychlorinated biphenyls (Aroclor 1254) to study the inducibility and enzyme kinetics of UDP-glucuronosyltransferases towards 1-hydroxypyrene, which is a human metabolite and a urinary biomarker of exposure to pyrene. The rate of 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronidation was analyzed in rat liver microsomes by a fluorometric HPLC assay of the formed glucuronide. The apparent K(m) and Vmax values in untreated controls (K(m) = 0.27 mM; Vmax = 31 nmol/min./mg protein) did not differ markedly from those in rats treated with acetone, pyrazole or phenobarbital, whereas the significantly decreased K(m) and increased Vmax values of the rats treated with the carcinogenic chemicals, MOCA (0.11; 51), creosote (0.06; 137), 3-methylcholanthrene (0.07; 141) or the Aroclor-1254 polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) mixture (0.08; 226), implicated major changes in the hepatic expression of UDP-glucuronosyltransferases. 1-Hydroxypyrene proved to be a high affinity substrate and a sensitive marker of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolizing UDP-glucuronosyltransferase(s). Catalytically, the most efficient isoforms were induced in creosote, 3-methylcholanthrene and PCB-treated rats showing Vmax/K(m) ratios which were 22-27 times greater than in untreated controls. Our findings suggest the existence of a 3-methylcholanthrene type inducible and a functionally efficient low-K(m)/ high-Vmax form(s) of UDP-glucuronosyltransferase(s) that detoxify 1-hydroxypyrene and probably other polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons as well.
A method for the simultaneous determination of urinary phenanthrene, fluoranthene, pyrene, chrysene and benzo[a]pyrene metabolites has been developed for individual risk assessment at polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-burdened workplaces. The concentration of urinary metabolites as a measure for individual PAH exposure takes account not only of PAH masses resorbed by the respiratory tract but also those incorporated percutaneously. The method allows the determination of 25 different components with a low margin of error; the individual metabolite profiles thereby allow conclusions on the individual characteristics of PAH-oxidizing enzymes (monooxygenases). The coefficients of variation are lower than 10%. After enzymatic treatment of the urine with glucuronidase and arylsulfatase one part of the benzene or toluene extract is treated with diazomethane to convert phenols into methylethers, while another part is used to convert dihydrodiols into phenols. After further purification the metabolites are determined by means of a combination of gas chromatography and mass spectrometry. The PAH exposure of cock plant workers during several consecutive days resulted in fairly constant individual urinary metabolite profiles which, however, exhibited significant inter-individual variability. This held true also for Wistar rats exposed to tar pitch aerosol on 5 days during a period of 10 days. It was also demonstrated that in the case of coke plant workers there is a correlation between inhaled PAH and metabolites excreted. Mass relationships between inhaled PAH and metabolites excreted were found to differ from one individual to another.
Immunoperoxidase methods using two antibodies were developed for detection and quantitation of DNA damage in single cells. A monoclonal antibody that recognizes 4-aminobiphenyl (4-ABP)-DNA adducts was initially tested on liver tissues of BALB/c mice treated with 4-ABP, then applied to the detection of adducts in oral mucosa and exfoliated urothelial cells of smokers and nonsmokers. Levels of 4-ABP-DNA in exfoliated urothelial cells were elevated in each of 20 smokers (mean relative staining intensity, 517 +/- 137) compared with age-, race-, and sex-matched nonsmokers (313 +/- 79; P < 0.0005). Significantly higher damage levels were also observed in oral mucosa cells of smokers compared with nonsmokers (552 +/- 157 versus 326 +/- 101; P < 0.0005). A polyclonal antiserum that recognizes benzo(a)pyrene and structurally related polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) diol epoxide-DNA adducts was also applied to the same study samples after validation by staining of 10T1/2 cells treated with (+/-)-trans-anti-benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide. Smokers had higher levels of PAH-DNA damage in oral mucosa and exfoliated urothelial cells than nonsmokers (oral mucosa cells, 684 +/- 107 versus 370 +/- 83; P < 0.0005; urothelial cells, 689 +/- 72 versus 495 +/- 57; P < 0.0005). A similar 2-3-fold range in relative staining was found in smokers and nonsmokers for both 4-ABP- and PAH-DNA, suggesting the importance of individual differences in capacity to metabolize the carcinogens and/or repair damaged DNA. Significant correlations were found among the biomarkers in both cell types. This noninvasive method, requiring small numbers of cells and with a relatively low cost, will be useful for monitoring DNA damage in large-scale molecular epidemiology studies.
The Arctic is still relatively pristine in nature, but it is also vulnerable to pollution because contaminants originating from midlatitudes are transported to the Arctic by atmospheric processes, ocean currents, and rivers (Muir et al., 1992). Recognition of this fact of Arctic vulnerability has resulted in a Declaration on the Protection of the Arctic Environment by eight Arctic countries. A manifest aim of this declaration is to develop an Arctic Monitoring and Assessment Program. We report here on the presence of measurable levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, including relatively high levels in Arctic beluga (Delphinapterus leucas). These results lend support to the value of developing biological assessment programs for Arctic wildlife.
OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to assess external and internal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) of workers who are employed in a graphite-electrode producing plant. Additionally we wanted to contribute to the question of biological limit values in order to reduce exposure to tolerable levels. METHODS: At five different working places 12 stationary and 16 personal air measurements were carried out to determine the concentrations of phenanthrene, fluoranthene, pyrene, benz[a]anthracene, chrysene, benzo[b]fluoranthene, benzo[a]pyrene and dibenz[a, h]anthracene in air. In addition, we investigated the excretion of 1-, 2 + 9-, 3- and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene and of 1-hydroxypyrene in the urine of 67 workers by a very sensitive and practical high-performance liquid chromatographic (HPLC) method with fluorescence detection; 2- and 9-hydroxyphenanthrene could not be separated with our analytical method. RESULTS: During the production of graphite electrodes significantly higher PAH exposures were found in the baking and impregnation area than in the crushing, graphitisation and conditioning area. The results of personal air measurements (mean values of the sum of eight PAHs) are: 29.3 (baking), 23.4 (impregnation), 5.2 (crushing), 1.3 (graphitisation) and 0.4 microgram/m3 (conditioning). Stationary air measurements yielded similar concentrations. Workers employed in the baking and impregnation areas excreted the highest amount of PAH metabolites in urine. The 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations (median) were: 23.4 (baking), 22.0 (impregnation), 9.6 (crushing), 1.8 (graphitisation) and 2.3 micrograms/g creatinine (conditioning). The corresponding concentrations of the sum of monohydroxylated phenanthrene metabolites (median) were: 23.1, 36.0, 10.4, 4.6 and 7.6 micrograms/g creatinine. Within the monohydroxylated phenanthrene metabolites 3-hydroxyphenanthrene predominates with a percentage of 43%. Our results showed that a benzo[a]pyrene concentration in air of 2 micrograms/m3 would lead to 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in urine of 20-74 micrograms/g creatinine. That means that corresponding values in the literature which lie between 4.4 and 6.2 micrograms/g creatinine are due to other conditions of exposure and cannot be applied to graphite-electrode producing plants. CONCLUSIONS: Although to date there are no obligatory biological exposure limits for metabolites of PAHs in urine, it must be concluded that the internal PAH exposure is too high at some work places in this plant, as is generally the case in graphite-electrode producing plants. This is probably caused by skin absorption of PAHs. So for the prevention of health hazards by PAH, internal exposure must be measured using biological monitoring. Although it has not been possible to establish biological exposure limits for PAHs until now, we suggest a reduction in skin contact with these substances and thereafter use of the 90th percentile of the results of biological monitoring as "action levels" for corrective measures. 
The ability of a biomarker to provide an assessment of the integrated individual dose following uptake through multiple routes is especially valuable for mixtures of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), due to methodological and practical difficulties of collecting and analysing samples from the various environmental compartments like air, water and soil and various media such as diet, cigarette smoke and workroom air. Since 1980, a large variety of novel approaches and techniques have been suggested and tested, e.g. urinary thioethers, mutagenicity in urine, levels of PAH or PAH-metabolites in blood and urine and methods for determination of adducts in DNA and proteins. Two approaches are more frequently reported: PAH-DNA-adduct monitoring in blood cells and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene monitoring. A large research effort has been made to use the extent of binding of PAH to DNA as a biomarker of exposure. The 32P-post-labeling assay detects the total of aromatic DNA-adducts and the adduct level in white blood cells is claimed to be an indicator of the biological effect of the PAH-mixture. However, the levels of aromatic DNA-adducts may be subject to appreciable analytical and biological variation. The present technical complexity of the method makes it more convenient for research applications than for routine application in occupational health practice. Pyrene is a dominant compound in the PAH mixture and is mainly metabolised to the intermediary 1-hydroxypyrene to form 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide, which is excreted in urine. Since the introduction of the determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine as a biomarker for human exposure assessment in 1985, many reports from different countries from Europe, Asia and America confirmed the potential of this novel approach. The conclusion of the first international workshop on 1-hydroxypyrene in 1993 was that urinary 1-hydroxypyrene is a solid biological exposure indicator of PAH. Studies with a comparison of several biomarkers confirmed that 1-hydroxypyrene in urine is a valid and sensitive indicator of exposure. Periodical monitoring of 1-hydroxypyrene appears to be a powerful method in controlling occupational PAH-exposure in industries. The reference level and the biological exposure limit of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine are discussed.
The exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) was measured in a Finnish coking plant over a 7-year period (1988-1994), since the beginning of production. Hygienic measurements including dust and vapour sampling were performed and the correlations between the concentrations of airborne pyrene with the levels of pyrene metabolite 1-pyrenol in urine were calculated. The profile of measured 12 or 15 PAHs was very similar between mean concentrations of personal samples, which suggests that it is possible to calculate the concentrations of total PAH by using e.g. pyrene as a marker compound. Measurements suggest that the progress of working conditions has been very favourable because the mean exposure level of shift workers to benzo[a]pyrene has decreased from 2.5 micrograms/m3 to 0.3 micrograms/m3. This points to successful measures of technical prevention. The mean concentration of 1-pyrenol in urine has been 0.2-0.6 mumol/mol creatinine. The concentration increases slightly towards the end of the working day, but the correlation urinary pyrenol and air pyrene was weak. Therefore the usefulness of pyrenol level for predicting the pyrene concentration at low exposure level in the ambient air is very limited.
Because garbage collectors work in the street, they are exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in motor vehicle exhaust gas as they work. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH-pyrene) began to be used as a biological monitoring index for human exposure to high concentrations of PAHs. The objective of this study was to examine the applicability of urinary 1-OH-pyrene as a biological monitoring index for human low-level PAH exposure, such as the PAH exposure experienced while working in the street. The subjects were fifteen male garbage collectors. We measured individual exposure to PAHs, urinary 1-OH-pyrene concentrations and urinary cotinine concentrations. Individual air samplers were attached to the collar of the clothing of five workers to capture PAHs. Urine samples were collected before work, around noon and after finishing the day's work. In all, five PAH samples and 45 urine samples were collected. As control data, we analyzed the urinary 1-OH-pyrene and urinary cotinine levels of six smoking and four non-smoking control subjects who were not occupationally exposed to PAHs. The benzo[a]pyrene level in the air sampled for 5-6 h was 2.5-10.5 ng/m3, and the pyrene level as 10.3-70.3 ng/m3. These levels were similar to those in the vicinity of streets in Japan. A positive correlation between total PAH levels and the pyrene levels was observed. The average urinary 1-OH-pyrene level of the smokers was 0.21 +/- 0.13 mumol/mol creatinine, vs. 0.15 +/- 0.11 mumol/mol creatinine in the non-smokers. The urinary 1-OH-pyrene level obtained in this study was slightly higher than in the control group. No correlation was found between pyrene exposure and the urinary 1-OH-pyrene level of the five workers who wore the personal samplers. A significant positive correlation was observed between the urinary 1-OH-pyrene level and urinary cotinine level of the smokers. A significant positive correlation was also observed between the urinary 1-OH-pyrene and urinary cotinine levels of the control group smokers. In conclusion, urinary 1-OH-pyrene is not applicable for biological monitoring of extremely low levels of exposure to PAHs, as in the case of working in the street. Caution is required to exclude the effects of smoking when evaluating PAH exposure.
Urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene in a general adult population group are studied. Experimental data are not normally distributed; statistical analysis required a base 10 logarithmic transformation of data. The concentrations of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene measured were expressed as microgram g-1 urinary creatinine and are comparable with those reported by other authors, both for smoker and non-smoker subgroups. Multiple regression analysis shows that, for smokers, the number of cigarettes smoked per day and the body mass index (BMI) significantly influence the levels of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene expressed as microgram g-1 urinary creatinine, whereas no personal or behavioural variable (age, sex, alcohol consumption, dietary intake of pyrene, BMI) modified the 1-hydroxypyrene levels for non-smokers.
Firefighters may be exposed to carcinogenic agents in the smoke from fires, and there has been some concern regarding firefighters' risk of developing occupational-related cancer. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are present in most fires, posing a cancer risk. The objective of this study was to evaluate the PAH exposure among firefighters. Students (n = 9) and teachers (n = 4) at a firefighter training school delivered urine samples before and 6 to 7 hours after extinguishing burning diesel fuel. The urine samples were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography for 1-hydroxypyrene. A small but significant increase in 1-hydroxypyrene levels in the urine was found after the firefighting. This means that firefighting may cause exposure to PAHs. Although the exposure levels were low in this study, they may be different during other types of fires.
Previous studies have demonstrated that polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), such as benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) and 7,12-dimethybenz[a]anthracene (DMBA), and possibly 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo(p)dioxin (TCDD), may exert their immunosuppressive effects by altering intracellular Ca2+ homeostasis in lymphocytes. In these studies, we examined the effects of two immunosuppressive PAHs (BaP and DMBA), two nonimmunosuppressive PAHs (benzo[e]pyrene (BeP) and anthracene (ANTH)), and TCDD on intracellular Ca2+ levels in surface marker-defined human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (HPBMC). BaP and DMBA, but not BeP and ANTH, were found to produce a time-dependent increase in intracellular Ca2+ with maximal effects achieved following 42- to 66-hr exposures. In a series of studies with HPBMC obtained from 10 donors exposed in vitro for 42 hr, BaP and DMBA were found to produce a significant increase in Ca2+ in CD3+ T cells, CD19+ B cells, and CD14+ monocytes. BeP and ANTH did not produce a statistically significant increase in Ca2+ in the group of donors, but occasionally produced an apparent nonspecific elevation of Ca2+ in HPBMC from individual donors. Interestingly, TCDD produced a small and statistically significant increase in Ca2+ only in B cells analyzed for the pooled 10 donors. Certain BaP metabolites, such as the 7,8-dihydrodiol and the 7,8-diol-9,10-epoxide, were more effective in elevating Ca2+ in HPBMC lymphocytes at 20 hr than was BaP. These results demonstrate in normal HPBMC that immunosuppressive PAHs alter intracellular Ca2+ homeostasis in B cells, T cells, and monocytes, and suggest that P450 metabolism may play an important role in the immunotoxicity of certain PAHs.
Covalent adducts between serum albumin and low molecular weight organic electrophiles are formed with a high degree of regioselectivity mostly for nucleophilic amino acid residues located in subdomains IIA and IIIA. Previous studies have indicated that diol epoxide metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) may target residues in a different subdomain. The regioselectivity of PAH epoxide and diol epoxide binding was examined in this study by reaction of human serum albumin in vitro with the racemic trans,anti-isomers of 7,8-dihydrobenzo[a]pyrene-7,8-diol 9,10-epoxide (1), 2,3-dihydrofluoranthene-2,3-diol 1,10b-epoxide (2), 1,2-dihydrochrysene-1,2-diol 3,4-epoxide (5), 6-methyl-1,2-dihydrochrysene-1,2-diol 3,4-epoxide (6), 5-methyl-1,2-dihydrochrysene-1,2-diol 3,4-epoxide (7), 3,4-dihydrobenzo[c]phenanthrene-3,4-diol 1,2-epoxide (8), 11,12-dihydrobenzo[g]chrysene-11,12-diol 13,14-epoxide (9), and 11,12-dihydrodibenzo[a,l]pyrene-11,12-diol 13,14-epoxide (10) and the racemic epoxides cyclopenta[cd]pyrene 3,4-epoxide (3) and benzo[a]pyrene 4,5-epoxide (4) followed by determination of the linkage site. Adducted albumin was digested enzymatically, and digests were chromatographed by reversed-phase HPLC to purify peptide adducts, which were analyzed by electrospray ionization collision-induced dissociation (CID) tandem mass spectrometry. Product ion spectra revealed that adducts fragmented predominantly by cleavage of the peptide-PAH bond with retention of charge by the peptide as well as by the hydrocarbon. Peptide sequences were determined by MS/MS analysis of the peptide ions formed by in-source CID to cleave the adduct bond. Longer peptide sequences established site selectivity by virtue of their uniqueness, while shorter sequences revealed the reactant amino acid within the site. Epoxide 4 and diol epoxides 1, 2, 5, and 6 reacted predominantly with His146; epoxide 3 and diol epoxides 7-9 reacted predominantly with Lys137. Both residues are situated in subdomain IB. The binding site for 10 could not be determined uniquely, but one of the several possibilities was Lys159, which is also located in subdomain IB. The results, taken together with previous findings, demonstrate that the reaction of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon epoxides with human serum albumin is highly selective for a small number of residues in subdomain IB.
The 32P-postlabelling assay is one of the most sensitive methods for detection of DNA adducts induced by exposure to genotoxic chemicals. Under optimal conditions, detection limits of one adduct per 10(9)-10(10) nucleotides have been reported. This sensitivity now allows monitoring of occupational and even environmental exposure of humans to certain classes of chemicals, mainly polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). Despite its widespread use, 3P-postlabelling is still not a standardized method. Rigorous interlaboratory comparisons are scarce, and those that have been undertaken often show rather different results, both in relative and in absolute values, for the amounts of DNA adducts in the same samples. Furthermore, the optimization of many steps in the procedure has still not been given adequate attention. This paper deals with some technical aspects of detection of PAH-DNA adducts by 32P-postlabelling, in particular with assay calibration and adduct quantification. For this purpose, benzo[a]pyrene (BP)-modified DNA standards were prepared, the adduct contents of which were determined by use of an independent fluorometric method, viz. synchronous fluorescence spectrophotometry (SFS). These BP-DNA standards are processed along with the test samples throughout the entire 32P-postlabelling procedure, from the enzymic digestion up to and including the determination of radioactivity in adduct spots on the chromatogram. As such, these reference samples can be considered as external standards for inter-assay calibration. This method for adduct quantification was compared with the commonly used relative adduct labelling (RAL) and comparative dAMP labelling, which appeared to give rise to an underestimation of adduct levels. The method was applied in a biomonitoring study among workers in a carbon-electrode manufacturing plant, exposed to PAH. Although DNA adduct levels in peripheral blood lymphocytes of exposed workers, as determined by 32P-postlabelling, were not significantly different from those of controls, a significant difference was seen when smokers and non-smokers were compared.
This study assessed the exposure of coke-oven workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) based on two methods of biological monitoring (urinary mutagenicity by Ames test and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene) and concentrations of benzo(a)pyrene in the air collected by personal sampling. The coke-oven workers were classified into four job categories. There was no significant correlation among three methods applied. According to all methods, the workers most exposed to PAH were those working at the topside area of the coke plant, Coke-oven workers excreted significantly more mutagenic substances and 1-hydroxypyrene (HpU) in urine than the controls. Mutagenic substances in urine of coke-oven workers and the control group were detected only with TA98 after metabolic activation. Median HpU levels of coke-oven workers classified into three job categories (A, B, C) exceeded the biological exposure limit. The effect of smoking on urinary mutagenicity and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene was statistically significant.
The aim of this study was to estimate the kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP) elimination after inhalation exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). Samples of inhaled and exhaled air were collected on glass fiber filters backed with tubes filled with Amberlit XAD-2 resin. The filters were extracted by cyclohexane and Amberlit--by acetonitrile. Extracts for the determination of pyrene and benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) concentrations were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). 1-Hydroxypyrene in urine was determined after its preconcentration on a C-18 column (solid phase extraction method) using the same analytical technique. Five male volunteers were exposed for 6 h (two times, with a 1-month interval) to a PAH mixture at an aluminium plant. The volunteers were breathing at rest through facial mask equipped with a 1000-ml compensation container which allows collection of the exhaled air. Inhaled air samples were collected in the breathing zone of each volunteer. Urine samples were collected until the 71st hour after the onset of exposure. The average respiratory retention of pyrene was found to be 61%. The 1-HP elimination process could be described by one-compartment model with the half-live of 9.8 hour (95% CI 7.9-11.7 h). The simulation of 1-HP elimination in urine during a working week (4 days) indicates that the balance between absorption and elimination is achieved at the end of the second day.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) have become an ubiquitous upper soil component as a consequence of industrialization involving a multitude of combustion processes. Ingestion of PAH contaminated soil is considered to be a major exposure route, specifically for small children living on these soils. Health risk assessment is based on extrapolations from data obtained via studies performed with pure chemicals. Additionally it is assumed that after oral intake all PAH present in the soil will be absorbed by the human body. Interactions with the soil matrix, however, may modulate the bioavailability of PAH. In this study, we examined the absorption and excretion of PAH in rats orally exposed either to industrially contaminated soils or pure model compounds as anthracene, pyrene and benzo(a)pyrene (B[a]P). The model compounds and the metabolites, 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH-pyrene) and 3-hydroxybenzo(a)pyrene (3-OH-B[a]P), were measured in blood, feces or urine by means of HPLC with fluorescence detection. Because of rapid biotransformation only minimal levels of unmetabolized anthracene, pyrene and B[a]P in blood could be detected. The pharmacokinetic parameters were nonlinear and suggestive of enterohepatic cycling. Only low levels of the compounds were excreted unchanged in feces whereas the levels of the metabolites were considerably higher in feces and urine. These results indicate that the dosed PAH are largely absorbed by the gastrointestinal tract, subsequently metabolized and excreted as metabolites via urine and feces. Significant differences between the soil-treated group and the pure mixture-treated group could be observed; the soil-treated group showed higher fecal excretion of unchanged pyrene (0.5 versus 0.2% of the original dose) and B[a]P (1 versus 0.3%), lower excretion of 1-OH-pyrene in feces (5.1 versus 17. 0%), and lower excretion of 1-OH-pyrene in urine (0.2 versus 3.4%). The fecal excretion of 3-OH-B[a]P between the two groups was similar (8.8 versus 8.8%). These results suggest that the soil matrix is capable of reducing the absorption of at least pyrene. Therefore, exposure risk assessment models assuming complete bioavailability of soilmatrix-bound PAH probably overestimate the endogenous dose.
1 Objectives of this study were (1) to compare concentrations of individual polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in air of polluted and nonpolluted area of Czech Republic during winter and summer periods and (2) to verify if urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), as supposed practical biological marker, permits the assessment of spacial and temporal variations in environmental PAH exposure. 2 The study population consisted of three groups: (1) a group of 22 physical exercise students who regularly train outside, from the university situated in a polluted town, spending 14 days in winter and 14 days in summer in 'non-polluted' mountains; (2) a control group of 22 residents from the town and (3) a control group of 18 residents from the mountains. 3 The total PAH concentrations (sum of 13 individual PAH) were 19.3 and 104.6 ng/m3 in town and in mountains, respectively, during summer and 86.6 and 261 ng/m3 during winter. 4 Median 1-OHP levels ranged between 0.03 and 0.13 mumol/mol creatinine for controls and between 0.04 and 0.12 mumol/mol creatinine for students. No relationship was found between pyrene levels in air and group means of urinary 1-OHP. Our results show that other factors (probably PAH in food) contribute in masking air pollution influence on urinary 1-OHP levels in subjects non-occupationally exposed to PAH.
Capillary electrochromatography (CEC) was used for the analysis of mixtures of neutral isomeric compounds derived from the reaction of carcinogenic hydrocarbon (benzo[g]chrysene and 5,6-dimethylchrysene) dihydrodiol epoxides with calf thymus deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA). The CEC analysis demonstrated higher resolution, greater speed and lower analyte consumption than high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) in the analysis of the same samples using the same type of stationary phase. Proper selection of the mixed mobile phases was critical for the separation of these complex mixtures with enhanced speed and selectivity. The use of a step gradient further improved the speed of the CEC analysis resulting in electrochromatograms that required only 25-70% of the corresponding HPLC analysis times.
OBJECTIVES: The interaction of benzo(a)pyrene with serum albumin was measured in an attempt to identify the actual exposure and to evaluate albumin adduct measurements as biomarkers for exposure monitoring. METHODS: Benzo(a)pyrene-diol-epoxide (BPDE)-albumin adducts were measured by competitive enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) in plasma of coke oven plant workers from three plants and from people living in a highly industrialised area of Silesia in Poland. Due to the high air concentrations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in this area, a control group was selected from a rural non-industrialised area in Poland. Breathing zone air measurements of PAHs were collected from some of the participants. RESULTS: Coke oven plant workers and non-occupationally exposed people had similar concentrations of albumin adducts whereas the rural controls were significantly lower (2.74 fmol adducts/microgram albumin (SEM 0.124)). The mean concentration of BPDE-albumin adduct in plasma of both the occupational and the environmental groups were significantly higher in the summer samples (4.34 fmol adducts/microgram albumin (SEM 0.335) and 4.55 fmol adducts/microgram albumin (SEM 0.296), respectively) than in the winter samples (3.06 fmol adducts/microgram albumin (SEM 0.187) and 3.04 fmol adducts/microgram albumin (SEM 0.184), respectively) even though the air measurements showed higher concentrations of PAHs in the winter. The statistical analysis did not show any effects of air exposures on concentrations of BPDE-albumin adduct. CONCLUSIONS: A multiple regression analysis of the measured concentrations of BPDE-albumin adducts for all the groups, during both seasons, indicates that occupational exposures do not contribute significantly to the formation of adducts. In general, the concentrations of albumin adducts found vary within relatively small limits for the two seasons and between the various groups of participants. No extreme differences were found. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous carcinogenic substances to which man is exposed in the environment and at certain workplaces. Estimation of the resulting health risk is therefore of great occupational-medical and environmental-medical importance. Determination of the DNA and protein adducts of PAHs is the most suitable way of estimating this risk. The analytical methods used thus far, above all, 32P postlabeling, immunoassays, and synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy, are, however, too nonspecific; therefore, the results lack accuracy and are not comparable with one another. Only the use of very specific methods of instrumental analysis [above all, high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and gas chromatography/ mass spectrometry (GC/MS)] can counteract this deficit. However, these methods can successfully be used mainly to determine the protein adducts of PAHs. Hemoglobin adducts, for example, do not have repair mechanisms like DNA adducts. They therefore occur in higher concentrations and can thus be analytically detected more easily. At present, mainly the monohydroxylated metabolites of PAHs are being determined in urine with great success. Using specific enrichment methods and HPLC with fluorescence detection it is even possible today to determine the internal PAH exposure of the general population. The detection limits lie in the lower nanogram-per-liter range. In view of the importance of this group of substances, determination of PAH adducts and the detection of their metabolites in urine will remain at the center of future occupational-medical and environmental-medical/toxicological research. In general, the lack of reference substances must be lamented.
PAH (N-(4-aminobenzoyl)glycin) clearance measurements have been used for 50 years in clinical research for the determination of renal plasma flow. The quantitation of PAH in plasma or urine is generally performed by colorimetric method after diazotation reaction but the measurements must be corrected for the unspecific residual response observed in blank plasma. We have developed a HPLC method to specifically determine PAH and its metabolite NAc-PAH using a gradient elution ion-pair reversed-phase chromatography with UV detection at 273 and 265 nm, respectively. The separations were performed at room temperature on a ChromCart (125 mmx4 mm I.D.) Nucleosil 100-5 microm C18AB cartridge column, using a gradient elution of MeOH-buffer pH 3.9 1:99-->15:85 over 15 min. The pH 3.9 buffered aqueous solution consisted in a mixture of 375 ml sodium citrate-citric acid solution (21.01 g citric acid and 8.0 g NaOH per liter), added up with 2.7 ml H3PO4 85%, 1.0 g of sodium heptanesulfonate and completed ad 1000 ml with ultrapure water. The N-acetyltransferase activity does not seem to notably affect PAH clearances, although NAc-PAH represents 10.2+/-2.7% of PAH excreted unchanged in 12 healthy subjects. The performance of the HPLC and the colorimetric method have been compared using urine and plasma samples collected from healthy volunteers. Good correlations (r=0.94 and 0.97, for plasma and urine, respectively) are found between the results obtained with both techniques. However, the colorimetric method gives higher concentrations of PAH in urine and lower concentrations in plasma than those determined by HPLC. Hence, both renal (ClR) and systemic (Cls) clearances are systematically higher (35.1 and 17.8%, respectively) with the colorimetric method. The fraction of PAH excreted by the kidney ClR/ClS calculated from HPLC data (n=143) is, as expected, always <1 (mean=0.73+/-0.11), whereas the colorimetric method gives a mean extraction ratio of 0.87+/-0.13 implying some unphysiological values (>1). In conclusion, HPLC not only enables the simultaneous quantitation of PAH and NAc-PAH, but may also provide more accurate and precise PAH clearance measurements.
A cross-sectional study was conducted among 94 traffic police officers from the Municipality Police of Genoa, Italy, exposed to airborne pollutants and 52 referent subjects exposed to indoor air pollution levels to investigate the relationships between exposure to ambient air polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH-P). The effects of smoking, lifestyle factors such as exposure to ETS, and diet, along with the role played by the cytochrome P4501A1 (CYP1A1), and glutathione S-transferase M1 and theta metabolic susceptibility gene polymorphisms were examined. The geometric mean of benzo(a)pyrene air measurements (an index compound of PAH levels) was 70 times higher in traffic police officers (3.67 ng/m3) than in referents (0.05 ng/m3). The urinary concentration of 1-OH-P was clearly associated with cigarette smoking and, to a lesser extent, with exposure to ETS and particulate PAH pollution. No association was detected between 1-OH-P excretion and diet. Women exhibited a higher excretion level than did men, and an apparent effect of age was due to differences in cigarette smoking habits. Exposure to PAHs resulted in higher levels of 1-OH-P excretion in all groups except heavy smokers. Overall, no significant role of any metabolic polymorphism was detected. However, stratification of study subjects according to their smoking habits revealed higher levels of excretion of 1-OH-P in subjects smoking < or =15 cigarettes/day carrying the CYP1A1 polymorphism. No such effect was seen either with nonsmokers or with people smoking more than 15 cigarettes/day. These findings are suggestive of a gene-environment interaction, in which subjects with the CYP1A1 polymorphism, relative to subjects without it, have higher levels of 1-OH-P in their urine at low doses of exposure to PAHs.
Coke-oven workers are exposed to high concentrations of coke-oven emissions, which are comprised mainly of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. We conducted a pilot study to determine the time changes in urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) concentrations, as a metabolite of pyrene, in coke-oven workers after exposure to a benzene-soluble fraction (BSF) of total particulates. Thirteen subjects, including 2 men (referents) from an administrative area, 6 workers who work at the sideoven, and 5 who work on the top of the oven in one coke-oven plant were studied. After 1.5 to 2 days off, subjects were monitored individually for breathing zone air BSF over 3 consecutive days in August 1995. Seven spot urine samples, including preshift and postshift urine over 3 days and preshift urine on a fourth-day morning, were collected to determine 1-OHP concentrations by fluorescent spectrophotometry. The mean ambient BSF concentrations in the sideoven and topside oven workers ranged from 18 to 159 microg/m3 and from 251 to 1362 microg/ m3, respectively, whereas the BSF concentrations in the referents were low but detectable (11 and 29 microg/m3). Urinary 1-OHP concentrations increased during the work period, from 10+/-3 and 41+/-9 microg/g creatinine (mean+/-SE) on the preshift first day to 57+/-26 and 334+/-63 microg/g creatinine on the postshift third day in the sideoven and topside oven workers, respectively. However, the urinary 1-OHP concentrations were relatively flat in the two referents. The across-shift change in urinary 1-OHP defined as postshift 1-OHP on the third day minus preshift 1-OHP on the first day was highly associated with individual mean occupational exposure to air BSF (r = 0.80, P = 0.001). Repeated-measures regression analyses revealed that daily postshift 1-OHP concentrations were marginally associated with daily air BSF. A 10-fold increase of daily air BSF resulted in a 1.67-fold increase of daily postshift 1-OHP levels (95% confidence interval = 0.99-2.83; P = 0.07). After adjusting for daily preshift 1-OHP concentrations, we found that a 10-fold increase of daily air BSF resulted in a 1.90-fold increase of daily postshift 1-OHP levels (95% confidence interval = 1.10-3.28; P = 0.03). Although the sample size is small in this study, these results indicate that daily postshift 1-OHP levels in urine are determined mainly by current occupational exposure to coke-oven emissions.
ras gene activation in a naturally exposed feral fish population may prove to be a particularly sensitive genetic marker of malignancy. The aim of this study was to relate our current knowledge of polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) bioactivation and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-induced DNA damage to ras gene activation in liver tumors from dragonets exposed to these environmental carcinogens. We identified a member of the ras gene family in the marine fish dragonet (Callionymus lyra). The first two exons of this new sequence showed a very high degree of homology with the human ras genes (81-86%) at the nucleic acid level and perfect homology at the amino-acid level. In a pilot study, we collected dragonets from the Seine estuary, an area highly contaminated with PAHs and PCBs. An increase in DNA adducts and an accumulation of ortho- and non-ortho-substituted chlorobiphenyls (CB-77, CB-126, and CB-169) were observed in the livers, a finding that correlates well with the levels of PAHs and PCBs in the sediment. Although liver neoplasia was uncommon, a codon 11 mutation was found in two fish with liver cell hyperplasia, suggesting a possible correlation between hepatic precancerous lesions and ras gene activation in dragonets.
A method for the qualitative analysis of various metabolites of naphthalene, phenanthrene and pyrene is presented. The method uses SPME with a 85-microm polyacrylate fibre for extraction, headspace silylation with BSTFA without any catalyst for on-fibre derivatisation and GC-MS in the SIR mode for separation and detection. The suitability of the method for profile analysis of PAH metabolites is shown by analysing a smokers urine after enzymatic cleavage (and additionally after spiking with the target analytes) and spiked water. The method exhibits satisfactory separation of all investigated metabolites and no interferences due to matrix peaks.
The aim of this study was to investigate whether the use of an inhalable aerosol sampler would improve the correlation between urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and occupational pyrene exposure compared to measurements with a total dust sampler in an electrode paste plant. PAHs were collected on a filter and adsorbent by a 37-mm closed-face total aerosol sampler and an open-face sampler for inhalable aerosol from the Institute of Occupational Medicine (IOM). 1-Hydroxypyrene in pre- and post-shift urine samples was quantitated by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). In this study, the use of the IOM sampler resulted in approximately four times higher concentrations of particulate PAH and pyrene than the total dust sampler. The correlation between pyrene levels measured with the two samplers was good with a correlation coefficient of 0.83. The correlation between workplace air pyrene and 1-hydroxypyrene in post-shift urine was poor (r = -0.12), but a small non-significant improvement was found with the IOM sampler (r = 0.11). In this factory the use of an inhalable aerosol sampler had only marginal effect on the correlation between 1-hydroxypyrene in urine and breathing zone pyrene. These results indicate that skin exposure is an important route of PAH uptake in this plant.
While inhaled polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons have long been suspected to induce lung cancer in humans, their dosimetry has not been fully elucidated. A key question is whether the critical exposure occurs during absorption in the lungs, or if toxicants in the systemic circulation contribute significantly to lung cancer risk. In particular, data are needed to determine how the physical properties of inhalants affect local dosimetry in the respiratory tract. Pyrene, a tobacco smoke component, was selected for study because it has physical properties between those of highly lipophilic benzo[a]pyrene and water-soluble nitrosamines. Aliquots of 5 ng of pyrene dissolved in a phospholipid/ saline suspension were instilled as a single-spray bolus in the posterior trachea of the dog just anterior to the carina. For 3 h after instillation, blood was repeatedly sampled from the azygous vein, which drains the mucosa around the point of instillation, and from both sides of the systemic circulation. At 3 h post-instillation, tissue samples were taken. Autoradiography was used to determine the depth distribution of pyrene in the tracheal mucosa. The concentration of pyrene-equivalent radioactivity in the azygous vein peaked 9 min after the instillation. At approximately 30 min after instillation, a rapid early clearance phase shifted into a distinctly slower second clearance phase. Rates of rapid clearance were, however, sufficiently slow to indicate diffusion-limited absorption of pyrene in the trachea. This finding was corroborated by high concentrations of pyrene in the epithelium as determined by autoradiography. High epithelial concentration of pyrene combined with a slow penetration into the circulating blood allowed substantial first-pass metabolic conversion of pyrene in the tracheal mucosa. A total of 13% of the instilled pyrene was retained in the tracheal mucosa 3.2 h after instillation; of this, 29% was parent compound, 52% was organic-extractable metabolites, 14% was water-soluble metabolites and 6% (approximately 1% of the instilled amount) was covalently bound to tracheal tissues. Results support the inference that lipophilic protoxicants, because of slow, diffusion-limited absorption, are more likely than water-soluble protoxicants to be bioactivated in the lining epithelium and, in turn, induce first-pass toxicity at the site of entry. In addition, limitations were identified in the use of systemically distributed biomarkers of PAHs, such as urinary hydroxypyrene levels, as indicators of the biologically effective dose in airway target cells.
A broad range of pollutants such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), polychlorinated hydrocarbons (PCHs), polynitrohydrocarbons (PNHs), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and organochlorine (OCs) insecticides were simultaneously analyzed in spiked soil, water or plasma samples by using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Water and plasma samples containing the pollutants were extracted by a solid-phase extraction (SPE) method using florisil columns. The soil samples, fortified with the toxicants, were extracted with water, methanol or dichloromethane (DCM). The water extract was processed by the SPE method. The methanol and DCM samples were dried, dissolved in acetonitrile and subjected to the SPE extraction. The extracted samples were analyzed by GC-MS programmed to monitor selected ions. The deuterium labelled compounds were used as the internal standards. The chromatographic profile of total ions indicated complete separation of some compounds such as isophorone, naphthalene, all PCBs, most OC insecticides and PNHs; high Mr PAHs and some PCHs were partially or incompletely separated. The chromatographic profile of individual ion indicated good separation of each ion. The minimum detection limit ranged from 1 to 4 pg injected when 1 or 2 ions were monitored or from 20 to 200 pg injected when 20 ions were monitored. The SPE method that provided 60-105% recovery of pollutants from water samples, provided only 2-60% recovery from plasma samples. This may be due to the binding of pollutants to plasma proteins. Water recovered 1-30%, while methanol or DCM recovered 65-100% of the pollutants added to the soil samples. The use of internal standards corrected for the loss of pollutants from plasma or soil.
An investigation is presented of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in a carbon-electrode manufacturing plant, as assessed by three monitoring methods, viz. environmental monitoring of the external dose by analysis of personal air samples, biological monitoring of the internal dose by analysis of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHpyrene), and biological effect monitoring by dosimetry of PAH-DNA adducts in blood lymphocytes. On the basis of job conditions, workers at the plant were divided into three groups with presumed low, intermediate and high exposure to air-borne PAH, respectively. All air samples showed levels of total PAH below the current MAC-value in the Netherlands, which is 200 micrograms/m3, whereas the benzo[a]pyrene level was occasionally higher than the recommended concentration of 2 micrograms/m3. The values of 1-OHpyrene in urine from the intermediate and high exposure groups were significantly higher than those of the low exposure group, namely 3.6- and 8.2-fold, respectively. Clear external and internal exposure was thus demonstrated for workers of the high and intermediate exposure groups, but this did not result in a measurable effect at the DNA level in blood lymphocytes. Tobacco smoking, on the other hand, caused a significant increase of the levels of PAH-DNA adducts but did not affect 1-OHpyrene values. These data suggest that smoking is a more important risk factor for adverse health effects, i.e. cancer, than occupational exposure to PAH in this plant.
Large amounts of polycyclic-aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are found in the work environment of electrode paste workers. Inhalation and skin uptake are both important routes for PAH exposure. We have studied the effect of dust-protective respirator masks by measuring urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker for PAH exposure. Eighteen workers divided into work categories at the factory were monitored by personal air sampling and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene every work shift for two consecutive weeks. In the second week of the study, the workers were encouraged to wear respirator masks persistently, which resulted in a significant reduction in urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in end-of-shift samples (paired t-test, P = 0.009). When correcting urinary 1-hydroxypyrene for ambient air pyrene we found on average 41% reduction in urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration in the second week of the intervention study. There was a work-category dependent variation in the correlation between end-of-shift urinary 1-hydroxypyrene samples and pyrene measured in the breathing zone of the workers, most likely due to variable skin uptake of pyrene; the overall correlation coefficient was 0.26 (P = 0.015). The 1-hydroxypyrene concentration in pre- and post-shift urine samples varied between 0.7 and 69.6 mumol/mol creatinine in the normal work week, and depended on the work category. The particulate PAH exposure ranged from 0.6 to 21.4 micrograms/m3. The ratio of particulate pyrene to benzo[a]pyrene varied from 1.6 to 8.0 amongst the various work categories within the same plant. Multiple regression analysis showed that smoking and work day are explanatory variables for the concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine. Thirty-nine percent of the variation in the urinary 1-hydroxypyrene level at the end of shift could be explained by the independent variables pyrene concentration in air, smoking habits, work day, use of respiratory mask, work category and age.
32P-postlabelling analysis for detecting DNA adducts formed by polycyclic aromatic compounds is one of the most widely used techniques for assessing genotoxicity associated with these compounds. In cases where the formation of adducts is extremely low, a crucial step in the analysis is an enrichment procedure for adducts prior to the radiolabelling step. The nuclease P1 enhancement procedure is the most established and frequently used of these methods. An immunoaffinity procedure developed for class specific recognition for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts has therefore been compared with the nuclease P1 method for a range of DNA adducts formed by PAHs. The evaluation was carried out with skin DNA from mice treated topically with benzo[a]pyrene, 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene, 5-methylchrysene or chrysene. The immobilised antibody had the highest affinity for adducts structurally similar to the BPDE-I-deoxyguanosine adduct ([+/-]-N2-(7r,8t,9r-trihydroxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene-1 0t-yl)-2'-deoxyguanosine) against which the antibody had been raised. Of the PAH-modified DNAs evaluated, the maximum adduct recovery was obtained for DNA containing the BPDE I-deoxyguanosine adduct. With DMBA-modified DNA, the profiles of adducts recovered from the column were similar when the column material was treated either with a digest of DMBA-modified DNA or with 32P-labelled DMBA adducts. I-compounds (endogenous adducts in tissue DNA of unexposed animals), which had similar chromatographic properties to PAH-DNA adducts, were not enriched by the immunoaffinity procedure. Compared to the simple nuclease P1 enhancement procedure, the immunoaffinity methods were lengthier and more labour intensive. Advantages of the immunoaffinity procedure include: specificity, allowing the selective detection of a certain class of adducts: efficient adduct enrichment, providing a viable alternative to other enrichment procedures; adequate sensitivity for model studies and the potential to purify adducts for further characterisation. However, as a general screen for detecting the formation of DNA adducts, the nuclease P1 procedure was viewed as the initial method of choice since it was capable of detecting a wider range of PAH-DNA adducts.
PAH (N-(4-aminobenzoyl)-glycin) clearance measurements have been used for 50 years in clinical research for the determination of renal plasma flow. The quantitation of PAH in plasma or urine is generally performed by colorimetric method after diazotation reaction. Although straightforward, the measurements must be corrected for the nonspecific residual response observed in blank plasma. We have therefore developed an HPLC method for the specific determination of PAH and its metabolite NAc-PAH using a gradient elution ion-pair reverse-phase chromatography with UV detection. The Nacetyltransferase (NAT-1 or NAT-2 dependent) activity does not seem clinically relevant nor does it affect notably PAH clearances, although NAc-PAH represents 10.2 +/- 2.7% of the PAH excreted unchanged in 12 healthy subjects. The performance of the HPLC technique has been compared with the colorimetric method using urine and plasma samples collected from 12 healthy volunteers following a priming dose of PAH followed by a constant rate infusion. Good correlations (r = 0.94 and 0.97, for plasma and urine respectively) are found between the results obtained with both techniques. However, the colorimetric method gives higher concentrations of PAH in urine while the concentrations in plasma are lower than those determined by HPLC. Hence, both renal (CLR = U x V/P) and systemic (CLS = Rinf/Css) clearances are systematically higher (35.1%, resp. 17.8%) with the colorimetric method. The fraction of PAH excreted by the kidney CLR/CLS calculated from HPLC data (n = 143) is, as expected, always < 1 (mean = 0.73 +/- 0.11), whereas the colorimetric method gives a mean extraction ratio of 0.87 +/- 0.13 implying unphysio-logical values (> 1) in some cases. In conclusion HPLC not only enables the simultaneous quantitation of PAH and NAc-PAH, but may also provide more accurate and precise PAH clearance measurements.
Several polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are carcinogenic in rodents, while exposure to these compounds has been associated with various types of human cancer. Engine exhaust and used engine oils are major PAH sources in engine repair workshops. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) levels and some genotoxicity parameters (sister-chromatid exchange, SCE; micronucleus, MN) have been compared among engine repair workers (n = 61, age: between 13 and 18) and workers not occupationally exposed to PAH (n = 30, age: between 13 and 19). The mean value (+/- S.E.) of urinary 1-OHP excretions of workers was 4.71 +/- 0.53 micromol/mol creatinine and also mean urinary 1-OHP for controls was found to be as 1.55 +/- 0.28 micromol/mol creatinine. The mean values (+/- S.E.) of SCE frequency per cell in peripheral lymphocytes from the workers and controls were 4.47 +/- 0.09 and 4.06 +/- 0.16, respectively (p < 0.05). The mean (+/- S.E.) MN (per thousand) frequencies in peripheral lymphocytes from the workers and controls were 1.87 +/- 0.04 and 1.56 +/- 0.06, respectively (p < 0.0001). The effect of smoking for the above parameters were also evaluated.
Using a modified micellar buffer consisting of gamma-cyclodextrin (gamma-CD) and sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS), we have obtained separations of hydroxy-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (hydroxyPAHs). These compounds are oxidative products of mammalian PAH metabolism. The analytes were detected with a commercial laser-induced fluorescence (LIF) detector. A number of hydroxyPAH isomers could be separated by changes in gamma-CD concentration. Baseline resolution of 12 hydroxyPAHs was obtained using 30 mM borate, 60 mM SDS and 40 mM gamma-CD. The particular site substitution of the hydroxy group can produce changes in the hydroxyPAH fluorescence spectrum, and the effect of optical filter selection was studied for the LIF detection. The mass detection limits were in the (0.08-0.5) x 10(-15) mol range. To our knowledge, this is the first report of the separation of metabolic products of PAHs (and several positional isomers) using gamma-CD and micellar electrokinetic chromatography.
In vitro DNA replication by exonuclease-deficient T7 DNA polymerase (Sequenase) and an exonuclease deficient T4 DNA polymerase was examined on a 244-nucleotide DNA template treated with three electrophilic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites: racemic trans-7,8-dihydroxy-anti-9,10-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (BaPDE), trans-2,3-dihydroxy-anti-1,10b-epoxy-10b,1,2,3-tetrahydrofluoranthene (FADE), or 3,4-epoxy-3,4-dihydrocyclopenta[cd]pyrene (CPPE). The DNA replication terminated opposite template guanines and, to a lesser extent, at template adenines, as expected, as purines were modified preferentially by the chemical treatments. Analysis of the products synthesized on the damaged templates indicated that bypass replication by Sequenase proceeded in three steps: (1) replication first terminated one base 3' to each adduct; (2) a nucleotide was then incorporated opposite the PAH-modified base; and (3) replication continued at some sites to give full bypass of the lesions. The rate of lesion bypass was affected by the type of chemical adduct, the sequence context of the adduct, and the concentration of deoxynucleoside triphosphates. Short DNA repeats appeared to facilitate translesion replication.
The methodology applied for DNA adducts in humans has become more reliable in recent years, allowing to detect even background carcinogenic adduct levels in environmentally exposed persons. Particularly, combinations of the various methods now allow the elucidation of specific adduct structures with detection limits of 1 adduct in 108 unmodified nucleotides or even lower. The quantification of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA (PAH-DNA) adducts in human tissues and cells has been achieved with a number of highly sensitive techniques: immunoassays and immunocytochemistry using polyclonal or monoclonal antisera specific for DNA adducts or modified DNA, the assay, and adduct identification using physicochemical instrumentation. The results summarized in this review show that PAH-DNA adducts have been detected in a variety of human tissues, including target organs of PAH- and tobacco-associated cancers. Although dosimetry has not always been precise, a large number of data now clearly show that lowering exposure to carcinogenic PAH results in decreasing PAH-DNA adduct levels. In most studies, however, bulk DNA of a certain tissue or cell type has been examined, and there were relatively few studies in which mutations as a consequence of DNA damage at specific genes have been investigated. Promising as these biomarker studies seem for epidemiology and health surveillance, future biomonitoring and molecular epidemiological studies should be directed to combine several endpoint measurements: i.e., adduct formation (preferably at specific sites), mutational spectra in cancer-relevant genes, and genetic markers of (cancer) susceptibility in a number of cancer-predisposing genes.
The study was performed on 30, 8-year-old children living in an industrial town of the Upper Silesia region. Morning urine samples were collected on 6 consecutive days. Intraindividual variation of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations, calculated as a coefficient of variance (CV), ranged from 14 to 109% whereas inter-individual variation ranged from 69 to 109%. Three-way analysis of variance disclosed a significant effect of sex, exposure to environmental tobacco smoke and day of examination on 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations not corrected for creatinine. The appropriate sample size for population studies and the minimum number of observations for the individual assessment of environmental exposure to PAHs calculated on the basis of inter- and intraindividual variability of 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in urine amounted to 164 and 99, respectively. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene may be considered a good indicator of environmental exposure to PAHs at the group level.
BACKGROUND: We investigated if blood Cu++/Zn++ superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, and catalase activities are increased and total plasma antioxidant concentration is decreased in coke oven workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. METHODS: Ninety-six coke oven workers participated in the study. Nonexposed workers (n = 105) were randomly sampled among power plant workers in the same age range. The examination included a questionnaire on health status, occupational history, smoking, and dietary habits. Blood samples completed the examination. Coke oven workers were classified into low-, middle-, and high-exposure groups based on the benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) air concentrations and were further classified into the categories "topside" and "non-topside," according to their proximity to the ovens. RESULTS: Erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase activity increased with age (r = 0.18, P = 0.061) in power plant workers, whereas plasma glutathione peroxidase activity decreased with age (r = -0.18, P = 0.068) and erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase activity was inversely correlated with the number of cigarettes per day (r = -0.28, P = 0.08) in coke oven workers. Comparison of blood antioxidant enzyme activities and total plasma antioxidant concentration between coke oven and power plant workers showed that erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase activity was significantly lower in coke oven workers, even after adjustment for potential confounding factors. No differences were found either in other blood antioxidant enzyme activities or in total plasma antioxidant concentration between coke oven and power plant workers. Moreover, no trends toward decreased glutathione peroxidase activity among the three subgroups of B[a]P exposure were observed, and no differences either in blood antioxidant enzyme activities or in total plasma antioxidant concentration between the two groups of job categories were found. CONCLUSIONS: Production of reactive oxygen species seems not to be increased in coke oven workers. 
The urinary and biliary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) were compared in male Sprague-Dawley rats exposed intravenously and orally to 1.5, 5, 15, 50 and 100 micromol/kg pyrene. Urine and bile samples were collected at 6-h intervals for up to 24 h. Results showed that the kinetics of 1-OHP were similar for both biliary and urinary excretion whatever the administered dose or exposure route. Furthermore, the time course of 1-OHP excretion in either bile or urine following intravenous dosing resembled that observed after oral administration. In addition, the exposure route and dose had no significant effect on the fraction of dose recovered in urine and bile as 1-OHP after 6, 12, 18 and 24 h post-dosing. Following intravenous injection of 1.5, 5, 15, 50 and 100 micromol/kg pyrene, the mean cumulative percent of dose excreted as 1-OHP in urine over 24 h ranged from 1.7 to 3.2%, while biliary values ranged from 6.5 to 9.5%. Correspondingly, after oral administration, on average, 2.6-3.3% of dose was excreted as 1-OHP in urine and 7.9-10.9% was recovered in bile. Overall, the linear dose-excretion relationship following either exposure routes supports the usefulness of 1-OHP in urine as a bioindicator of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure. Results further suggest that tissue uptake and distribution of intravenously and orally administered pyrene proceeds similarly. By comparing these data with predicted values from a previously published physiologically based pharmacokinetic model for pyrene in the rat, it also appears that a small fraction of pyrene dose (12%) remains in the body after 24 h and that metabolites other than 1-OHP as measured in the current study are present in significant proportions in urine and feces.
This study investigated the relationship in human placenta between polycyclic aromatic hydrocabon (PAH)-DNA adduct levels and two biomarkers of cytochrome P4501A1 (CYP1A1): gene induction evidenced by CYP1A1 mRNA, and a genetic polymorphism, the CYP1A1 MspI RFLP. CYP1A1 codes for an inducible enzyme system that catalyzes the bioactivation of PAHs. Prior research found a high correlation in human lung tissue between CYP1A1 activity and DNA damage from PAHs. The CYP1A1 Mspi RFLP has been linked in some studies to risk of lung cancer. The relationships in human placenta between DNA damage, CYP1A1 activity and genotype have not been well characterized and may be relevant to risks from transplacental PAH exposure. The study cohort consisted of 70 newborns from Krakow, Poland, a city with elevated air pollution, and 90 newborns from nearby Limanowa, an area with lower air pollution but greater indoor coal use. Contrary to results seen previously in lung tissue, CYP1A1 mRNA was not significantly correlated with PAH-DNA adduct levels in the placenta. Smoking (self-reported maternal and infant plasma cotinine) was significantly associated with CYP1A1 mRNA levels (P < 0.01), but not with PAH-DNA adduct levels. Placental PAH-DNA adduct levels were significantly higher in infants with the CYP1A1 MspI restriction site compared with infants without the restriction site (P < 0.01), implicating a genetic factor in inter-individual variation in DNA damage in human placenta. Further studies are needed to determine the relevance of this finding to risk of transplacental carcinogenesis.
Coke-oven workers are regularly exposed to a high concentration of the benzene-soluble fraction (BSF) of total particulates, which are comprised mainly of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). A metabolite of pyrene, 1-hydroxpyrene (1-OHP), is readily measured in the urine of exposed individuals. Epidemiological studies have shown that P4501A1 (CYP1A1) genotypes are associated with PAH-related lung cancer risk. The purpose of this study was to investigate whether CYP1A1 MspI genotypes modulate the relationship of individual occupational exposure to air BSF to urinary 1-OHP concentrations among coke-oven workers. We monitored individual breathing zone air BSF over 3 consecutive days in 80 coke-oven workers in Taiwan from August 1995 to February 1996. Exposure was also dichotomized by work area (topside oven workers and sideoven workers). Preshift urine on the morning of day 1 and postshift urine on the afternoon of day 3 were measured by fluorescent spectrophotometry, and blood samples were analyzed to determine the relative distributions of CYP1A1 MspI polymorphisms. The frequency of the MspI homozygous variant genotypes of CYP1A1 was 15%. Multiple linear regression showed significant effects of individual occupational exposure to air BSF and preshift 1-OHP on postshift urinary 1-OHP concentrations (P = 0.002 and P < 0.001, respectively). After adjusting for preshift 1-OHP concentrations and air BSF, subjects with the homozygous variant genotype have a 2-fold higher postshift 1-OHP levels than the combined wild-type and heterozygous (P = 0.04). In addition, a positive trend was found in postshift 1-OHP and across-shift change of 1-OHP (postshift 1-OHP - preshift 1-OHP) in decreasing order, as follows: topside oven workers with the homozygous variant trait, topside oven workers with the heterozygous variant trait, sideoven workers with the homozygous variant trait, and sideoven workers with the heterozygous trait (P < 0.001). We conclude that CYP1A1 MspI variant genotype can modify the metabolism of PAHs in coke-oven workers.
OBJECTIVE: This study assessed the efficacy of preventive measures in a graphite electrode plant aimed at reducing occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). METHODS: Electrode workers (n = 146) answered a questionnaire and provided an end of shift urine sample. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-hpur), a biological marker of exposure to PAHs, was measured by high performance liquid chromatography coupled with: (a) fluorescence detection. 1-Hydroxypyrene concentrations were compared with the concentrations measured before implementing the preventive measures; and (b) those of a control group of 54 men not occupationally exposed to PAHs. RESULTS: After implementation of preventive measures, median concentrations 1-hpur were significantly reduced in some groups of workers: by -24%, -37% and -30% in workers at the green electrode unit, one baking impregnation unit, and the laboratory, respectively. In workers at a second baking impregnation unit, in end product finishing and in the power station 1-hpur concentrations were unchanged. Urinary 1-hp concentrations were still significantly higher in each group of workers than in the control group (p < 0.001 for any comparison). Concentrations in the workers varied with the type of job, the highest values being found in workers engaged in the power station, in the two baking impregnation units and in the green electrode unit. CONCLUSIONS: Implementing preventive measures significantly reduced exposure to PAHs at a graphite electrode plant. The reduction in median and peak concentrations of 1-hpur, which reflects total exposure to, and internal dose of PAHs, was most evident in workers employed in the units where preventive measures had been taken. Despite an overall reduction, further preventive measures are needed to minimise exposure to PAHs and consequently the risk of adverse health effects. 
The effect of exposure to binary and ternary mixtures of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) on the urinary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) has been examined. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were administered intravenously 5 micromol/kg of pyrene alone or in combination with 0.5, 5 and 25 micromol/kg of either naphthalene, benzo(a)pyrene (BaP), or both. Urine samples were collected at frequent intervals over 48 h. The kinetics of 1-OHP in urine was not altered by the presence of either naphthalene or BaP in the mixtures, at least from 4 h post-dosing. Hence, none of the injected mixtures significantly modified the first-order apparent elimination half-life of 1-OHP in urine obtained for the 12 to 42 h period post injection where mean values ranged between 6.2 and 9.6 h. However, while the presence of naphthalene or the low BaP dose of 0.5 micromol/kg in the mixtures did not have a significant effect on the total excretion of 1-OHP, BaP doses of 5 and 25 micromol/kg in the mixtures significantly increased the amount of 1-OHP excreted in urine. Mean percentages of the pyrene dose excreted as 1-OHP after injection of pyrene in combination with 0.5, 5 and 25 micromol/kg BaP were respectively increased 1.3, 2.2 and 2.6 times compared to the value obtained after administration of pyrene alone. The percentages determined after concomitant administration of pyrene and 0.5, 5 and 25 micromol/kg of BaP plus naphthalene were 1.4, 1.8 and 2.4 times, respectively, the value obtained after administration of pyrene singly. The observed effect of BaP (5 or 25 micromol/kg) on 1-OHP total excretion appears to result from BaP induction of pyrene metabolism. Lack of effect of naphthalene appears to be due to its weak P450 1A1 enzyme induction capacity. Absence of significant effect of the low BaP dose in the mixtures (0.5 micromol/kg) suggests that 1-OHP in urine is useful as a bioindicator of occupational and environmental exposures to PAH mixtures.
This study describes the exposure of coke plant workers to hydrocarbons. Aromatic hydrocarbons (AHs) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in the breathing zone air and their oxygenated metabolites in the urine of coke plant workers are qualitatively and quantitatively determined. Concentrations of benzene, toluene, naphthalene, m + p-xylene, o-xylene and 14 different PAHs were measured at the different workplaces by personal air sampling. O-cresol, 1- and 2-naphthol, methylhippuric acid, and 1-hydroxypyrene were determined in hydrolyzed urine of workers collected after the work shift. The gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC/MS) method was applied to identify AHs in air and in urine samples. Time-weighted values of exposure to aromatic hydrocarbons at a coke plant were: benzene (0.06-9.82 mg/m3), toluene (0.05-4.71 mg/m3), naphthalene (0.01-3.28 mg/m3), o-xylene (0.01-1.76 mg/m3) and m + p-xylene (0.01-2.62 mg/m3). At the coke batteries, the total concentration of PAHs ranged from 7.27 to 21.92 micrograms/m3. At the sorting department, the total concentration of PAHs were about half this value. Concentration of the urinary metabolites (naphthols and methylhippuric acid) detected in workers at the tar distillation department are three times higher than those for the coke batteries and sorting department workers. A correlation between inhaled toluene, naphthalene, xylene, and urinary excretion of metabolites has been found. Time-weighted average concentrations of AHs in the breathing zone air show that exposure levels of the workers are rather low in comparison to exposure limits. The 1-hydroxypyrene concentration is below 24.75 mumol/mol creatinine. The GC/MS analysis reveals the presence of AHs, mainly benzene and naphthalene homologues. It has been found that coke plant workers are simultaneously exposed to the mixture of aromatic and polycyclic hydrocarbons present in the breathing zone air of a coke plant. Exposure levels are significantly influenced by job categories. Compounds identified in the urine appear to be the products of the hydroxylation of AHs present in the air as well as unmetabolized hydrocarbons.
The objective of this study was to analyze the effect of the GSTM1 and GSTP1 genotypes on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, a biomarker for exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon. Urine samples were collected from coke oven workers at two time points (from 66 and 46 workers, respectively) and 1-hydroxypyrene was quantitated by HPLC chromatography. The genotype of GSTM1 and GSTP1 was determined by a PCR methods discriminating between GSTM1 present or absent and three different alleles for GSTP1. The mean value of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene was higher at both time points in coke oven workers with GSTM1 gene present compared to workers having the GSTM1 null genotype, but this difference was not statistically significant. The GSTM1 and GSTP1 genotypes were not significant parameters in a multiple regression analysis with urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as the dependent variable and with GSTM1, GSTP1, exposure group and smoking habit as explanatory variables. The biomarker 1-hydroxypyrene is not or only marginally influenced by the GSTM1 genotype. No systematic influence of the GSTP1 genotypes was found.
Mammalian cells in culture were used to study the genotoxic potential of coke oven emissions constituting a complex mixture of chemicals. For this purpose, particle extracts and some polycyclic aromatic and nitroaromatic hydrocarbons (PAH and nitro-PAH) occurring in these mixtures were assayed for DNA adduct formation using the -postlabeling technique. In primary cultures of rat hepatocytes, benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P), benz[a]anthracene (B[a]A) and benzo[b]fluoranthene (B[k]F) caused DNA adduct levels in the range of 1 adduct/108 nucleotides. 4-Nitropyrene (4-NP), 6-nitrochrysene (6-NC), 3-nitrofluoranthene (3-NF) caused DNA adduct levels that were by one to two orders of magnitude higher. The crude particle extract and its fractions differing in acidity and polarity induced the formation of DNA reactive material within diagonal radioactive zones (DRZ) on the autoradiograms. On a weight base, the neutral aromatic fraction contributed by more than 80% to the total adduct level in hepatocytes. To examine whether the PAH- and nitro-PAH-DNA derived adducts can be further differentiated, hepatocyte cultures were preincubated with 2,3,7,8-tetrachloro-p-dioxin (TCDD) to induce the activity of cytochrome P450 1A1. TCDD pretreatment strongly increased the levels of PAH-DNA adducts, whereas, the levels of nitro-PAH adducts were markedly decreased. NCI-H322 cells, a human lung tumor cell line derived from Clara cells, exhibited PAH-DNA adduct levels between 10 and 100, and nitro-PAH-DNA adducts at levels between 0.2 to about 30 adducts per 108 nucleotides, respectively. In contrast to hepatocytes, incubations with extractable organic matter (EOM) and the neutral aromatic EOM fraction displayed several distinct spots in the chromatograms of NCI-H322 cells. The major spot was assigned by cochromatography to be identical with the major DNA adduct formed by incubation with B[a]P alone. In V79NH cells, a Chinese hamster lung cell line expressing nitro-PAH activating enzymes, but virtually no cytochrome P450 activity, PAH-derived DNA adducts were not detectable. Nitro-PAH-derived DNA adducts, however, were formed at levels between 10 and 300 adducts/108 nucleotides. The slightly and the moderately polar EOM fraction caused the formation of distinct adduct spots suggesting the occurrence of nitro-PAH in these fractions. GC/MS analyses revealed the presence of twelve PAH in the aromatic fraction, at a total amount of about 10% (w/w), and of four nitro-PAH in the slightly polar and the acidic fraction amounting to about 0.2% (w/w). In conclusion, our results indicate that PAH and nitro-PAH contribute to the genotoxicity of coke oven emissions. Using DNA adduct analysis in rat hepatocytes (+/-pretreatment with TCDD) and in NCI-H322 and in V79NH cells offers a promising approach to determine the genotoxic activity of PAH and nitro-PAH in any complex environmental samples.
Urinary naphthols, 1- and 2-naphthol, recently have been suggested as route-specific biomarkers for exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. For the proper application of urinary naphthols as biomarkers, we studied effects of lifestyle on urinary naphthols levels in 119 Japanese male workers. After improving the detection limit of urinary naphthols up to 0.27 microg/L by high-resolution capillary gas chromatography/mass spectrometry/selected ion monitoring, urinary naphthols were detectable in approximately 90% of the subjects. Among detectable samples, the geometrical mean (GM) of urinary 1-naphthol concentration was 5.13 microg/L (geometrical standard deviation, GSD, 4.90), while the GM of urinary 2-naphthol concentration was 3.16 microg/L (GSD, 5.61). We observed that urinary 1- and 2-naphthol level were three- and sevenfold higher, respectively, among smokers than among nonsmokers (p < 0.01). The ratios of urinary 2-naphthol to 1-naphthol were significantly higher among smokers than nonsmokers (p < 0.05). The number of cigarettes smoked and urinary cotinine levels were also positively related to the concentration of urinary naphthols (p < 0.01), while other lifestyle factors, i.e., age and consumption of alcohol, greasy or salty food, sweets, fruits, vegetables, meat, or fish, were not. We also studied whether genetic polymorphisms of enzymes, which were involved in naphthalene metabolism, affected urinary naphthols levels. The cytochrome P450 (CYP) 1A1 exon 7 genetic polymorphism was not related to urinary naphthol levels. Among smokers, the subjects with c1/c2 or c2/c2 type of CYP2E1, which was determined by CYP2E1 RsaI polymorphism in 5'-flaking region, showed higher concentrations of urinary 2-naphthol than the subjects with c1/c1 type regardless of creatinine-correction (p < 0.05) and the subjects with glutathione S-transferase (GST) M1 deficient type showed higher concentrations of both urinary 1- and 2-naphthol than those with GSTM1 normal type but only without creatinine-correction (p < 0.05). Thus, when urinary naphthols are used as biomarkers, smoking and the genetic polymorphisms of CYP2E1 and GSTM1 should be considered.
Pyrene was chosen as a noncarcinogen model of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). Groups of male Wistar rats were dosed with pyrene and with mixture of pyrene and fluoranthene, pyrene and benz[a]anthracene, or pyrene, fluoranthene, and benz[a]anthracene at 20 mg/kg by intravenous or oral routes. Blood samples were taken at 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 h after administration. The concentration of pyrene was determined by gas chromatography. The toxicokinetic parameters for pyrene were determined from the time course of blood concentration. A significant increase in the bioavailability of pyrene after treatment with other PAHs was observed. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion was analyzed after pretreatment with acenaphthene, naphthalene, chrysene, phenanthrene, benz[a]anthracene, and benzo[a]pyrene. The urine from rats was collected for 3 d and the concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene was determined using high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). Most compounds examined caused a decrease in the urinary excretion of the metabolite of pyrene.
The presence of cigarette smoking-related polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts was investigated in human arterial tissue using an immunoperoxidase staining method with a monoclonal antibody that recognizes benzo(a)pyrene and structurally related PAH diol epoxide-DNA adducts. This is the first time that immunohistochemical methods for detection of PAH-DNA damage have been applied to human endothelial and smooth muscle cells of blood vessels. Internal mammary artery specimens from a total of 37 smokers and non-smokers were tested. Positive nuclear staining was observed in both endothelial and smooth muscle cells, with higher staining in the endothelium. The correlation between smoking status, available for 33 subjects, and detectable PAH-DNA adducts in endothelium did not reach statistical significance (odds ratio = 3.38, 95% confidence interval is 0.47-27.60) in this small series. While no causal role can be inferred from our results, they support the theory that endothelial injury caused by cigarette smoking and other environmental exposures may be an early event in the process of atherosclerosis.
Benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) and other polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) which are present in cigarette smoke, are common air and food genotoxic contaminants and possible human carcinogens. We measured the following PAH levels: benzo[a]anthracene, benzo[b]fluoranthene, benzo[k]fluoranthene, BaP, dibenzo[a,h]anthracene, benzo[g,h,i]perylene as well as (+/-) syn and anti BaP diol-epoxide (BPDE) DNA adducts in autopsy samples from the lungs of non-smokers, ex-smokers and smokers who had lived in Florence, Italy. PAH levels in lung tissue were similar in all groups, with the exception of dibenzo[a,h]anthracene (DBA), which was higher in lung samples from smokers (n = 10, 0.18+/-0.17 ng/g d.w, mean +/- S.D.) compared to non-smokers (n = 15, 0.046+/-0.025 ng/g d.w) (P < 0.05), whereas ex-smokers (n = 5), had intermediate levels (0.07+/-0.03 ng/g d.w). The average level of total BPDE-DNA adducts was 4.46+/-5.76 per 10(8) bases in smokers, 4.04+/-2.37 per 10(8) in ex-smokers and 1.76+/-1.69 per 10(8) in non-smokers. The levels of non-smokers were significantly different (P < 0.05) from the levels of the smokers and ex-smokers combined. Total BPDE-DNA adducts were correlated with BaP levels in the lung samples in which both determinations were obtained (r = 0.63). Our results demonstrate that the biological load of PAHs due to environmental pollution is similar in individuals who smoke and those who do not, but BPDE-DNA adducts are higher in smokers and ex-smokers compared to non-smokers. This study further confirms the usefulness of BPDE-DNA adduct levels determination in the lungs from autopsy samples for monitoring long-term human exposure to BaP, a representative PAH.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts were evaluated in oral cells from 98 healthy volunteers by an immunohistochemical method using a specific antiserum against benzo(a)pyrene-DNA adducts revealed by the immunoperoxidase reaction. Mean adduct content, determined as relative staining intensity by absorbance image analyzer, was significantly higher in the cells from tobacco smokers compared with nonsmokers (330 +/- 98, n = 33 versus 286 +/- 83, n = 64, respectively) with a P = 0.013 obtained by two-sample t test with equal variances. We found that in the smoker group, the PAH-DNA adduct content increases with the number of cigarettes. Thus, the relative staining intensity was 305 +/- 105 in the group smoking 1-10 cigarettes/day (n = 16), 347 +/- 77 in the 11-20 group (n = 14), and 386 +/- 112 in the group smoking more than 20 cigarettes/day (n = 3; P = 0.03 by nonparametric test for trend). No significant association was detected between PAH-DNA adducts in oral cells and variables such as residential area, oral infections, alcohol or vitamin intake, grilled food consumption, and professional activity. This work confirms and extends previous data suggesting that this immunohistochemical method might be used as a valuable dosimeter of genotoxic damage in a carcinogen-exposed population, although further studies are needed to verify the applicability of the test in high-risk populations other than smokers.
The paper describes recent research on human DNA damage related to environmental and dietary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposures. The study populations either represent general populations of large geographical regions, or their exposure situation may have relevance to the general population. In Silesia, Poland, and Northern Bohemia, Czech Republic, where coal-based industry and domestic heating are the major sources of PAHs, significant differences have been observed in white blood cell DNA adducts and cytogenetic biomarkers between environmentally exposed and rural control populations, and significant seasonal variations of DNA damage have been detected. Bus drivers, traffic policemen and local residents have been involved in biomarker studies in Copenhagen, Athens, Genoa and Cairo, and differences have been measured in the level of DNA damage of urban and rural populations. Burning of smoky coal in unvented homes in Xuan Wei region, China, causes high PAH exposure of residents, which has been reflected in DNA adduct levels in different tissues. Indoor wood burning in open fireplaces did not increase human DNA adduct levels. Oil-well fires left burning in Kuwait after the Persian Gulf war created an unprecedented environmental pollution. However, insignificant environmental PAH levels were measured several miles from these fires. Aromatic and PAH-DNA adduct levels in white blood cells of US Army soldiers were lower during their deployment in Kuwait, than in Fulda, Germany, where they were stationed before and after serving in Kuwait. The contribution of dietary PAH exposure to blood cell DNA adduct levels had been demonstrated in studies in which volunteers consumed heavily charbroiled beef. Environmental tobacco smoke did not cause detectable changes, as measured by 32P-postlabelling, in DNA adduct levels in non-smokers. In the reviewed studies, observed DNA adduct levels were generally in the range of 1 to 10 adducts, and not higher than 40 adducts in 108 nucleotides. Typically, 1.5 to 3-fold differences have been detected in DNA adduct levels between the exposed and control groups.
This review describes a series of studies on the tumorigenic activities of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in various experimental animal model systems, their abilities to form PAH-DNA adducts in target tissues, and their abilities to mutate ras oncogenes in PAH-induced tumors. The review is limited to those PAHs that do not contain nitrogen, for which ras mutations have been detected in induced tumors, and for which some information is available about the structures of the DNA adducts induced in the target tissue. In general, PAHs that form DNA adducts at deoxyadenosine induce mutations at codon 61, whereas those PAHs that form DNA adducts at deoxyguanosine primarily induce mutations at codons 12 or 13. Those PAHs that induce adducts at both bases induce both types of mutations. These correlations provide evidence for the involvement of adduct-directed mutations in ras in the etiology of these tumors. The induced mutation spectra in ras may in fact point back to the identity of the type of adduct formed.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are environmental pollutants which may cause cancer and require metabolic activation to exert their carcinogenic effects. One pathway of activation involves the dihydrodiol dehydrogenase-catalyzed oxidation of non-K region trans-dihydrodiols to yield catechols, which autoxidize to form reactive o-quinones. As a step toward identifying the spectrum of PAH o-quinone-DNA adducts that may form in biological systems, depurinating PAH o-quinone-guanine adducts were synthesized. Naphthalene-1,2-dione, phenanthrene-1,2-dione, and benzo[a]pyrene-7, 8-dione were reacted with 5 equiv of 2'-deoxyguanosine (dGuo) under acidic conditions (1:1 acetic acid/water). The products were purified by reversed-phase HPLC, characterized by a combination of UV spectroscopy, electrospray ionization/tandem mass spectrometry, and high-field proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy, and identified as 7-(naphthalene-1,2-dion-4-yl)guanine (MH+, m/z 308), 7-(phenanthrene-1,2-dion-4-yl)guanine (MH+, m/z 358), and 7-(benzo[a]pyrene-7,8-dion-10-yl)guanine (MH+, m/z 432), respectively. Reaction at N7 of dGuo leads to cleavage of the glycosidic bond, producing depurinating adducts. Reaction of phenanthrene-1,2-dione with calf thymus DNA led to the formation of the corresponding depurinating adduct. The loss of modified bases in DNA generates apurinic sites which, if unrepaired, can lead to mutations and thus cellular transformation. These synthesized PAH o-quinone-N7-guanine adducts can be used as standards to identify such adducts in vitro and in vivo.
The aim of this study was to compare (+/-)-r-7,t-8-dihydroxy-t-9,10-oxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (anti-BPDE)-DNA adduct levels in groups of humans subjected to various levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) (benzo[a]pyrene) exposure. An HPLC/fluorescence method was applied to detect specifically anti-BPDE-DNA adducts in mononuclear white blood cells [lymphocyte plus monocyte fraction (LMF)] from humans exposed to PAHs. A total of 130 subjects comprised the sample population: 26 psoriatic patients (3 days after clinical coal tar treatment of the skin), 15 coke oven workers, 19 chimney sweeps, 36 aluminium anode plant workers and 34 non-occupationally PAH-exposed subjects (controls). PAH exposure was assessed in each group by means of the urinary excretion of 1-pyrenol (mean group levels: 1.2, 0.7, 0.3, 65.0 and 0.1 micromol/mol creatinine in coke oven workers, chimney sweeps, aluminium plant anode workers, psoriatic patients and non-occupationally PAH-exposed subjects, respectively). HPLC/fluorescence analysis of BPDE-DNA adducts showed that the percentage of subjects with adduct levels exceeding the 95 percentile control subject value (8.9 adducts/10(8) nucleotides) was significantly high in coke oven workers (46.7%) and chimney sweeps (21.0%) (chi2 test, P < 0.01 and P < 0.05, respectively) but not in aluminium plant workers (11.1%) and psoriatic patients (0%). The increase in BPDE-DNA adduct levels in LMF (Ln values) was significantly related to chronic inhalatory and high PAH exposure (linear multiple regression analysis, F = 6.37, P < 0.01; t = 4.2, P < 0.001). Skin acute (or short-term) and high PAH exposure, charcoal-grilled meat consumption and smoking habit did not seem to influence BPDE-DNA adduct formation in LMF.
Children in low-income families may have high exposures to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). Such exposures could result from household proximity to heavy traffic or industrial sources, environmental tobacco smoke, contaminated house dust or soil, among others. The objectives of this study were: to establish methods for measuring total PAH exposure of children in low-income families, to estimate the PAH exposures of these children, and to estimate the relative importance of the environmental pathways for PAH exposure. Analytical methods to determine PAH in air, dust, soil, and food and to determine hydroxy-PAH in urine samples were evaluated and validated. A two-home pilot study was conducted in downtown Durham, North Carolina (NC) during February 1994. One smoker's and one nonsmoker's household, which had preschool children and income at or below the official U.S. poverty level, participated. A nine-home winter and a nine-home summer study were conducted in Durham and the NC Piedmont area during February 1995 and August 1995, respectively. A summer study in four smokers' homes was also conducted. In each of these studies, multimedia samples were collected and analyzed for PAH or hydroxy-PAH. Summary statistics, Pearson correlations, and analysis of variance were performed on the combined data from these four field studies. An effective screening method was established for recruiting low-income families. The field protocol involved measurements of three homes in 2-day periods. This protocol should be suitable for large-scale studies. The results showed that indoor PAH levels were generally higher than outdoor PAH levels. Higher indoor PAH levels were observed in the smokers' homes compared to nonsmokers' homes. Higher outdoor PAH levels were found in inner city as opposed to rural areas. The relative concentration trend for PAH in dust and soil was: house dust > entryway dust > pathway soil. The PAH concentrations in adults' food samples were generally higher than those in children's food samples. Children's potential daily doses of PAH were higher than those of adults in the same household, when intakes were normalized to body weights. Inhalation is an important pathway for children's exposure to total PAH because of the high levels of naphthalene present in both indoor and outdoor air. Dietary ingestion and nondietary ingestion pathways became more important for children's exposure to the B2 PAH (ranked as probable human carcinogens, B2 by the U.S. EPA's Integrated Risk System), most of which are of low volatility. The analysis of variance results showed that inner city participants had higher total exposure to B2 PAH than did rural participants.
In order to assess bioavailability of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) present in soils, male laboratory rats were exposed to litters of control and polluted soils. After 88+/-2 h of exposure, several biomarkers were measured in both liver and lung. When rats were exposed to SIV soil, contaminated by a mixture of at least 13 PAHs, (1) only 2 or 3 PAH compounds were detected in liver and lung; (2) cytochrome P450-dependent monooxygenase activity, followed by 7-ethoxyresorufin O-deethylase (EROD) activity measurement, was highly induced in liver (13-fold-induction) and lung (up to 78-fold); and (3) DNA adducts were significantly increased. For what concerns soil artificially contaminated by only one PAH (phenanthrene or B[a]P), EROD activity was not or fully induced, respectively. These results demonstrate the occurrence of a high bioavailability of PAHs to mammals in natural conditions of exposure. First results concerning DNA adducts must be profound, but they already show that a short exposure of mammals to PAH-polluted soils can lead to potential genotoxic effects. EROD activity can be used as a sensitive biomarker in both liver and lung of rats maintained on litters of soils in the laboratory, and such a test can be used routinely to contribute to risk assessment.
OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to investigate exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) from asphalt fumes among Swedish road pavement workers and determine whether any effects could be detected with genotoxic tests. METHODS: The study included 28 nonsmoking road pavers and 30 nonsmoking referents. The concentration of PAH was determined in the breathing zone of the road pavers. 1-Hydroxypyrene was analyzed before and after shifts of asphalt work and during the afternoon for referents. Sister chromatid exchanges (SCE) and micronuclei (MN) were determined in peripheral lymphocytes. RESULTS: Several 3- or 4-ring PAH were found, and the analysis indicated that they occurred in bitumen fumes rather than in traffic fumes. The average total concentration of PAH was 2.3 (range 0.2-23.8) microg/m3. The concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine was higher for the road pavers than for the referents, but there was no significant difference between the pre- and postshift values of the road pavers. The road pavers had no significant increase in SCE or MN. CONCLUSIONS: The study showed that Swedish road pavers have an increased exposure to PAH from bitumen fumes, but no genotoxic effects could be detected by SCE or MN tests. 
Exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in 65 employees (40 sampled both in summer and winter, 15 sampled in summer only, and 10 sampled in winter only) with no occupational exposure to PAHs was assessed by measuring: personal exposure to pyrene, urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), and benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide adducts to hemoglobin (BPDE-Hb). Overall, office employees were exposed to significantly higher levels of pyrene in winter (4.54 +/- 2.35 ng/m3, mean +/- SD) than in summer (1.67 +/- 1.92 ng/m3, mean +/- SD; P < 0.001), but no such seasonal variability was observed in 1-OHP excretion. Tobacco smoking was the major determinant of 1-OHP excretion. BPDE-Hb adducts were measured by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry as benzo(a)pyrene tetrols (BPT) released from adducted hemoglobin. In the 65 employees analyzed, mean BPT levels +/- SD were higher in winter (0.14 +/- 0.38 fmol/mg Hb) than summer (0.031 +/- 0.022 fmol/mg Hb). This difference was not statistically significant, probably because of the small proportion of subjects with detectable adducts (11% in summer and 16% in winter). BPDE-Hb adducts were not significantly associated with sex, age, diet, smoking habits, or with pyrene levels and 1-OHP excretion. This is the first report providing reference BPDE-Hb adduct values for the general population not occupationally exposed to environmental PAHs and shows a tendency to seasonal variability, with higher BPT levels in winter when environmental PAHs are also high.
OBJECTIVE: The objective in our study was to quantitate benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) metabolites by a combination of immunoaffinity chromatography and high-pressure liquid chromatography (HPLC) with fluorescence detection in urine from workers exposed to high levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). Furthermore, by the simultaneous quantitation of 1-hydroxypyrene, the correlation between the B[a]P-tetrol and 1-hydroxypyrene would provide a means of evaluating the validity of 1-hydroxypyrene as a surrogate biomarker for occupational exposure to the potent carcinogen B[a]P in an electrode paste plant. METHODS: The study was carried out at an electrode paste plant that produces electrode paste for Söderberg electrodes. A total of 34 pre- and post-shift urine samples and 17 personal air samples were collected from 17 workers during a normal work week. The concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene was measured in all urine samples. A recent method of quantitating B[a]P-r-7, t-8, t-9, c-10-tetrol in urine of humans exposed to low levels of PAH has been described. A modified version of this method involving purification of urine samples on immunoaffinity columns and HPLC analysis with fluorescence detection was used on urine samples from workers exposed to high levels of PAH. A monoclonal antibody (8E11) with binding affinity to B[a]P-tetrols was used. This antibody also binds several PAH-DNA adducts and metabolites, including 1-hydroxypyrene. Gas chromatography/mass spectroscopy (GC/MS) was also used for identification of metabolites isolated by HPLC fractionation. RESULTS: From personal air sampling the mean exposure to particulate PAHs was 38 microg/m3. The mean concentration of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene was 3.9 micromol/mol creatinine in preshift samples and 10.2 micromol/mol creatinine in postshift samples. We could not identify detectable amounts of urinary B[a]P-tetrol by HPLC or fluorescence spectroscopy after purification on immunoaffinity columns. However, in the HPLC analysis we identified several hydroxyphenantrene metabolites that were detected at relatively high concentrations in all of the workers' urine samples. We could not separate 2- and 3-hydroxyphenanthrene (2 + 3-OH-Phe) in peak 1, and peak 2 contained both 1- and 9-hydroxyphenanthrene (1 + 9-OH-Phe). The phenanthrene metabolites were mainly conjugated to glucuronic acid and sulfate. There was a significant correlation between the 1-hydroxypyrene concentration and 2 + 3-OH-Phe (r = 0.73) and 1 + 9-OH-Phe (r = 0.64) in the urine samples. 1-Hydroxypyrene was measured in all post-shift urine samples but was not significantly correlated with workplace pyrene exposure, indicating that skin exposure is an important route of pyrene exposure in this factory. As with 1-hydroxypyrene, dermal PAH uptake may also account for the poor correlation between 2 + 3- and 1 + 9-OH-Phe and ambient phenanthrene. DISCUSSION: Since dermal uptake is likely to be important in occupational PAH exposure in addition to inhalation, estimation of total PAH exposure is best achieved by quantitation of PAHs excreted into body fluids. However, it remains unclear whether there might be a difference in uptake and urinary excretion of 3-ring, 4-ring, or 5-ring PAHs and in the correlation between these metabolites and ambient-air PAH measurements. In summary, using immunaffinity chromatography, we did not find detectable amounts of B[a]P-tetrol in urine from workers occupationally exposed to PAH. However, by an HPLC/immunoaffinity method, relatively high amounts of 1-hydroxypyrene as well as 2 + 3- and 1 + 9-OH-Phe were quantitated in the urine samples, both of which are relevant as biomarkers of PAH exposure. 
We determined the effect of postischemic injury to the human renal allograft on p-aminohippurate (PAH) extraction (E(PAH)) and renal blood flow. We evaluated renal function in 44 allograft recipients on two occasions: 1-3 h after reperfusion (day 0) and again on postoperative day 7. On day 0 subsets underwent intraoperative determination of renal blood flow (n = 35) by Doppler flow meter and E(PAH) (n = 25) by renal venous assay. Blood flow was also determined in another subset of 16 recipients on postoperative day 7 by phase contrast-cine-magnetic resonance imaging, and E(PAH) was computed from the simultaneous PAH clearance. Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) on day 7 was used to divide subjects into recovering (n = 23) and sustained (n = 21) acute renal failure (ARF) groups, respectively. Despite profound depression of GFR in the sustained ARF group, renal plasma flow was only slightly depressed, averaging 296 +/- 162 ml. min(-1). 1.73 m(-2) on day 0 and 202 +/- 72 ml. min(-1). 1.73 m(-2) on day 7, respectively. These values did not differ from corresponding values in the recovering ARF group: 252 +/- 133 and 280 +/- 109 ml. min(-1). 1.73 m(-2), respectively. E(PAH) was profoundly depressed on day 0, averaging 18 +/- 14 and 10 +/- 7% in recovering and sustained ARF groups, respectively, vs. 86 +/- 6% in normal controls (P < 0.001). Corresponding values on day 7 remained significantly depressed at 65 +/- 20 and 11 +/- 22%, respectively. We conclude that postischemic injury to the renal allograft results in profound impairment of E(PAH) that persists for at least 7 days, even after the onset of recovery. An ensuing reduction in urinary PAH clearance results in a gross underestimate of renal plasma flow, which is close to the normal range in the initiation, maintenance, and recovery stages of this injury.
To investigate the effects of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) on the human immune system, analyses were performed on T-cell subsets (CD4+, CD8+), B-cells (CD19+), serum immunoglobulin levels (IgG, IgM, IgA) and white blood cell percentages of 16 male workers who were employed in road paving operations and compared to 12 unexposed male controls. PAH exposure was assessed using urinary 1-hydroxy-pyrene (1-OHP) levels and was found to be significantly higher in workers than in the controls. While the CD4+ cell percentage and the CD4+/CD8+ ratio were significantly higher in the PAH-exposed group, the percentages of CD8+ and CD19+ cells were unchanged. There was also a significant enhancement in serum IgG levels and the percentage of monocytes in the workers compared to the control group. These data suggest that chronic exposure to PAHs may affect some immune functions in humans.
OBJECTIVE: Association between genetic deletion polymorphism of GSTM1 (*0/*0 or active) and levels of anti (+/-)-r-7,t-8-dihydroxy-t-9,10-oxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (anti-BPDE)-DNA adducts in the peripheral blood lymphocyte plus monocyte fraction (LMF) of PAH-exposed subjects was investigated. METHODS: A total of 94 Caucasian subjects comprised the sample population: 13 coke-oven workers, 19 chimney sweeps, 36 aluminum-anode plant workers, and 26 non-occupationally PAH-exposed subjects (controls). PAH exposure was assessed in each group by means of the urinary excretion of 1-pyrenol (mean group levels 1.2, 0.7, 0.3, and 0.1 mumol/mol creatinine in coke-oven workers, chimney sweeps, aluminum-anode plant workers, and control subjects, respectively). Anti-BPDE-DNA adducts were detected by HPLC/fluorescence analysis of anti-BPDE tetrols (tetrol I-1) released after acid hydrolysis of DNA samples. RESULTS: In coke-oven workers the percentage of cases with adduct levels exceeding the 95th percentile control value (4.4 adducts/10(8) nucleotides) was significantly higher in the subgroup with the null GSTM1 genotype (*0/*0) (100%) than in that with active GSTM1 (43%; chi 2 test, P < 0.05). In the other groups with different and lower levels of PAH exposure the percentages of positive samples were always higher in the subgroup with GSTM1 *0/*0 than in the active one, although the differences were not statistically significant. Univariate (odds ratio) and multivariate (relative risk) analyses showed that the risk of having high anti-BPDE-DNA levels increased with occupational exposure to PAH. Such risks, moreover, were further significantly increased by the lack of GSTM1 activity (RR = 5.94; CI = 1.15-30.7; P < 0.05). In coke-oven workers, chimney sweeps, and aluminum workers, respectively, the multiplicative effect of the null genotype with occupational PAH exposure gives risks of 162 (= 27.2 x 5.94), 10 (= 1.70 x 5.94), and 3 (= 0.50 x 5.94) times higher probability (risk) of high BPDE-DNA adduct formation than that of non-exposed subjects with the active GSTM1 genotype. CONCLUSION: Our results indicate a greater risk of anti-BPDE-DNA adduct formation resulting from occupational high-level PAH-exposure in GSTM1 null (GSTM1 *0/*0) workers. 
OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to detect polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA (PAH-DNA) adducts in single cervical cells collected during a routine Papanicolaou smear and to relate this carcinogen exposure dose marker to smoking habit. METHODS: An immunohistochemical assay, using a polyclonal antiserum raised against benzo[a]pyrene diol epoxide-DNA adducts, was performed to evaluate PAH-DNA adducts in cervical cells collected from 16 volunteers who smoked at least 20 cigarettes/day and 16 nonsmokers. RESULTS: The mean adduct level, determined as relative staining intensity by an optical density image analyzer, was significantly higher in smokers compared to nonsmokers (AOD x 1000 +/- SD = 98 +/- 32 and 73 +/- 25, respectively) (P = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: These results demonstrate that this immunohistochemical assay, much simpler than other methodologies used to evaluate PAH-DNA adducts in cervical tissue, is sufficiently sensitive for quantitative adduct evaluation in single epithelial cervical cells, as already verified for other exfoliated material. This work thus confirms that tobacco smoke is a risk factor for genotoxic damage generation in cervical cells and indicates a procedure likely adaptable to a large population screening. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous environmental pollutants with high carcinogenic potencies that have been linked to the etiology of human cancers through their presence in cigarette smoke and environmental mixtures. They are metabolically activated in cells by cytochrome P450 enzymes and/or peroxidases to reactive intermediates that damage DNA. One pathway of activation forms dihydrodiol epoxides that covalently bind to exocyclic amino groups of purines in DNA to form stable adducts. Another pathway involves formation of radical cations that bind to the N7 or C8 of purines to form unstable adducts that depurinate to leave apurinic (AP) sites in DNA. In the present study the proportions of stable DNA adducts and AP sites formed by the carcinogenic PAHs dibenzo[a,l]-pyrene (DB[a,l]P), 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA), and benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) have been investigated in a target tissue for carcinogenesis, mouse epidermis. After topical application of the PAHs on the skin of female SENCAR mice epidermal DNA was isolated and the formation of stable DNA adducts was measured by (33)P-postlabeling and HPLC analysis. AP sites in DNA were measured with an aldehyde reactive probe in a slot-blot assay. At both 4 and 24 h after exposure, DB[a,l]P formed significantly higher amounts of stable DNA adducts than DMBA, and B[a]P exhibited the lowest level of binding. In contrast, the number of AP sites present in mice treated with these PAHs was in the order: DMBA > B[a]P > DB[a,l]P. The level of AP sites was significantly lower than the level of stable adducts for each PAH. The most potent carcinogen, DB[a,l]P, induced the highest level of stable adducts and the lowest level of AP sites in epidermal DNA. These results indicate that stable DNA adducts rather than AP sites are responsible for tumor initiation by carcinogenic PAHs.
Humans are exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) from occupational, environmental, medicinal and dietary sources. PAH metabolites in human urine can be used as biomarkers of internal dose to assess recent exposure to PAHs. The most widely used urinary PAH metabolites are 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) or 1-hydroxypyrene-O-glucuronide (1-OHP-gluc), the major form of 1-OHP in human urine, because of their relatively high concentration and prevalence in urine and their relative ease of measurement. Elevated levels of 1-OHP or 1-OHP-gluc have been demonstrated in smokers, in patients receiving coal tar treatment (vs. pre-treatment), in postshift road pavers or coke oven workers, and in subjects ingesting charbroiled meat. This metabolite is found (at low levels) in most human urine samples, even in persons without apparent occupational or smoking exposure. Recent studies suggest that environmental exposure to PAHs (and air particles) is associated with increased excretion of 1-OHP-gluc or 1-OHP. These findings raise the possibility of using urinary concentration of 1-OHP-gluc, or another PAH metabolite, as a surrogate biomarker of exposure to airborne fine (sooty) particulate matter--the major source of PAHs in polluted air. Reported associations between ambient particulate matter concentrations and health effects among adults and children, including respiratory disease and mortality, indicate the need for biomarkers of fine particle exposure. If validated, such biomarkers would be useful in supplementing and refining exposure information obtained by ambient monitoring.
Urinary pyrene metabolites, 1-OHP and 1-OHPG, have been used as biomarkers for the assessment of occupational and environmental exposure to PAHs. This study compares the sensitivity and applicability of the different analytical methods of 1-OHPG for human biomonitoring of low level exposure to PAHs. Three analytical methods were compared: (1) HPLC method from that reported by Singh et al. (Singh, R., Tucek, M., Maxa, K., Tenglerova, J., Weyand, E.H., 1995. A rapid and simple method for the analysis of 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide: a potential biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure. Carcinogenesis 16, 2909-2915); (2) IAC-SFS method: the rapid and simple assay using IAC purification using monoclonal antibody specific for PAH-DNA adduct and PAH metabolites and SFS quantitation; and (3) IAC-HPLC method: IAC and HPLC separation and quantitation. The correlation between the IAC-SFS method, HPLC method, and the IAC-SFS method was determined in 20 first year-grade junior high school students (age 12-13) from Yochon, Korea who participated in a nationwide survey for the environmental disease surveillance projects in Korea. Chromatograms obtained by the IAC purification and HPLC quantitation method were clear with no interfering peaks adjacent to 1-OHPG, thus 1-OHPG could be easily quantitated. However, the HPLC method produced chromatogram profiles with many interfering peaks adjacent to 1-OHPG peak. The concentrations of 1-OHPG in 20 urine samples were similar when analyzed by all three analytical methods. The correlation coefficient between the IAC-HPLC and IAC-SFS methods was 0.915, and between the IAC-HPLC and HPLC methods was 0.844, and between the IAC-SFS and HPLC methods was 0.805. The analytical methods for 1-OHPG compared in this study showed a good correlation with one another. These results suggest that any of the methods can be applied to human biomonitoring of PAH exposure. However, SFS quantitation after IAC purification is rapid and simple because this method does not need HPLC separation of 1-OHPG.
The measurement of the pyrene metabolite, 1-hydroxypyrene, in human urine has been used to assess recent exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). The objective of this study was to see whether genetic polymorphisms in metabolic enzymes could explain some of the variation in urinary 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide (1-OHPG) excretion in relation to smoking. Forty-seven male hospital workers, who were not occupationally exposed to PAH, participated in this study. The urine samples were analyzed for 1-OHPG utilizing immunoaffinity chromatography and synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy. The analysis of GSTM1 and GSTT1 polymorphism was performed by PCR. The 1-OHPG concentration in the urine of the hospital workers was 0.57 +/- 0.85 micromol/mol creatinine, and ranged from 0.02 to 5.04 mciromol/mol creatinine. Cigarette smoking was significantly correlated with urinary 1-OHPG (r = 0.3976, P = 0.0056). The 1-OHPG excretion in GSTM1-deficient smokers was higher than that in GSTM1-positive smokers. On the other hand, 1-OHPG excretion was higher in GSTT1-positive smokers than in GSTT1-deficient smokers. It is important to note the variability of individual PAH metabolite excretion due to different GSTM1 and GSTT1 genotypes.
An on-line sample treatment method to determine 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), a metabolite of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), in human urine has been developed. The hydrolysed biological fluid was directly injected into the chromatographic system after only centrifugation. A miniature precolumn loop packed with a preparative phase and coupled on-line to a liquid chromatographic (LC) system was used for analyte enrichment. The analytes were non-selectively desorbed with the LC eluent and cleaned by means of a column-switching procedure comprising two purification columns and an analytical column. Pre-treatment and analysis were performed within 2 and 20 min, respectively. Average 1-OHP recovery reached 99% in the 1-25 microg/l range of urine, and the quantitation limit was 20 ng/l for 100 microl of injected sample. A comparison with a more time-consuming off-line method was performed by analysing 120 urine samples of PAH-exposed and expected unexposed workers; the statistical treatment indicated that both methods are in agreement.
Environmental contamination by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and human exposure were surveyed in the east Baltic region. Polluted and heavily industrialized areas are upper Silesia in Poland, northern Bohemia in the Czech Republic, and the northeast part of Estonia. In Estonia the pollution is in a defined geographic area, where lung cancer incidence is higher than elsewhere. In Silesia, exposure of some 5 million people appears to be elevated; DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid) adduct levels in white blood cells are increased in groups of residents with apparently only environmental exposure. By extrapolation, some 150 annual lung cancer cases could be predicted due to PAH in Silesia. Air levels of benzo[a]pyrene were increased in northern Bohemia, and domestic heating and power plants using brown coal appeared to be major contributors to particulate air pollution in winter. Further studies are needed to assess health risks of PAH exposure in central and eastern Europe.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous environmental pollutants, and some are potent carcinogens in rodents. Carcinogenic PAHs are activated in the cells to metabolites that react with DNA to form covalent adducts. For most PAHs the reactive, electrophilic species which bind to DNA, are bay-region diol-epoxides. Application of 32P-postlabeling to PAH-DNA adducts analysis revealed that for some PAHs the adduct profiles generated in model systems are more complex and include adducts which are more polar than those formed by classic bay-region diol-epoxides. This minireview summaries the information gained on typical representatives of polar PAH-DNA adducts. Formation of triol-epoxide-DNA adducts was proposed for chrysene and a non-alterant PAH, benzo[b]fluoranthene (B[b]F). 5-OH-B[b]F, the precursor of B[b]F triol-epoxide, was found to be a potent tumor initiator in mouse skin. For planar PAHs such as dibenzanthracenes the possibility of bis-diol epoxide-DNA adducts formation was suggested. The most comprehensive data were obtained for dibenz[a,j]anthracene (DB[a,j]A). This hydrocarbon when applied to SENCAR mouse skin forms up to 23 species of adducts, most of which are polar. Among these polar adducts seven were identified as derived from DB[aj]A-3,4-10,11-bis-diol. Analysis of tumor-initiating activity showed, however, that this proximate metabolite was inactive in this respect. In contrast, an excellent correlation was observed between levels of less polar DNA adducts (i.e. those derived from bay-region diolepoxides) and skin tumor initiating activity of DB[a,j]A. Thus, while triol-epoxides seems to be involved in tumor initiating activity of the parent compound, non alterant B[b]F, the significance of bis-diol epoxide-DNA adducts, at least those derived from DB[aj]A, is minor.
The structure of the non-bay region (8S,9R,10S,11R)-N(6)-[11-(8,9,10, 11-tetrahydro-8,9,10-trihydroxybenz[a]anthracenyl)]-2'-de oxyadenosyl adduct at X(6) of 5'-d(CGGACXAGAAG)-3'.5'-d(CTTCTTGTCCG)-3', incorporating codons 60, 61 (underlined), and 62 of the human N-ras protooncogene, was determined. Molecular dynamics simulations were restrained by 475 NOEs from (1)H NMR. The benz[a]anthracene moiety intercalated above the 5'-face of the modified base pair and from the major groove. The duplex suffered distortion at and immediately adjacent to the adduct site. This was evidenced by the disruption of the Watson-Crick base pairing for X(6) x T(17) and A(7) x T(16) and the increased rise of 7.7 A between base pairs C(5) x G(18) and X(6) x T(17). Increased disorder was observed as excess line width of proton resonances near the lesion site. Comparison with the bay region benzo[a]pyrene [Zegar, I. S., Kim, S. J., Johansen, T. N., Horton, P. J., Harris, C. M., Harris, T. M., and Stone, M. P. (1996) Biochemistry 35, 6212-6224] and bay region benz[a]anthracene [Li, Z., Mao, H., Kim, H.-Y., Tamura, P. J., Harris, C. M., Harris, T. M., and Stone, M. P. (1999) Biochemistry 38, 2969-2981] adducts with the corresponding stereochemistry and at the same site shows that this non-bay region benz[a]anthracene lesion assumes different base pair geometry, in addition to exhibiting greater disorder. These differences are attributed to the loss of the bay region ring. The results suggest the bay region ring contributes to base stacking interactions at the lesion site. These structural differences between the non-bay and bay region lesions are correlated with site-specific mutagenesis data. The bay region benzo[a]pyrene and bay region benz[a]anthracene adducts were poorly replicated in vivo, and induced A --> G mutations. In contrast, the non-bay region benz[a]anthracene adduct was easily bypassed in vivo and was nonmutagenic.
The objective of this study was to investigate a relationship between indoor air pollution from heating and cooking with coal-burning stoves and from environmental tobacco smoke (ETS), and the level of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH-PY). 1-OH-PY was analysed in children living in three areas of Silesia, a province in Poland. Urine samples were collected in winter, (1) from children exposed to ETS and smoke resulting from indoor coal-burning and (2) from control children. Airborne particulates had been sampled by use of stationary samplers by the Regional Sanitary-Epidemiological Station, Katowice throughout 12 months prior to the urine sampling. The urinary level of 1-OH-PY tended to increase in children exposed to ETS, but the increase was not significant. The concentrations of 1-OH-PY in urine of passive smokers were significantly elevated only in Bytom where an index of smoking parents of the studied children was highest as compared to other areas. Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) due to domestic heating and cooking with coal-burning stoves resulted in significantly increased levels of 1-OH-PY. The results of this study indicate that the uptake of PAH due to indoor air pollution strongly affected the level of 1-OH-PY and that the main source of PAH in indoor air was the household use of coal for heating and/or cooking. When the results associated with this kind of exposure were excluded, median 1-OH-PY levels from the three examined areas assumed a pattern more similar to that of the benzo(a)pyrene (BaP) concentrations in ambient air.
The frequencies of micronuclei (MN) in cytokinesis-blocked lymphocytes of 91 steel foundry workers were analysed. On the basis of ambient PAH levels at the work stands and 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in the urine, the coke-oven workers were the most exposed as compared to the rollers reference group. The difference in results for the two groups studied was not statistically significant, although MN were slightly higher for coke-oven workers. The frequency of MN did not increase with exposure: after some increase in 1-10 years, a decreasing tendency was observed.
OBJECTIVES: Percutaneous penetration of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) is affected by various factors connected to exposure conditions. The nature of the matrix, such as that of oil, can strongly affect their percutaneous penetration. Risk assessment should consider these effects. We examined the effect of matrix on percutaneous penetration of PAHs, particularly that of lubricating oil. METHODS: The test apparatus consisted of an in vitro static diffusion cell system using full-thickness monkey (Cercopithecus aetiops) skin as the membrane and saline solution with gentamycin sulfate and 4% bovine serum albumin as receptor fluid. Chemical analysis of PAHs in the samples obtained from cells was carried out by inverse-phase HPCL, and the results were read by spectrofluorimetry. RESULTS: Comparing the penetration of 13 PAHs from a lubricating oil and from acetone solution with artificial sweat resulted in a significantly slower passage from the oil matrix for acenaphthene, anthracene, phenanthrene, fluoranthene, naphthalene, pyrene, fluorene (Mann-Whitney U test, P < 0.05). No significant differences in the passage were found for chrysene because, in the test with oil, its concentration was very often below the detection limit. For benzo[a]anthracene, benzo[b]fluoranthene, benzo[k]fluoranthene, and benzo[a]pyrene it was possible to demonstrate a passage through the skin only when compounds were applied in acetone solution with artificial sweat. CONCLUSIONS: The results of the study suggest the necessity of dermal penetration data relevant for risk assessment, obtained under experimental conditions similar to the real exposure conditions. 
Understanding the kinetics of aromatic-DNA adducts in target tissues and white blood cells (WBC) would enhance the applicability of DNA adducts in WBC as surrogate source of DNA in biomonitoring studies. In the present study, rats were acutely exposed to benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P; 10 mg/kg body wt) via intratracheal (i.t.), dermal and oral administration. DNA adducts were analyzed in relevant target organs and WBC by nuclease P1 enriched (32)P-post-labeling at 1, 2, 4, 11 and 21 days after exposure. Additionally, the internal dose was assessed by measurement of urinary excretion of 3-hydroxy-B[a]P (3-OH-B[a]P). Total B[a]P-DNA adduct levels in WBC were highest after i.t. and oral administration, whereas DNA adducts were hardly detectable after dermal exposure. Highest adduct levels were reached at 2 days after exposure. In lung tissue, DNA adduct levels reached maximal values at 2 days and were highest after i.t., oral and dermal exposure, respectively. DNA adduct levels were significantly lower in WBC as compared with lung. Nonetheless, overall B[a]P-DNA adduct levels in WBC were significantly correlated with those in lung. In target organs, highest DNA adduct levels were observed in skin after topical application, and lowest in stomach after oral administration of B[a]P. Furthermore, DNA adduct levels in WBC were correlated with DNA adduct levels in skin after dermal exposure and stomach after oral administration of B[a]P. Two-fold higher levels of 3-OH-B[a]P were excreted after i.t. administration of B[a]P as compared with dermal or oral exposure. Urinary 3-OH-B[a]P concentrations were correlated with DNA adduct levels at the site of B[a]P application. Overall, it can be concluded that aromatic-DNA adduct levels in WBC can be applied as a surrogate source of DNA for the site of application of B[a]P and reflect binding to lung DNA, independently of the exposure route.
Carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), such as benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P), 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA), and dibenzo[a,l]pyrene (DB[a,l]P), are metabolically activated to electrophilically reactive bay or fjord region diol epoxides that bind to the exocyclic amino groups of purine bases in DNA to form stable adducts. In addition, it has been reported that these PAH can be enzymatically oxidized to yield radical cations that form apurinic (AP) sites in DNA via depurinating adducts. The formation of stable adducts and AP sites in DNA of human cells exposed to PAH was examined in cytochrome P450 (P450)-expressing mammary carcinoma MCF-7 cells and in leukemia HL-60 cells, which display a high peroxidase but no P450-mediated activity, after exposure to these PAH. Stable DNA adducts were assessed by (33)P-postlabeling/HPLC analysis, and the induction of AP sites in DNA was analyzed by an aldehyde reactive probe (ARP) and a slot blot method. After exposure for 4 h, the levels of stable DNA adducts were comparable in MCF-7 cells treated with B[a]P and DMBA, but significantly lower than those observed in MCF-7 cells treated with the stronger carcinogen DB[a,l]P. While the levels of stable adducts increased more than 10-fold (B[a]P and DMBA) or 100-fold (DB[a,l]P) after exposure for 24 h, the levels of AP sites remained low after both treatment periods. Thus, the levels of stable adducts were approximately 5-fold higher than the levels of AP sites after treatment with B[a]P or DMBA and more than 100-fold higher in cells exposed to DB[a,l]P for 24 h. None of these carcinogenic PAH formed detectable levels of stable DNA adducts or AP sites in HL-60 cells. The results demonstrate that metabolic activation of B[a]P, DMBA, and DB[a,l]P is catalyzed by P450 enzymes leading to diol epoxides that form predominantly stable DNA adducts but only low levels of AP sites.
Site-specific bay region benzo[a]pyrene (7R,8S,9R,10S)-N(6)-[10-(7,8, 9,10-tetrahydro-7,8,9-trihydroxybenzo[a]pyrenyl)]-2'-deoxyadeno syl, (7S,8R,9S,10R)-N(6)-[10-(7,8,9,10-tetrahydro-7,8, 9-trihydroxybenzo[a]pyrenyl)]-2'-deoxyadenosyl, (7S,8R,9R, 10S)-N(6)-[10-(7,8,9,10-tetrahydro-7,8, 9-trihydroxybenzo[a]pyrenyl)]-2'-deoxyadenosyl, and (7R,8S,9S, 10R)-N(6)-[10-(7,8,9,10-tetrahydro-7,8, 9-trihydroxybenzo[a]pyrenyl)]-2'-deoxyadenosyl adducts, bay region benz[a]anthracene (1R,2S,3R,4S)-N(6)-[1-(1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-2,3, 4-trihydroxybenz[a]anthracenyl)]-2'-deoxyadenosyl and (1S,2R,3S, 4R)-N(6)-[1-(1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-2,3, 4-trihydroxybenz[a]anthracenyl)]-2'-deoxyadenosyl adducts, non-bay region benz[a]anthracenyl (8S,9R,10S,11R)-N(6)-[11-(8,9,10, 11-tetrahydro-8,9,10-trihydroxybenz[a]anthracenyl)]-2'-de oxyadenosyl and (8R,9S,10R,11S)-N(6)-[11-(8,9,10,11-tetrahydro-8,9, 10-trihydroxybenz[a]anthracenyl)]-2'-deoxyadenosyl adducts, and the R- and S-adducts of styrene oxide were located in the ras61 oligodeoxynucleotide and examined with respect to electrophoretic mobility. The results were compared to NMR structural data, and to site-specific mutagenesis data and in vitro DNA replication assays for the same adducts. There was a correlation between adducts having lower electrophoretic mobility and greater disorder at the adduct site as monitored by NMR. The disorder combined with the lower electrophoretic mobilities suggested that these adducts induced flexible hinge joints in the DNA rather than static bending. Usually, these were adenine N(6) adducts having S-stereochemistry at the benzylic carbon. The results also revealed a possible role for the bay region ring in stabilizing adenyl N(6) benz[a]anthracene adducts with respect to hinging at the adduct site. On the other hand, there was not a simple relationship between altered electrophoretic mobility and mutagenesis or DNA replication.
Personal exposure to nine particulate-phase atmospheric polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) was assessed among adult non-smoking volunteers in the Grenoble, France, metropolitan area. Using Toxic Equivalency Factors, the associated total atmospheric PAHs lifelong cancer risk was estimated. For 48 hours continuously, 38 subjects without specific occupational exposure to combustion sources carried a PM2.5 particles personal exposure monitor while at home, at work, commuting, or involved in other activities. One phase of the study took place in summer; a second in winter. The monitor set was composed of a pump with an airflow of 4 L.mn-1, a 2.5-micron cyclone, and Teflon filters. The PAH concentrations were determined on seven PM2.5 filters by using high performance liquid chromatography with fluorimetric detection. The predominant PAHs are fluoranthene and indeno pyrene. According to the compound, the personal exposure estimates ranged from 0.13 to 1.67 ng/m3 (yearly means). The average benzo(a) pyrene value is 0.67 ng/m3 (95% confidence interval = 0 to 2.1 ng/m3). Winter exposures were 3 to 25 times greater than summer exposures. The total PAHs lung cancer lifelong risk is 7.8 10(-5) and is driven by exposure to benzo(a) pyrene. Although these risk estimates are 2 to 3 orders of magnitude lower than those associated with specific occupational exposures in the coal or smelter industries, they are of public health concern because they are spread over large urban populations. Further personal exposure studies in adult or children populations are needed.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous environmental pollutants; a number are carcinogenic. Metabolic polymorphisms may modulate susceptibility to PAH-induced DNA damage and carcinogenesis. This study investigates the relationship between PAH-DNA adduct levels (in maternal and newborn WBCs) and two polymorphisms: (a) an MspI RFLP in the 3' noncoding region of cytochrome P4501A1 (CYP1A1); and (b) an A-->G transition in nucleotide 313 of glutathione S-transferase P1 (GSTP1), resulting in an ile105val substitution. CYP1A1 catalyzes the bioactivation of PAH; the CYP1A1 MspI RFLP has been associated with cancer of the lung. GSTP1 catalyzes the detoxification of PAH; the val allele has greater catalytic efficiency toward PAH diol epoxides. The study involves 160 mothers and their newborns from Poland. Regression models controlled for maternal smoking and other confounders. No association was seen between maternal adduct levels and either polymorphism, separately or combined. However, adduct levels were higher among newborns with the CYP1A1 MspI restriction site (heterozygotes and homozygotes combined) compared with newborns lacking the restriction site (P = 0.06). Adducts were higher among GSTP1 ile/val and ile/ile newborns compared with GSTP1 val/val newborns (P = 0.08). Adduct levels were 4-fold higher among GSTP1 ile/ile newborns having the CYP1A1 restriction site compared with GSTP1 val/val newborns who lacked the CYP1A1 restriction site (P = 0.04). This study demonstrates a significant combined effect of phase I and phase II polymorphisms on DNA damage from PAHs in fetal tissues. It illustrates the importance of considering interindividual variation in assessing risks of transplacental exposure to PAHs.
Glutathione S-transferases (GSTs) are an important part of the protection system against a wide range of potentially harmful chemical compounds. GSTP1 and GSTM1 are mainly involved in detoxification reactions of PAH carcinogenic intermediates produced by cytochrome P450 (CYP). Polymorphism of the GST genes may influence the level of carcinogen-DNA adducts in human tissues and be associated with individual susceptibility to carcinogens. In this study, we examined the effect of common polymorphism in exon 5 (105Ile --> Val) of the GSTP1 gene, alone and in combination with GSTM1-deletion polymorphism, on the level of PAH-DNA adducts measured by (32)P-postlabeling assay in mononuclear white blood cells collected in winter and in summer from a total of 170 healthy volunteers. When GSTP1 genotypes alone were compared, no statistically significant differences in adduct levels were found. However, smokers with GSTM1(null)/GSTP1-AG or -GG combined genotype showed significantly higher adduct levels in summer than carriers of other GSTM1/GSTP1 combinations (5.60 +/- 5.10 vs. 3.45 +/- 4. 28/10(8) nucleotides, P = 0.015). Among smokers carrying GSTP1-AG or -GG genotype, individuals with GSTM1(null) genotype had a significantly higher level of adducts in summer than subjects with GSTM1(+) genotype (5.60 +/- 5.10 vs. 1.82 +/- 1.98/10(8), P = 0.002) and GSTM1(null)/GSTP1-AA genotype carriers (5.60 +/- 5.10 vs. 4.13 +/- 5.84/10(8), P = 0.03). When adduct levels measured either in winter or in the nonsmoker group were considered, no influence of GSTM1/GSTP1 genotypes was found. Our data show that the combined GSTM1 and GSTP1 genetic polymorphisms may modulate PAH-DNA adduct levels in mononuclear WBCs from individuals exposed to specific carcinogenic compounds, e.g., tobacco smoke, in relatively lower-exposure environmental conditions (i.e., in summer).
Five representative workers and two external observers were monitored by personal air and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (PyOH) sampling for a four-shift working week in an artificial shooting target factory. The targets (clay pigeons), are made from petroleum pitch and molded at 190 degrees C. No respiratory protective mask was worn. Atmospheric concentrations of pyrene and benzo (a) pyrene (BaP) ranged from 0.66 to 5.05 microg/m(3) and 0.037 to 0.270 microg/m(3) respectively with a mean pyrene/BaP ratio of about 20 and a correlation r = 0.51. Maximum PyOH urinary excretion ranged from 1.84 to 10.9 micromol/molCreat. This occurred at the postshift for the observers but often appeared later for workers: up to 10.75 h for the person with the apparently highest dermal exposure. The apparent PyOH excretion half lives ranged from 1.9 to 12.5 h with an arithmetic mean of 6.1 h. All these data were confirmed by additional measurements taken over a weekend after the postshift. The correlation between atmospheric pyrene and urinary PyOH concentrations (increase over the shift) was poor (r = 0.37). It improve greatly (r = 0.74) if the amount of pyrene inhaled over the shift and the corresponding amount of PyOH excreted were considered. The ratio of urinary excreted PyOH to the pyrene inhaled dose (with assumed retention of 100%), ranged from 0.18 to 0.70 (arithmetic mean = 0.34). This suggests that the respiratory tract is the main entrance route for pyrene (apart from the worker who handled crude targets without gloves).
Inulin and p-aminohippuric acid (PAH) clearances are used for the estimation of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and effective renal plasma flow (ERPF). A simple and rapid high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) method with UV detection is described for the simultaneous determination of inulin and PAH in the same chromatogram in the plasma and urine of humans. Plasma and urine samples were hydrolyzed with perchloric acid (0.7%) in boiling water. The mobile phase consisted of 0.01 M potassium dihydrogenphosphate with 0.02 M tetramethylammonium chloride and o-phosphoric acid (pH 3)-acetonitrile (94:6, v/v), pumped at a rate of 1.2 ml min-1 on a C8 reversed-phase column. Tannic acid was used as the internal standard and UV detection at 285 nm was employed. The calibration curves were linear over the concentration range of 12.5-100 mg l-1 for inulin and 6.25-50 mg l-1 for PAH with determination coefficients greater than 0.997. The method is accurate (bias < 13%) and reproducible (intra- and inter-day relative standard deviation less than 11%), with a limit of quantitation of 12.5 mg l-1 and 6.25 mg l-1 for inulin and PAH, respectively. Analytical recoveries from urine and plasma were ranged from 81 to 108% for both compounds. This fully validated method, which allows the simultaneous determination of inulin and PAH clearances, is simple, rapid (total run time < 10 min) and requires only a 200 microliters plasma or urine sample.
A high-performance liquid chromatographic method with fluorescence detection was developed which enables the simultaneous determination of the urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites 3-hydroxyphenanthrene, 1-hydroxypyrene and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene. The method has small solvent consumption because of the use of a microbore RP C18 column and a relatively short run time. Low detection limits of 0.02 nmol/l for 3-hydroxypyrene to 0.19 nmol/l for 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene were attained. In contrast, the detection limits of alpha-naphthol and 9,10-dihydroxy-9,10-dihydrophenanthrene were not adequate for the determination of environmental exposure. The developed method was successfully used for the analysis of urine samples from children.
Polycyclic and halogenated aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs/HAHs) are a diverse group of widespread and persistent environmental contaminants that can cause a variety of detrimental effects in vertebrates. As most available methods to detect these contaminants are expensive, labor and time intensive, and require large amounts of tissue for extraction and analysis, several rapid mechanistically based bioassay systems have been developed to detect these chemicals. Here we describe application and optimization of a recently developed recombinant mouse cell bioassay system that responds to both PAHs and HAHs with the rapid induction of firefly luciferase for the detection of these chemicals in whole serum samples. This chemically activated luciferase expression (CALUX) bioassay has been modified to allow rapid (4-h) and direct analysis of small volumes (25-50 microl) of whole serum in a 96-well microtiter plate format without the need for solvent extraction. This bioassay can detect as little as 10 parts per trillion of the most potent HAH, 2,3,7,8-TCDD, and is also sensitive to other HAHs and PAHs. The use of simple procedures corrects for interplate and intraplate variability and the Ah receptor dependence of the induction response is accounted for by use of the antagonist 4-amino-3-methoxyflavone.
Certain human biotransformation enzymes have been implicated in the formation and scavenging of the ultimate reactive metabolites, the diolepoxides, from polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). In the present study, performed on aluminum smelter workers, we have analyzed airborne PAH, the pyrene metabolite 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) in urine, and genotypes for biotransformation enzymes involved in PAH metabolism. The aim was to evaluate the correlation between external exposure and biomarkers of exposure and to investigate to what extent genetic polymorphism in metabolic enzymes can explain interindividual variation in urinary 1-OHP levels. DNA was prepared from blood samples from 98 potroom workers and 55 controls and altogether eight polymorphisms in the CYP1A1, mEH, GSTM1, GSTP1 and GSTT1 genes were analyzed. The 1-OHP excretion was found to correlate significantly (P </= 0.005) to the exposure. The interindividual difference in excretion of 1-OHP was vast (>100-fold) and univariate and multivariate regression analyses were used to find the variables that could determine differences in excretion. The variation could, to some degree, be explained by differences in exposure to airborne particulate-associated PAHs, the use of personal respiratory protection devices, smoking habits and genetic polymorphisms in the cytochrome P450 1A1, GSTM1 and GSTT1 enzymes. The part of the variance that could be explained by differences in biotransformation genotypes seemed to be of the same order of magnitude as the variance explained by differences in exposure. In the control group as well as in the occupationally exposed group, the highest 1-OHP levels were observed in individuals carrying the CYP1A1 Ile/Val genotype who were also of the GSTM1 null genotype. The results show that urinary 1-OHP is a sensitive indicator of recent human exposure to PAHs and that it may also to some extent reflect the interindividual variation in susceptibility to PAHs.
The fjord region diol-epoxide metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons display stronger tumorigenic activities in rodent studies than comparable bay region diol-epoxides, but the molecular basis for this difference between fjord and bay region derivatives is not understood. Here we tested whether the variable effects of these genotoxic metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons may result from different DNA repair reactions. In particular, we compared the repairability of DNA adducts formed by bay region benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) diol-epoxides and the structurally similar but significantly more tumorigenic fjord region diol-epoxide metabolites of benzo[c]phenanthrene (B[c]Ph). For that purpose, we incorporated both types of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon adducts into known hot spot sites for carcinogen-induced proto-oncogene activation. Synthetic DNA substrates were assembled using a portion of human N-ras or H-ras that includes codon 61, and stereospecific B[a]P or B[c]Ph adducts were synthesized on adenine N6 at the second position of these two ras codon 61 sequences. DNA repair was determined by incubating the site-directed substrates in human cell extracts, followed by electrophoretic visualization of radiolabeled oligonucleotide excision products. These cell-free assays showed that all tested bay region B[a]P-N6-dA adducts are removed by the human nucleotide excision repair system, although excision efficiency varied with the particular stereochemical configuration of each B[a]P residue. In contrast, all fjord region B[c]Ph-N6-dA adducts located in the identical sequence context and with exactly the same stereochemical properties as the corresponding B[a]P lesions were refractory to the nucleotide excision repair process. These findings indicate that the exceptional tumorigenic potency of B[c]Ph or related fjord region diol-epoxides may be attributed, at least in part, to slow repair of the stable base adducts deriving from the reaction of these compounds with DNA.
The aim of the study was to determine the exposure levels of workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on gasworks sites by the measurement of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene. Start-shift and end-shift urine samples were taken every day during an entire week (Monday to Friday), once in November and a second time in June. Four groups of workers were selected according to their activity. Increased exposure was only found among volunteers involved in the remediation of a site, 0.16 to 2.31 mumol/mol creatinine in non-smokers. The median of the non-smoker referent group was 0.02 mumol/mol creatinine (95% confidence interval, 0.01 to 0.04). Smokers had greater exposure levels than non-smokers in every group. Within and between variability was around 200%. Assessment of the exposure of persons on contaminated soil is possible, with the condition that the exposed subjects come in direct contact with the soil.
The described high-performance liquid chromatographic method with fluorescence detection (HPLC-FD) permits the simultaneous determination of 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene and 3-hydroxybenz[a]anthracene as the most important metabolites of the carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) benzo[a]pyrene and benz[a]anthracene in human urine. After enzymatic hydrolysis, to release the conjugated metabolites, the analytes are separated from the matrix by means of a liquid-solid extraction step which is followed by a coupled column HPLC procedure using an enriching precolumn consisting of silica modified with copper phthalocyanine. This special precolumn selectively adsorbs PAHs with at least three condensed rings and thus separates them from the urine matrix. The quantitative analysis was carried out using a switchable fluorescence detector. The detection limits were 6 ng/l urine (3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene) and 8 ng/l urine (3-hydroxybenz[a]anthracene). The relative standard deviations of the within-series imprecision ranged between 4.0% and 9.0%. The between-day imprecision was 7.7% (3-hydroxybenz[a]anthracene) and 12.9% (3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene). The recovery rates ranged between 102% and 124%. Using this analytical method we determined PAH metabolites in post shift urine samples from 19 workers engaged in the production of fire-proof materials. The urinary concentrations ranged from 3 to 198 ng 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene per g creatinine and from 15 to 1871 ng 3-hydroxybenz[a]anthracene per g creatinine.
In a field study with 69 subjects, we investigated the influence of smoking, exposure to environmental tobacco smoke (ETS), diet, and location of residence on biomarkers for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), including urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene and benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) adducts of hemoglobin and albumin. The self-reported smoking status and the extent of ETS exposure were verified by urinary cotinine measurements. ETS exposure was quantified by nicotine and 3-ethenylpyridine measurements on personal samplers worn by the nonsmokers over 5 or 7 days before blood and urine samples were collected. Smokers (n = 27), on average, excreted 0.346 microg/24 h 1-hydroxypyrene, whereas the corresponding value for nonsmokers (n = 42) was 0.157 microg/24 h. Average BaP adduct levels with hemoglobin and albumin were 0.105 fmol/mg and 0.042 fmol/mg, respectively, for smokers, and 0.068 fmol/mg and 0.020 fmol/mg, respectively, for nonsmokers. The differences, except for the hemoglobin adducts, were statistically significant. Of the 42 nonsmokers, 19 were classified as passive smokers. There was no significant difference in the PAH biomarkers between nonsmokers exposed to ETS and those not or rarely exposed to ETS. Total dietary BaP intake, as calculated from questionnaire data, did not correlate with any of the PAH biomarkers (r < 0.1). Subjects living in the suburbs tended to have higher BaP-protein adduct levels than subjects living in the city. Our findings suggest that diet and smoking are major sources for PAH exposure of persons not occupationally exposed to PAH, whereas the influence of ETS exposure is negligible. The lack of correlation between the dietary PAH intake and the PAH biomarkers may be due to the inaccuracy of the estimate for the dietary PAH intake.
Variability in the expression of enzymes metabolizing carcinogens derived from cigarette smoke may contribute to individual susceptibility to pulmonary carcinogenesis. This study was designed to determine the effects of smoking and 3 major cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes, i.e., CYP1A1, CYP1B1 and CYP3A, which metabolize polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) on PAH-DNA adduct formation in the bronchoalveolar macrophages (BAM) of 31 smokers and 16 non-smokers. CYP protein levels were determined by immunoblotting and PAH-DNA adduct levels by the nuclease P1 enhanced (32)P-postlabeling method. The expression of specific CYP forms was confirmed by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) from 10 additional samples. CYP3A protein, CYP3A5 by RT-PCR, was detected in the majority of samples from smokers and non-smokers. The levels of CYP3A appeared to be lower in active smokers than in ex-smokers (p = 0.10) or never smokers (p = 0.02). CYP1A1 was not detectable by either immunoblotting or RT-PCR. The expression of CYP1B1 was low or undetectable in most samples. The PAH-DNA adduct levels were higher (mean 1.57/10(8) nucleotides) in samples from smokers compared with non-smokers (mean 0.42/10(8) nucleotides, p < 0.001) and the number of adducts correlated with the number of cigarettes smoked daily (regression analysis, p < 0. 001). Higher levels of adducts were detected in samples from smokers with a high level of CYP3A compared with those with a low level (regression analysis, p = 0.002). As CYP3A5 is abundant in both lung epithelial cells and BAM, its association with adduct formation suggests that this CYP form may be important in the activation of cigarette smoke procarcinogens.
Ten polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) mainly with three or four aromatic rings were tested for their ability to induce DNA adduct formation in mouse skin. Four of these were selected to investigate adduct formation and loss over a period of 8 days. Three mineral oils were also examined for their adduct forming ability and one was selected for adduct formation and loss over a period of 8 days. In addition, fractions derived from the same oil containing 2-3- and 4-6-ring aromatic compounds were applied to mouse skin in a non-carcinogenic oil vehicle and adduct levels were observed over an 8-day period. It was found that PAHs that had no mutagenic, initiating or carcinogenic activity and those that had mutagenic activity in bacteria but no initiating activity in mouse skin failed to produce DNA adducts in mouse skin. Two of the three PAHs with initiating activity and both complete carcinogens produced clear evidence of adduct formation, the adduct levels produced by complete carcinogens being 100-1000 times greater than those produced by initiators. Examination of adduct formation and loss with the carcinogenic PAHs benzo[a]pyrene and 5-methylchrysene over an 8-day period showed a peak at 24 h and an apparent two-phase process of adduct loss. It is suggested that the first steep loss was due to DNA repair and that the more gradual subsequent loss was probably due to epidermal hyperplasia and desquamation. With the initiator 1, 4-dimethylphenanthrene (three rings) a peak of adduct formation was seen at 2 days and adduct levels were not reduced much by 8 days. This suggested that, with initiators, adduct formation and repair may be spread over a longer period than with complete carcinogens. With the whole oils, clear evidence of adduct formation was seen with both a carcinogenic non-solvent-refined oil and with a non-carcinogenic residual oil. The level of adduct formation with the residual oil, however, was much lower than with the carcinogenic oil. When adduct formation by the carcinogenic oil was examined over 8 days, the pattern of adduct formation and loss was similar to that of a tumour initiator rather than a complete carcinogen. Peak adduct levels on the diagonal of the thin-layer chromatography (TLC) plates seemed to occur at 1 and 4 days after treatment, with no clear reduction after 8 days. From examination of adducts formed by the 2-3-ring and 4-6-ring aromatic fractions, it appeared that the main adduct spots produced by the carcinogenic oil were due to the 2-3-ring aromatic components of the oil. Adduct spots near the vertical axis of the TLC plates were also seen with the 2-3-ring and 4-6-ring fractions. The relevance of these spots is uncertain, but if they truly represent adducts, the findings suggest that they are due mainly to 4-ring PAHs. The studies suggest that the activity of carcinogenic oils is largely due to substituted 3- and 4-ring polycyclic aromatic compounds and that more attention should be paid to substituted 3-ring compounds in predicting the carcinogenic potential of oils from analytical data.
Environmental carcinogens may play a role in the etiology of breast cancer, but the extent of their contribution is not yet defined. The aims of this study were to determine whether polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts could be detected in stored paraffin blocks of breast tumor tissue (n=147) with an immunoperoxidase technique and whether they correlated with smoking history and/or mutant p53 protein expression. There was no significant difference in mean relative nuclear staining intensity in non-smokers (444+/-90, n=75), ever smokers (435+/-91, n=72), and current smokers (456+/-98, n=35). In either current or ever smokers, PAH-DNA adducts were non-significantly elevated in those with greater compared with lower exposure in relation to age at started smoking, years of smoking, cigarettes per day, and pack years. DNA damage levels were not elevated in tissues with compared with those without mutant p53 protein expression. These data demonstrate that immunohistochemical methods can be used to monitor DNA damage levels in archived breast tissues.
A new synthetic approach to polycyclic aromatic compounds is described that entails in the key steps double Suzuki coupling of PAH bisboronic acid derivatives with o-bromoaryl aldehydes to furnish aryl dialdehydes that are converted to larger polycyclic aromatic ring systems by either (a) conversion to diolefins by Wittig reaction followed by photocyclization or (b) reductive cyclization with triflic acid and 1,3-propanediol. This synthetic method provides convenient access to as many as three different polycyclic aromatic ring systems from a single Suzuki coupled intermediate. It was utilized to synthesize substituted derivatives of benzo[s]picene, benzo[rst]pentaphene, dibenzo[b,def]chrysene, and 13,14-dihydro-benz[g]indeno[2,1-a]fluorene, as well as the putative carcinogenic bisdihydrodiol metabolites of benzo[s]picene, benzo[rst]pentaphene, and dibenzo[b,def]chrysene.
The aim of study was to assess the uptake of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) by children living in a city and its effect on 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) excretion. Two groups of children (n=11 and 13; 3-6 years old) were chosen: (1) a group from a kindergarten situated near a road with a high traffic density ('polluted' area); (2) a group from a kindergarten situated in a green zone ('non polluted' area). Food consumption was recorded in all children and PAH uptake from foodstuffs was estimated. Ambient air samples were collected on the playground and indoor of kindergartens during 3 days in summer 1997. Soil samples were collected on the playground. Urine samples were collected in the morning and in the evening. Mean outdoor total PAH concentration (sum of 12 individual PAH) in 'polluted' area was 12 times higher than that in 'non polluted' area (22.9 vs. 1.9 ng/m(3)). However, indoor concentrations were similar (3.0 vs. 2.1 ng/m(3)). The same trend was observed for pyrene concentrations. The contribution to the total pyrene absorbed dose from food consumption (estimated daily absorbed dose of 167 and 186 ng, respectively, in 'polluted' and 'non polluted' area) was much more important than that from inhalation (8.4 and 5.4 ng, respectively) in both areas. The estimated daily absorbed doses of pyrene from the soil were 0.061 and 0.104 ng in 'polluted' and 'non polluted' kindergarten, respectively, which correspond to 0.032 and 0.059% of the total absorbed dose. Higher urinary concentrations of 1-OHP were found in children from 'polluted' kindergarten. In conclusion, the food seems to be a main source of the total pyrene and total PAH uptake in small children, even under a relative high PAH air exposure in the city. Pyrene concentration in soil had a negligible contribution to the total pyrene absorbed dose. Usefulness of the urinary 1-OHP as an indicator of the environmental exposure to PAH needs further research.
OBJECTIVES: Assessment of external and internal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in a fireproof stone producing plant. METHODS: Five personal and four stationary air measurements were performed to determine the concentrations of benz(a)anthracene, benzo(a)pyrene, benzo(b)fluoranthene, chrysene, dibenz(a,h)anthracene, fluoranthene, phenanthrene and pyrene, in air. To estimate internal exposure, we determined the urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene, 1-, 2-, 3-, and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene, 3-hydroxybenz(a)anthracene and 3-hydroxybenzo(a)pyrene in 19 workers, using a sensitive and reliable high-performance liquid chromatographic method with fluorescence detection. RESULTS: During the production of fireproof stones, the German technical exposure limit (TRK) for benzo(a)pyrene of 2 microg/m3 was exceeded in two cases. The mean values of the sum of eight PAHs were 12.6 microg/m3 (stationary air measurement) and 22.2 microg/m3 (personal air measurement). Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion predominated, with a median of 11.1 microg/g creatinine (creat.), followed by 3-hydroxyphenanthrene (median 2.2 microg/g creat.), 1-hydroxyphenanthrene (median 1.9 microg/g creat.) and 2-hydroxyphenanthrene (median 1.6 microg/g creat.). 4-Hydroxyphenanthrene (median 0.3 microg/g creat.) and 3-hydroxybenz(a)anthracene (median 0.17 microg/g creat.) were found in far lower concentrations, while 3-hydroxybenzo(a)pyrene was found only in very low concentrations (median 0.014 microg/g creat.). No correlations could be detected for a relationship between external and internal exposure. A significant correlation between urinary metabolite concentrations could be calculated only for 3-hydroxybenz(a)anthracene and 1-hydroxypyrene. CONCLUSIONS: In comparison with other industries, the internal PAH exposure at workplaces in a fireproof stone producing plant is high. This is probably caused by dermal PAH-absorption. Therefore, biological monitoring must be performed in the health surveillance of fireproof stone producing workers. The urinary PAH metabolites should be determined: 3-hydroxybenz(a)anthracene could probably be used as a biomarker representing the group of carcinogenic PAH. 
Tobacco smoke constituents, 4-aminobiphenyl (4-ABP) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) possess carcinogenic properties as their reactive metabolites form DNA adducts. We studied the formation of 4-ABP- and PAH-DNA adducts in induced sputum, a non-invasively obtainable matrix from the lower respiratory tract, of smokers (n=20) and non-smokers (n=24) utilizing a semi-quantitative immunohistochemical peroxidase assay. Smokers had significantly higher levels of 4-ABP-DNA adducts as compared to non-smokers (0. 08+/-0.02 versus 0.04+/-0.01, P=0.001, density of immunohistochemical staining), and the levels of adducts were related to current smoking indices (cigarettes/day: r=0.3, P=0.04 and tar/day: r=0.4, P=0.02). Likewise, smokers had elevated levels of PAH-DNA adducts as compared to non-smokers, however, the differences was not statistically significant (0.13+/-0.02 versus 0. 08+/-0.02, P=0.07). The levels of PAH-DNA adducts were only significantly related to the amount of tar consumed per day (r=0.4, P=0.04) but not to the number of cigarettes smoked per day. Neither the levels of 4-ABP-DNA adducts nor those of PAH-DNA adducts were related to smoking history index (pack years). Further, the levels of 4-ABP-DNA adducts were correlated with those of PAH-DNA adducts (r=0.4, P=0.02). We conclude that immunohistochemistry of 4-ABP-DNA adducts in induced sputum is a specific approach to assess current exposure to tobacco smoke in the lower respiratory tract, however, in the case of PAH-DNA adducts, such analysis is less specific as it does not explicitly reflect the magnitude of the exposure.
1-Hydroxypyrene (HOP), a metabolite found in the urine of humans and laboratory animals exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), is known to be both acutely toxic and genotoxic. It has been widely used as a biomarker for studying PAH exposure. In this research, we have found that, upon UVA irradiation, HOP causes DNA single-strand cleavages and forms HOP-DNA covalent adducts. The UVA-induced cleavage of supercoiled plasmid PhiX174 DNA is dependent upon both HOP concentration and UVA dosage. A longer irradiation time or higher HOP concentration induces more DNA cleavage. Results of the photocleavage experiments carried out in the presence of reactive oxygen species scavengers, histidine, sodium azide, mannitol, SOD, and desferal indicate that both the superoxide free radical and singlet oxygen are likely involved in causing DNA single-strand cleavage. The photocleavage is inhibited by the presence of an excited singlet-state quencher, KI, indicating that it is an excited-state reaction. Along with light-induced DNA cleavage, HOP also forms DNA covalent adducts while being degraded upon light irradiation. Light-induced degradation of 20 microM HOP follows first-order reaction kinetics in a 10% methanolic buffer (10 mM phosphate) solution in the absence or presence of 40 microM calf thymus DNA, with degradation half-lives of 20 or 15 min, respectively. The shorter degradation half-life in the presence of DNA is due to the formation of the HOP-DNA covalent adduct. The formation of the HOP-DNA covalent adduct is evidenced by comparing the UV-vis absorption and fluorescence emission spectra of the pure HOP with those of the HOP-DNA adduct. The covalent HOP-DNA adduct produced due to irradiation was purified by either extensive dialysis (3 x 500 mL buffer solutions), phenol and chloroform extraction followed by ethanol precipitation, or chloroform extraction alone. The isolated HOP-DNA adduct has an absorption peak at 353 nm, which is 8 nm red-shifted compared to that of free HOP. The fluorescence emission for HOP-DNA is at least 70 times weaker than that for free HOP in solution. In summary, the findings with HOP reveal that, in addition to metabolic activation that eventually leads to the formation of alkylated DNA adducts or other forms of DNA damage, HOP may be activated by light to produce DNA single-strand cleavage and covalent DNA adducts. These DNA lesions can be sources of toxicity.
The mechanism of adduction of 2'-deoxyadenosine by styrene oxide and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon dihydrodiol epoxides has been explored using (15)N(6)-labeled adenine nucleosides. The extent of reaction at N1 versus N(6) was evaluated by (1)H NMR of the N(6) adducts after allowing Dimroth rearrangement to occur. Products arising from attack at N1 followed by Dimroth rearrangement exhibited a small two-bond (1)H-(15)N coupling constant (N1-H2 J approximately 13 Hz); products from direct attack exhibited a much larger one-bond (1)H-(15)N coupling constant (J approximately 90 Hz). In the case of styrene oxide, all of the N(6) beta adduct arose by initial attack at N1, whereas the majority (70-80%) of the N(6) alpha adducts came from direct attack. The styrene oxide reaction was also studied with a self-complementary oligodeoxynucleotide (24-mer) containing nine (15)N(6)-labeled adenine residues. NMR examination of the N(6) alpha- and beta-styrene oxide adducts isolated after enzymatic degradation of the 24-mer gave very similar results, indicating that N1 attack can occur readily even with a duplexed oligonucleotide. With the PAH dihydrodiol epoxides, only naphthalene dihydrodiol epoxide exhibited significant initial reaction at N1 (50%). No detectable rearranged product was seen in reactions with benzo[a]pyrene dihydrodiol epoxide or non-bay or bay region benz[a]anthracene dihydrodiol epoxide; interestingly, a small amount of N1 attack (5-7%) was seen in the case of benzo[c]phenanthrene dihydrodiol epoxide. It appears that initial attack at N1 is only a significant reaction pathway for epoxides attached to a single aromatic ring.
OBJECTIVES: Wood combustion is used as a major energy source in African countries and could result in indoor, pollution-related health problems. This exploratory study was undertaken to estimate polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) and carbon monoxide exposure in individuals living in traditional rural houses in Burundi. METHODS: Standard methods were used to determine indoor air concentrations of 12 PAHs, and carbon monoxide. The urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) was measured in occupants of traditional houses, and compared with that of individuals living in the town of Bujumbura, the capital of Burundi. RESULTS: Mean airborne concentration of four volatile PAHs, naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene and acenaphthene, exceeded 1 microg/m3, and that of benzo(a)pyrene was 0.07 microg/m3. Naphthalene was by far the main PAH contaminant, with a mean concentration (+/- standard deviation) of 28.7+/-23.4 microg/m3, representing on average 60-70% of total PAH concentration. Carbon monoxide mean concentration (+/- standard deviation) was 42+/-31 mg/m3, and correlated with total PAH concentration. Geometric mean urinary 1-OHP excretion (range) in people living in traditional houses was 1.50 (0.26-15.62) micromol/mol creatinine, a value which is on average 30 times higher than that of people living in the capital (0.05 (0.009-0.17) micromol/mol creatinine). CONCLUSIONS: It appears that the substantially high concentrations of the studied contaminants constitute a potential health hazard to the rural population of Burundi. 
Tobacco smoking is a major risk factor for oral cancer; mouth floor and buccal mucosa are among the most and least cancer-prone subsites, respectively, in the oral cavity. We investigated the applicability of immunohistochemistry of smoking-induced DNA adducts in oral cells for assessing the exposure to carcinogens, and estimating the risk for oral cancer. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts were measured in mouth floor and buccal mucosa cells of smokers (n = 26) and nonsmokers (n = 22) by means of a semiquantitative immunoperoxidase assay. Smokers had elevated levels of PAH-DNA adducts compared to nonsmokers in their mouth floor cells (0.045 +/- 0.022 versus 0.022 +/- 0.016, P = 0.0008 arbitrary units of immunohistochemistry) as well as in their buccal mucosa cells (0.058 +/- 0.028 versus 0.028 +/- 0.012, P = 0.001). Also, there was a correlation between the levels of PAH-DNA adducts in mouth floor cells and those in buccal mucosa cells (r = 0.4, P = 0.01). Furthermore, PAH-DNA adduct levels in both mouth floor and buccal mucosa cells were significantly related to current smoking indices (amount of tar and number of cigarettes consumed per day). Expectedly, the levels of PAH-DNA adducts neither in mouth floor cells nor in buccal mucosa cells, both being short-lived cells, were related to smoking history index (pack years). The levels of PAH-DNA adducts, however, in mouth floor cells as the cancer prone cells were lower than those in buccal mucosa cells (0.037 +/- 0.023 versus 0.044 +/- 0.026, P = 0.04). We conclude that immunohistochemistry of PAH-DNA adducts in oral cells can be used for exposure assessment of tobacco-related carcinogens, however, it cannot be used for oral cancer risk estimation.
A major goal in molecular epidemiology is to identify preventable environmental risk factors and susceptible subpopulations. In a hospital-based molecular epidemiological case-control study of breast cancer, we investigated the relationship between DNA damage from exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and susceptibility attributable to inherited deletion of the xenobiotic detoxifying gene, glutathione S-transferase M1 (GSTM1). Prior to breast surgery, women (n = 227) were enrolled and interviewed and donated a blood sample. PAH-DNA adduct levels were measured by immunohistochemistry in breast tissue samples retrieved from pathology blocks, and GSTM1 genotype was determined by PCR using WBC DNA. The GSTM1 analysis included 95 cases and 87 benign breast disease controls. GSTM1 genotype was not associated with breast cancer case-control status (odds ratio = 0.73; 95% confidence interval, 0.37-1.44). However, the GSTM1 null genotype predicted PAH-DNA adduct levels in malignant (beta = 0.407; P = 0.003) and nonmalignant (beta = 0.243; P = 0.05) breast tissue from cases. This relationship was not seen in tissue from controls (beta = 0.095; P = 0.341). When tissue from controls was compared with tumor tissue from cases, there was a significant case-control difference in PAH-DNA adduct levels among women who were GSTM1 null. There was no such case-control difference among women who were homozygous or heterozygous for GSTM1. There was an interaction between GSTM1 and case-control status on adduct levels in breast tissue (P = 0.002). The results suggest that genetic susceptibility to the formation of PAH-DNA adducts in breast tissue may play a role in breast cancer development.
The CYP1A1 and glutathione S-transferase enzymes (e.g., GSTM1 and GSTP1) are involved in the activation and conjugation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), respectively, and are controlled by genes that are polymorphic. The CYP1A1*2 allelic variant has been associated with elevated urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), a proposed marker for internal dose of activated PAHs, in coke-oven workers. We investigated whether this association could be observed at low exposure levels, such as those experienced by the general population. We conducted a cross-sectional study among 188 individuals (106 Japanese, 60 Caucasians, and 22 Hawaiians) who were selected as controls in a population-based case-control study and provided lifestyle information, a 12-h urine specimen, and a blood sample. 1-OHP was analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography after enzymatic hydrolysis. Lymphocyte DNA was used for PCR-based genotyping. Smokers excreted twice as much 1-OHP (geometric mean, 0.51 nmol/12 h) as nonsmokers (geometric mean, 0.27 nmol/12 h; P = 0.006). Overall and among nonsmokers, 1-OHP urinary levels did not differ by CYP1A1, GSTM1, or GSTP1 genotypes. However, after adjusting for age, ethnicity, and number of cigarettes per day, smokers with at least one CYP1A1*2 variant allele excreted 2.0-fold more 1-OHP than smokers with the wild-type genotype (P = 0.02). Similar results were obtained for the CYP1A1*3 variant allele. The present data add to the growing evidence suggesting that individuals with the (linked) CYP1A1*2 or *3 variant alleles have a greater capacity to activate PAHs from tobacco smoke and occupational exposure and, as a result, are at greater risk for PAH-related cancers, especially certain respiratory cancers.
In order to perform environmental risk assessments with regard to oil contamination in the sea, it is important to obtain knowledge about threshold levels for possible adverse effects in marine organisms. With this objective in mind, selected biomarkers were studied in Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua) chronically exposed to mechanically dispersed crude oil. The fish were exposed for 30 days in a continuous flow system to nominal concentrations of 0.06, 0.25 and 1 ppm North Sea crude oil. Fish were sampled five times during the exposure period. In addition, the 1 ppm group and the control group were sampled 1 week after the end of exposure. Polyaromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) concentrations in the seawater were analysed regularly by direct fluorescence and, at one occasion, by gas chromatography with mass spectrographic detection (GC/MS) measurements. Liver samples were analysed for parent PAH levels by means of GC/MS measurements, and PAH metabolites in bile were analysed by means of fixed wavelength fluorescence. Cytochrome P450 induction in liver was estimated by ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD) activity, and hepatic DNA adducts were analysed by the 32P-postlabelling assay. The parent PAH concentrations in liver showed peak levels 3 days after the start of exposure, followed by a reduction towards the end of the experiment. In contrast, the PAH metabolites in bile and EROD activity showed generally increasing levels throughout the whole exposure period, indicating an increased biotransformation efficiency. The level of DNA adducts in the 1 ppm group showed a stable increase during the entire exposure period. Only a slight, non-significant decrease in DNA adduct levels was observed after 7 days of recovery in clean water. Exposure-dependent responses were observed for all three biomarkers. The lowest nominal concentration of dispersed oil in water, 0.06 ppm, corresponded to a measured total PAH concentration in the water of 0.3 ppb. Atlantic cod exposed to this concentration showed increased levels of PAH metabolites in bile and a slight induction of CYP1A, as well as formation of DNA adducts when compared with control fish. Particularly noteworthy is the detection of DNA adducts at such a low exposure concentration of oil in water, which, to our knowledge, is a novel finding. These dose-response data may serve as useful contributions when assessing environmental risk with regard to marine oil pollution.
Trends of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) for 1992-1996 (cold season) and their mutagenic activity were investigated in organic extracts from the Santiago, Chile, inhalable particles (PM(10)). The highest PAH concentrations were observed in 1992 and declined dramatically in the following years. During this period, total PAHs decreased 85%, carcinogenic PAHs 82%, and benzo[a]pyrene, the most potent carcinogen, 85%. In spite of this significant decrease, PAH levels in respirable particles were higher than those reported in recent studies in Australia, Europe, and the United States. PAH profiles were analyzed by principal component (PC) analysis and Pearson correlation analysis. PC1 represents 71% of the variance, suggesting that most PAHs might originate predominantly from one main generic source. Higher correlations were obtained for the major carcinogenic PAHs. Most of the samples assayed were highly mutagenic to Salmonella typhimurium both in the presence and in the absence of metabolic activation system (S9), especially in the coarse fraction, but direct mutagenicity did not decline significantly. Incubation of calf thymus DNA with organic extracts from particulate matter and xanthine oxidase allowed the detection of five nitro-PAH-DNA adducts. Thus, nitroarenes might play an important role in the mutagenic activity of inhalable particles in Santiago, representing a high risk for human health.
Many individual polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are genotoxic carcinogens. One of the parent PAH, pyrene, undergoes simple metabolism to 1-hydroxypyrene. 1-Hydroxypyrene and its glucuronide are excreted in urine. Biological monitoring of exposure to PAH has rapidly been expanded since urinary 1-hydroxypyrene was suggested as a biological index of dose of pyrene. Since pyrene is always present in PAH mixtures, the biological indicator is not only an indicator of uptake of pyrene, but also an indirect indicator of all PAH. At present, several hundreds of papers reporting on urinary concentrations of 1-hydroxypyrene in workers' urine are available. It appeared that urinary 1-hydroxypyrene is a sound biomarker and that the analytical method is robust and non-laborious. Since epidemiological studies of cancer mortality related to long-term average urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration are lacking, a sound health-based limit value of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine cannot be set as yet. Since PAH exposure is widespread and the dermal uptake is substantial among exposed workers, an attempt was made to propose a three-level benchmark guideline for urinary 1-hydroxypyrene. The reference value as a 95th percentile in non-occupational exposed controls is 0.24 micromol mol(-1) creatinine and 0.76 micromol mol(-1) creatinine for non-smokers and smokers, respectively. This is the first level of the benchmark guideline. A no-biological-effect-level of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine of exposed workers was found at 1.4 micromol mol(-1) creatinine. It is the lowest reported level at which no genotoxic effects were found and therefore the estimate for the second level of the benchmark guideline. In two types of industry, coke ovens and primary aluminium production, the regression of airborne PAH concentrations and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in exposed workers has been studied. The correlation of airborne concentrations and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in urine of workers from coke ovens and in the primary aluminium industry was used to estimate the level of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene equal to the present occupational exposure limit (OEL) of PAH. The concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine equal to the OEL is 2.3 micromol mol(-1) creatinine and 4.9 micromol mol(-1) creatinine, respectively, in these two industries. These latter values present the third level of the benchmark guideline.
Several naturally occurring coumarins, to which humans are routinely exposed in the diet, were previously found to inhibit P450-mediated metabolism of benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) and 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA) in vitro, block DNA adduct formation in mouse epidermis and inhibit skin tumor initiation by B[a]P and/or DMBA when applied topically to mice. The present study was designed to investigate the effects of two of these compounds, of the linear furanocoumarin type, when given orally (70 mg/kg per os, four successive daily doses), on P450 and glutathione S-transferase (GST) activities and DNA adduct formation by B[a]P and DMBA in various mouse tissues. Imperatorin and isopimpinellin significantly blocked ethoxyresorufin O-deethylase (EROD) and pentoxyresorufin O:-dealkylase (PROD) activities in epidermis at 1 and 24 h after oral dosing. Imperatorin and isopimpinellin modestly inhibited EROD activities in lung and forestomach at 1 h and significantly inhibited PROD activities in lung and forestomach at 1 h after the final oral dose. Twenty-four hours after the final oral dose of imperatorin or isopimpinellin EROD and PROD activities remained inhibited in epidermis and lung. However, forestomach P450 activity had returned to control levels. Interestingly, imperatorin and isopimpinellin treatment inhibited liver EROD activity at 1 h, had no effect on PROD activity at this time point, but elevated both these enzyme activities at 24 h. Elevated EROD and PROD activities coincided with elevated hepatic P450 content. Imperatorin and isopimpinellin treatment also increased liver cytosolic GST activity at both 1 and 24 h after the final oral dose by 1.6-fold compared with corn oil controls. Oral administration of imperatorin and isopimpinellin also had a protective effect against DNA adduct formation by B[a]P and DMBA. Imperatorin pretreatment decreased formation of DNA adducts by DMBA in forestomach. Pretreatment with isopimpinellin led to reduced DNA adduct levels in liver (B[a]P), lung (B[a]P) and mammary epithelial cells (DMBA). These results suggest that imperatorin and isopimpinellin may have potential chemopreventive effects when administered in the diet.
OBJECTIVE: Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) has been used as a biological marker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), and urinary 2-naphthol is suggested as a new marker for route-specific exposure to airborne PAHs. We analyzed urinary 1-OHP and 2-naphthol concentrations in 292 male Koreans (129 university students and 163 shipyard workers) to define the distribution pattern in Koreans with no or low occupational exposure to PAHs. METHOD: Histories of cigarette smoking and the eating of PAH-containing foods were obtained by a self-administered structured questionnaire. Urine samples were collected and urinary 1-OHP and 2-naphthol concentrations were measured using high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). RESULTS: The arithmetic (geometric) means of urinary 1-OHP and 2-naphthol concentrations for all students, expressed as micromoles per mole of creatinine, were 0.04 (0.04) and 3.12 (2.22), for non-smokers 0.03 (0.03) and 1.78 (1.30) and for smokers 0.05 (0.03) and 4.36 (3.62), respectively. Among shipyard workers, the arithmetic (geometric) means of urinary 1-OHP and 2-naphthol concentrations were 0.69 (0.31) and 4.37 (2.62) for all, 0.27 (0.18) and 2.46 (1.16) for nonsmokers, and 0.97 (0.44) and 5.60 (4.44) for smokers, respectively. Mean urinary 1-OHP and 2-naphthol concentrations differed significantly between nonsmokers and smokers both in students and in shipyard workers. In smokers, some variables related to smoking habit were positively correlated with urinary 1-OHP and with 2-naphthol concentrations. The latter showed better correlations with the variables related to smoking amount than the former. None of the food-related factors was significantly correlated with urinary 1-OHP or 2-naphthol concentration. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that urinary 2-naphthol concentration is more sensitively affected by smoking status than urinary 1-OHP concentration and that urinary 2-naphthol is a sensitive marker for low-level inhalation of PAHs. 
The separation of five phenolic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites (hydroxy-PAHs) has been performed by cyclodextrin-modified micellar electrokinetic chromatography (CD-MEKC) using a 30 mM borate buffer (pH 9.0) containing 60 mM sodium dodecyl sulfate and varying concentrations of gamma-cyclodextrin (gamma-CD). A concentration of 12.5 mM gamma-CD was found to provide a baseline separation of the five hydroxy-PAHs. We applied conventional fluorescence and laser-induced fluorescence (LIF) detection, using a new, small-size, quadrupled Nd-YAG laser emitting at 266 nm. The best limits of detection, in the low ng/ml range, were achieved using LIF detection. For all analytes, linearity was observed up to ca. 100 ng/ml. As an application, conjugated pyrene metabolites in hepatopancreas samples from the terrestrial isopods Oniscus asellus and Porcellio scaber were separated and detected. Finally, flatfish bile samples from individuals exposed to polluted sediment or crude oil, which were part of an interlaboratory study, were analyzed by CD-MEKC with conventional fluorescence and LIF detection to determine the 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure (PAHs: (benz[a]anthracene, benzo[a]pyrene, dibenz[a,h]anthracene, benzo[b]fluoranthene, benzo[k]fluoranthene, indeno[1,2,3-cd]-pyrene, fluoranthene, chrysene, pyrene) of policemen on street duty in downtown Budapest and workers repairing the road (asphalting) at a traffic junction and their excretion of PAH metabolites (1-hydroxypyrene, 3-hydroxybenz[a]anthracene, and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene) were determined. As controls, health-care workers were investigated. In addition PAH pollution of the air of a factory processing asphalt was also measured. The measurements were performed on air samples gained using personal samplers and from urine of end-shift samples using a high-performance liquid chromatography method. It was found that PAH pollution of the most crowded and busy center of Budapest was similar to that of several other cities in the world. PAH exposure of road builders was actually not higher than that of policemen; the slight difference resulted from diverging life-styles. PAH metabolite excretion of smoking health-care workers, road builders, or policemen significantly exceeded that of the nonsmokers. The PAH metabolite values of the three groups engaged in various activities did not show any difference. It was concluded that cancer-related risk due to PAH compounds in the case of policemen on street duty and road builders (asphalting) does not exceed significantly that of workers not exposed occupationally to PAHs in the ambient air, but that smoking is a decisive factor.
The chronic effects of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) on ovary development, total hepatic lipids and plasma sex- and corticosteroid levels in female flounder (Platichthys flesus) were examined. Sexually mature feral female flounder were exposed via the diet to phenanthrene (0.5, 2.5 or 12.5 nmol/g food) or chrysene (0.4 nmol/g food) for 12 weeks, during the previtellogenic phase of the annual reproductive cycle. PAH exposure did not directly affect germ cell development since no structural and/or developmental differences were observed between control and exposed fish. On the contrary, all treatments resulted in altered plasma steroid levels. The most pronounced effect was the significant decrease in plasma 17 beta-estradiol to 19 +/- 11%, 27 +/- 7%, 63 +/- 20% and 61 +/- 12% in relation to control fish, respectively, in flounders exposed to 12.5, 2.5 or 0.5 nmol phenanthrene/g food and 0.4 nmol chrysene/g food. Impaired ovarian growth was not observed, most likely because experiments were ended before the period of vitellogenesis, even though a non-significant general decline in total hepatic lipids could be observed. Moreover, all exposed flounders, except fish fed with the highest amount of phenanthrene, showed a negative correlation between plasma 17 beta-estradiol and 17 alpha-hydroxyprogesterone levels (r = -0.46). One possible explanation is that PAH action may be mediated by a specific inhibition of steroidogenic enzymes. These findings provide evidence that selected PAHs are antiestrogenic xenobiotics with the capability to impair female teleost reproductive function.
This study was undertaken to determine the effects of occupation, lifestyle and the genetic polymorphisms of cytochrome P450 1A1 (CYP1A1), cytochrome P450 2E1 (CYP2E1) and glutathione S-transferases micro1 (GSTM1) and 1 (GSTT1) on the concentrations of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and 2-naphthol among Korean coke oven workers and university students. The study subjects included 90 coke oven workers and 128 university students. A questionnaire was used to obtain detailed data about the work area, smoking habits and food intake of subjects. Associations between urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) concentrations and occupation, smoking status, total airborne PAH level and genetic polymorphisms were tested. Urinary 1-OHP and 2-naphthol concentrations were higher in coke oven workers than in students and correlated significantly with work area. Urinary 2-naphthol concentrations increased with an increase in the level of cigarette smoking in students. Total airborne PAH level correlated with urinary 1-OHP concentration in coke oven workers. Urinary 1-OHP and 2-naphthol concentrations were higher in coke oven workers with the c1/c2 or c2/c2 genotype of CYP2E1 than in those with the c1/c1 genotype. Urinary 2-naphthol concentrations were higher in GSTM1-null workers than in GSTM1-positive workers. In multiple regression analysis CYP2E1 was a significant factor determining urinary 1-OHP concentrations in coke oven workers. CYP2E1 and GSTM1 were significant determinants for urinary 2-naphthol concentrations in coke oven workers and GSTM1 and smoking were prognosticators among university students. Urinary 1-OHP is a better indicator of occupational exposure to PAH in coke oven workers than 2-naphthol, whereas urinary 2-naphthol may be more sensitive for non-occupational inhalation exposure to PAH. In occupationally exposed populations CYP2E1 and GSTM1 appear to play an important role in the metabolism of pyrene and naphthalene. In individuals not occupationally exposed to PAHs GSTM1 and smoking seem to influence the urinary concentration of 2-naphthol.
OBJECTIVES: Internal polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure is usually studied by determining 1-hydroxypyrene in urine. In many studies, increased urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene have been found in smokers compared with non-smokers. The disadvantage of this procedure, however, is that it is based on only one substance. Therefore, in our study, urine specimens from smokers and non-smokers were tested for four monohydroxylated phenanthrenes in addition to 1-hydroxypyrene. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Spot urine samples from 288 non-smokers and 100 smokers were analysed for 1-, 2-, 3- and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene and 1-hydroxypyrene by a very sensitive high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) method with fluorescence detection. The detection limit of the method is 5 ng metabolite/l urine. The data were calculated on a creatinine basis (ng/g creatinine). RESULTS: Highly significant differences and dose-response relationships with regard to cigarettes smoked per day were found for 2-, 3- and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene and 1-hydroxypyrene, but not for 1-hydroxyphenanthrene. When the ratio of the sum of hydroxyphenanthrenes to 1-hydroxypyrene, and the ratio of 1- and 2-/3- and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene were taken into consideration, significant negative dose-response relationships to the numbers of cigarettes smoked per day, were found. CONCLUSION: 1-Hydroxypyrene as well as 2-, 3- and 4-monohydroxylated phenanthrenes in urine may be used as parameters to detect PAH exposure from cigarette smoking. Moreover, 3,4-oxidation of phenanthrenes was found to be enhanced in smokers, with a significant dose-response relationship. This phenomenon is thought to be caused by an induction of the CYP 1A2 (or CYP 3A4) monooxygenase system in smokers. Therefore, it may be recommended that monohydroxylated phenanthrenes be analysed in order to assess the balance between the PAH-metabolising cytochrome isoforms, and the activity or induction of cytochrome P450 isoforms, respectively. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are lipophilic organic pollutants occurring widely in the terrestrial environment. To study the transfer of PAHs in the food chain, pigs have been fed with milk spiked either with [(14)C]phenanthrene or with [(14)C]benzo[a]pyrene. The analysis of blood radioactivity showed that both PAHs were absorbed with a maximum concentration at 5--6 h after milk ingestion, similar to fat metabolism. The blood radioactivity then decreased to reach background levels 24 h after milk ingestion. Furthermore, the blood radioactivity was higher for phenanthrene (even if the injected load was the lowest) than for benzo[a]pyrene, in agreement with their solubility difference. These findings suggest that milk fat and PAHs were absorbed during the same time period.
Human and experimental evidence indicates that the developing fetus may be more susceptible than the adult to the effects of certain carcinogens, including some polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). Factors that can modulate susceptibility include proliferation rates, detoxification capabilities, and DNA repair capacity. Biomarkers can facilitate quantification of age-related susceptibility among human populations. In this study, we report on three biomarkers measured in paired blood samples collected at birth from 160 Polish mothers and newborns: 70 pairs from Krakow (a city with high air pollution including PAHs) and 90 pairs from Limanowa (an area with lower ambient pollution but greater indoor coal use). Biomarkers were: WBC aromatic-DNA adducts by (32)P-postlabeling and PAH-DNA adducts by ELISA (as indicators of DNA damage from PAHs and other aromatics) and plasma cotinine (as an internal dosimeter of cigarette smoke). Correlations were assessed by Spearman's rank test, and differences in biomarker levels were assessed by the Wilcoxon signed-ranks test. A significant correlation between paired newborn/maternal samples was seen for aromatic-DNA adduct levels (r = 0.3; P < 0.001) and plasma cotinine (r = 0.8; P < 0.001) but not PAH-DNA adduct levels (r = 0.14; P = 0.13). Among the total cohort, levels of the three biomarkers were higher in newborn samples compared with paired maternal samples. The difference was significant for aromatic-DNA adduct levels (16.6 +/- 12.5 versus 14.21 +/- 15.4/10(8) nucleotides; P = 0.002) and plasma cotinine (14.2 +/- 35.5 versus 8.3 +/- 24.5 ng/ml; P < 0.001) but not for PAH-DNA adduct levels (7.9 +/- 9.9 versus 5.9 +/- 8.2/10(8) nucleotides; P = 0.13). When analyses were restricted to the 80 mother/newborn pairs from whom the blood sample was drawn concurrently (within 1 h of each other), levels of all of the three biomarkers were significantly higher in the newborn compared with paired maternal blood samples (P < 0.05). Results suggest reduced detoxification capabilities and increased susceptibility of the fetus to DNA damage, especially in light of experimental evidence that transplacental exposures to PAHs are 10-fold lower than paired maternal exposures. The results have implications for risk assessment, which currently does not adequately account for sensitive subsets of the population.
We describe a synthetic strategy for the preparation of oligonucleotides using N(2)-alkylated and O(6)-allyl protected deoxyguanosine phosphoramidite building blocks derived from cis- and trans-opened (+/-)-7beta,8alpha-dihydroxy-9alpha,10alpha-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene and (+/-)-7beta,8alpha-dihydroxy-9beta,10beta-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene and from trans-opened (+/-)-3alpha,4beta-dihydroxy-1alpha,2alpha-epoxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydrobenzo[c]phenanthrene. The appropriately blocked phosphoramidite building blocks were obtained as mixtures of the cis- and trans-opened diol epoxide adducts upon initial reaction of the diol epoxides with O(6)-allyl-3',5'-di-O-(tert-butyldimethylsilyl)-2'-deoxyguanosine. Key to the present approach is the removal of the O(6)-allyl protecting group utilizing a palladium catalyst prior to release of the constructed oligonucleotide with ammonia from the solid support. The methodology described enables a very convenient access to oligonucleotides containing cis- and trans-N(2)-deoxyguanosine adducts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in different sequence contexts.
UNLABELLED: Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) increases the risk of developing lung cancer. Human exposure is often demonstrated by increased internal levels of PAH metabolites and of markers for early biological effects, like DNA adducts and cytogenetic aberrations. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess whether the current exposure to PAH of coke oven workers in a Dutch plant induced biological effects, and to determine if these effects are influenced by tobacco smoking and by genetic polymorphisms for the glutathione S-transferase genes GSTM1 and GSTT1. METHODS: Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHpyr) levels were used to monitor the internal dose, while the internal effective dose was assessed by monitoring PAH-DNA adducts, DNA strand breaks (Comet assay), sister-chromatid exchanges (SCE) and cells with a high frequency of SCE (HFC) in lymphocytes together with micronuclei (MN) in exfoliated urothelial cells. RESULTS: Occupational exposure to PAH resulted in statistically significant increased 1-OHpyr levels (P<0.001), but it did not cause a significant induction of SCE, HFC, MN, DNA strand breaks or DNA adducts. Smoking caused a significant increase of 1-OHpyr (P<0.05), SCE (P<0.001), HFC (P<0.001) and DNA adducts (P<0.05), but not of MN or DNA strand breaks. Following correction for the smoking-related effects, no occupational induction of the effect biomarkers could be discerned. Multi-variate analysis did not show a significant influence of GSTM1 and GSTT1 polymorphisms on any biomarker. Also no significant interactions were observed between the various biomarkers. CONCLUSION: This study shows that in the examined plant, the occupational exposure to PAH does not result in measurable early biological effects 
7H-Benzo[c]fluorene (benzo[c]fluorene) is a major DNA adduct forming component of coal tar in lung of mice. The present study evaluated the types of PAH:DNA adducts formed from different neat coal tar samples and soils contaminated with coal tar. Mice were fed diets containing coal tar either neat or as a contaminant in an environmental soil sample for 14 days, and the types of chemical:DNA adducts formed in lung were evaluated using 32P-postlabeling and HPLC analysis. Three major DNA adducts derived respectively from benzo[b]fluoranthene (B[b]F), benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P), and benzo[c]fluorene were detected in three of the four neat coal tar samples evaluated. In contrast, only a single major DNA adduct derived from benzo[c]fluorene was observed with the remaining tar sample. Ingestion of coal tar contaminated soil resulted in DNA adducts primarily derived from benzo[c]fluorene and B[b]F; a B[a]P derived DNA adduct was not detected. The DNA adducts derived from benzo[c]fluorene and B[b]F but not B[a]P were also observed with animals fed methylene chloride extracts of three of these soils but not the one designated A1000H soil. However, the extract of A1000H resulted in a B[a]P:DNA adduct being detected along with adducts formed from B[b]F and benzo[c]fluorene. The selective formation of the benzo[c]fluorene:DNA adduct with coal tar contaminated soils indicates that the in vivo systemic bioavailability and/or metabolism of benzo[c]fluorene is relatively high when compared to other DNA adducting hydrocarbons within coal tar. Benzo[c]fluorene may play a critical role in the potential of contaminated soil to induce a toxicological response in animals.
In the context of a large-scale molecular epidemiology study of biomarkers of genotoxicity of air pollution, 24-h mean personal exposures to airborne PM(2.5) (particulate matter <2.5 microm) and associated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAHs) were measured in 194 non-smoking technical institute students living in the city of Athens, Greece (an area with moderately high levels of air pollution) and the nearby small town of Halkida anticipated to have lower pollution levels. Extensive information relevant to the assessment of long-term and recent exposure to PAH was obtained from questionnaires as well as a time-location-activity diary (TLAD) which was kept by all subjects during a 4-day observation period. During the last 24 h of this period, subjects underwent personal exposure monitoring for PM(2.5) and PAH, while a sample of blood was donated at the end of this period. All subjects were monitored in this way twice; once during a winter season (October-February) and once during the following summer season (June-September). Nine subjects with plasma cotinine levels above 20 ng/ml were considered as unreported smokers and excluded from the study. Winter PM(2.5) exposures were lower in Athens (geometric mean 39.7 microg/m(3)) than Halkida (geometric mean 56.2 microg/m(3)) (P<0.001), while there was no significant location difference during the summer (Athens: geometric mean 32.3 microg/m(3), Halkida: geometric mean 32.9 microg/m(3); P=0.79). On the other hand, PAH exposures (sum of the eight carcinogenic PAHs) were significantly higher in Athens than in Halkida during the winter (Athens: geometric mean 8.26 ng/m(3), Halkida: geometric mean 5.80 ng/m(3); P<0.001) as well as during the summer (Athens: geometric mean 4.44 ng/m(3), Halkida: geometric mean 1.48 ng/m(3); P<0.001). There was a significant difference in the profile of the PAH exposures at the two locations, the proportion of lighter PAH (benzo[a]anthracene, chrysene [CHRYS], benzo[k]fluoranthene, and benzo[b]fluoranthene) being higher, and that of heavier PAH (benzo[ghi]perylene [BPer] and indeno[1,2,3,cd]pyrene) lower, in Halkida than in Athens, regardless of season. This difference appeared to be related to individual exposure to environmental tobacco smoke (ETS), as indicated by (a) the correlation at the individual level between the CHRYS/BPer ratio and declared time of recent exposure to ETS as well as plasma cotinine levels, especially during the winter; (b) the parallel variation of the mean levels of all three markers (declared ETS exposure, cotinine levels, CHRYS/BPer ratio) among three subgroups of subjects (Athens subjects who had lowest levels of all three markers; Halkida subjects other than those living in the institute campus area; and Halkida subjects living in the institute campus area who had the highest levels of all three markers). This demonstrates that ETS can have a distinctive effect on the PAH exposure profile of subjects exposed to relatively low levels of urban air pollution.
Green-lipped mussels, Perna viridis, were exposed to 0, 0.3, 3 and 30 micrograms l-1 (nominal concentrations) B[a]P under laboratory conditions over a period of 24 days. Mussels were collected on day 0, 1, 3, 6, 12, 18 and 24, and the levels of DNA adducts and DNA strand breaks in their hepatopancreas tissues monitored. Mussels exposed to 0.3 and 3 micrograms l-1 B[a]P showed marked increases in strand breaks after 1 day of exposure. DNA strand break levels in these mussels remained high and significantly different from the control values until day 3 for the 0.3 microgram l-1 treatment group, and day 6 for the 3 micrograms l-1 treatment group. This was followed by a gradual reduction in strand breaks. After 12 days, the levels of both groups had returned to the same level as that of the control. No increase in DNA strand breaks was observable in mussels exposed to 30 micrograms l-1 B[a]P in the first 12 days of exposure, but a significant increase was observed from day 12 to day 24. Increasing B[a]P concentrations resulted in elevated DNA adduct levels after 3-6 days of exposure, but this pattern of dose-related increase disappeared after 12 days. These results indicate that a better understanding of the complex interactions between exposure levels and durations is crucially important before DNA adduct levels and DNA strand breaks in P. viridis can be used as effective biomarkers for monitoring genotoxicants in marine waters.
Although the etiology of the majority of human breast cancers is unknown, environmental carcinogens are suspected to play a role. In this study, we investigated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in 78 breast cancer patients and benign breast disease patients with lifetime environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) compounds. Adducts were detected in paraffin sections by immunoperoxidase method using polyclonal antiserum and were quantitated by the image-analyzing system. A significantly higher level of adducts was found in benign breast disease as compared to cancer patients (P < .001; Mann-Whitney U test). Neither smoking nor genetic polymorphisms in glutathione S-transferase and cytochrome P450 influenced the level of adducts. This exploratory study demonstrates the usefulness of the immunoperoxidase method to detect PAH-DNA adducts in stored breast tissue and suggests further research on a larger population, including patients from both high- and low-pollution environments.
The levels of bulky DNA adducts were measured by (32)P-post-labelling in lymphocytes of 194 non-smoking students living in the city of Athens and the region of Halkida, Greece, once in the winter and again in the following summer. Personal exposures to particulate-bound polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) were significantly higher in Athens subjects during both seasons. There was hardly any diagonal radioactive zone in the pattern of DNA adducts observed. Highest adduct levels were observed in a sub-group of subjects living in or near the Halkida Institute campus, which was located in rural surroundings with a minimal burden of urban air pollution. The remaining Halkida subjects had intermediate levels, while Athens subjects showed the lowest levels. This trend, which was observed over both monitoring seasons, consistently paralleled the variation in three markers of exposure to environmental tobacco smoke (ETS), namely (i) declared times of exposure to ETS during the 24 h prior to blood donation, (ii) plasma cotinine levels and (iii) chrysene/benzo[g,h,i]perylene ratios in the profile of personal PAH exposure. Furthermore, among the Halkida campus area subjects (but not the remaining subjects) positive correlations were observed between DNA adducts and (i) measured personal exposures to chrysene or benzo[a]pyrene, (ii) time of declared ETS exposure and (iii) chrysene/benzo[g,h,i] perylene ratios. These correlations suggest that, for a group suffering minimal exposure to urban air pollution, exposure to ETS was a significant determinant of the observed DNA damage. Gender had a consistent and significant effect on adduct levels (males having higher levels), which remained significant even after multiple regression analysis. Habitual consumption of roasted meat was significantly associated with an enhancement of adduct levels and the effect was strengthened when only individuals unexposed to ETS were taken into consideration. No significant effects were observed for other dietary parameters or factors reflecting exposure to air pollution.
Epidemiologic studies indicate that prolonged exposure to high pollution levels is associated with increased risk of cancer, especially lung cancer. However, under conditions of moderate or low air pollution, epidemiologic evidence does not permit reliable conclusions. Biomarker-based population studies may serve as complementary tools providing a better understanding of the relative contribution of ambient atmospheric pollution to the overall genotoxic burden suffered by city dwellers. However, past efforts to apply biomarkers to studies of low levels exposure to urban air pollution have given inconclusive results, partly because of the absence of adequate data on personal exposure, covering a time-window which is appropriate for the biomarkers being examined, as well as a battery of biomarkers reflecting different stages of the carcinogenic process. In the present paper, the potential of biomarker-based population studies to aid the assessment of the genotoxic and carcinogenic effects of urban air pollution is reviewed by reference to the achievements and limitations of earlier reported studies. The design and methodology adopted in a recently completed large-scale population study, carried out in the context of the European Union Environment and Climate Programme, known by the short name of AULIS project, is discussed and descriptive statistics of the main findings of the project are presented. These findings indicate that for cohorts suffering moderate-to-low exposures to airborne particulate-bound polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), no simple correlation with biomarkers of genotoxicity existed and suggest that additional factors made a significant contribution to the overall genotoxic burden.
OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to assess the intake (by various routes of exposure) of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) by children living in a Czech city, and its effect on excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) in summer and winter periods. METHODS: Four groups of children (3-6 years old) were chosen: (1) two groups from a kindergarten situated in the city center with a higher traffic density ("polluted" area); (2) two groups from a kindergarten situated in a green zone of the same city ("non-polluted" area). Food consumption was recorded in all children and PAH intake from foodstuffs was estimated. Ambient air samples were collected from the playground and inside the kindergartens. Soil samples were collected too. Morning and evening urine samples were collected during sampling days. RESULTS: In both seasons, the mean outdoor total PAH concentration (sum of 12 individual PAH) in the -polluted" area was approximately three-times higher than that in the "non-polluted" area. Indoor concentration in the "polluted" area was more than six-times higher than that in the "non-polluted" area in summer, and almost three-times higher in winter. The same trend was observed for pyrene and for the sum of carcinogenic PAH. The contribution to the total pyrene absorbed dose from food consumption was much more important than that from inhalation and from ingestion of soil dust. Significantly higher urinary concentrations of 1-OHP (evening samples) were found in children from the "polluted" kindergarten in both seasons. The number of significant relationships between 1-OHP and pyrene absorbed dose was weak. CONCLUSIONS: Food seems to be the main source of total pyrene and total PAH intake in small children, even under relatively higher air PAH exposure in the city. Estimated pyrene ingestion from soil had a negligible contribution to the total pyrene absorbed dose. Urinary 1-OHP seems to be an uncertain (non-sensitive) marker of the environmental inhalation exposure to pyrene (PAH) if the pollution of air by pyrene (PAH) is not excessive and the pyrene (PAH) dose by this route is much less than by ingestion. Usefulness of the urinary 1-OHP as an indicator of overall environmental exposure to PAH needs further investigation. 
Para-aminohippuric acid (PAH), an indicator of renal plasma flow, is a commonly used marker of organic anion transport by the kidney. An analytical method for PAH using HPLC was developed. The method is simple, fast and requires a minimum amount of organic solvent. Sample preparation involved protein precipitation with zinc sulfate. Para-amino benzoic acid was utilized as an internal standard (IS). Chromatography was performed using a reversed-phase phenyl column with UV detection at a wavelength of 254 nm. Mobile phase consisted of 0.1 M acetic acid and acetonitrile (99:1) at a flow rate of 1 ml/min. The assay was validated over a standard concentration range from 1 to 25 microg/ml. Accuracy, precision, reproducibility and specificity of the method was established with coefficients of variation <10%. The method was sensitive and showed linear response in peak height ratio (analyte:IS) over the concentration range studied (r(2)>0.99). The assay was used to study the effect of aging on PAH excretion in the isolated perfused rat kidney model. Experiments were conducted in kidneys from young (2-3 months, n=6), adult (6-9 months, n=5) and aged (12-16 months, n=3) male Sprague-Dawley rats at an initial drug concentration of 20 microg/ml. Significant differences in kidney function (e.g. glomerular filtration rate and glucose reabsorption) were observed in aged kidneys. Despite a 5-fold reduction in glomerular filtration rate, PAH renal clearance (kidney weight-corrected) decreased by only 2-fold in aged (2.2+/-0.42 ml/min per gram) compared to young (4.6+/-0.70 ml/min per gram, P<0.05) rats. Furthermore, renal excretion ratio was significantly higher in aged rats (27+/-8.0 vs. 15+/-5.0, P<0.05). These preliminary findings challenge the 'Whole Nephron Hypothesis' that assumes parallel reductions in renal filtration and secretory capacity secondary to disease or aging.
OBJECTIVES: To investigate the influence of personal lifestyle--such as smoking and alcohol consumption-on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) concentrations in coke oven workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and to evaluate the association of 1-OHP concentrations with the genetic polymorphism of several metabolic enzymes including cytochrome P-450 (CYP) 1A1 and glutathione S-tranferases (GSTs). METHODS: The study population contained 162 coke oven workers and 58 controls employed at the largest iron and steel factory in China. Personal data were collected at the interview. 1-OHP in urine was measured with high performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection. Genetic polymorphisms were identified by the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) method. RESULTS: A positive association between excretion of urinary 1-OHP and the levels of exposure to PAHs was confirmed. Those people who consumed >or=50 g/day ethanol had significantly higher 1-OHP excretion than did other coke oven workers (p<0.01). No significant difference in urinary 1-OHP was found between smokers and non-smokers, in both controls and exposed subjects. The variant homozygotes at exon 7 of the CYP1A1 gene had significantly higher urinary 1-OHP concentrations than other CYP1A1 genotypes among the exposed workers (p=0.03). There was less association between the concentrations of 1-OHP and the GSTM1, GSTP1, or GSTT1 polymorphism. CONCLUSIONS: The present study confirmed that urinary 1-OHP is a good biomarker for exposure to PAHs. Alcohol consumption affected urinary 1-OHP excretion. The variant genotypes of the CYP1A1 gene may result in the enhancement of PAH metabolites. It is helpful to understand the role of individual susceptibility on metabolism of carcinogens. These findings suggest that the modulating effect of individual lifestyle factors or genetic nature should be considered in future studies on occupational exposure to PAHs and in evaluating the health risk from harmful chemicals. 
This study was undertaken to investigate the effects of genetic polymorphisms of the cytochrome P450 1A1 (CYP1A1) and 2E1 (CYP2E1), and glutathione S-transferases mu (GSTM1) and theta (GSTT1) on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol levels, and to estimate the level of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in aircraft maintenance workers. In 218 Korean aircraft maintenance workers, the geometric means of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol were 0.32 and 3.25 micromol/mol creatinine, respectively. These urinary concentrations were approximately at the upper limit of the general population. Mean urinary 2-naphthol concentrations were significantly different between smokers and non-smokers. CYP1A1 and GSTM1 were statistically significant in analyses on both 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol levels among smokers. The results suggest that smoking has more profound effects on urinary PAH metabolites than does genetic polymorphisms in this population, and that CYP1A1 and GSTM1 activity might be related to the metabolism of 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol.
OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to evaluate the environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in nonsmoking adult subjects living in the vicinity of a creosote impregnation plant in Delson, Canada. Urinary metabolites of naphthalene, alpha- and beta-naphthol, and pyrene metabolite 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), were used as biomarkers of exposure. METHODS: Morning and evening urine samples were collected in mid-August from 30 exposed individuals living at a distance of 50-360 m downwind of the plant and from a control group in the adjoining municipality residing at a distance of 1.9-2.7 km upwind of the plant. Metabolites were measured by gas chromatography/ mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Excretion values of alpha- and beta-naphthol were significantly higher in the exposed group than in controls (P < 0.04), after accounting for possible confounding variables by multivariate analyses. The respective geometric mean concentrations (5th and 95th percentiles) of alpha-naphthol for the exposed and nonexposed groups were 2.04 (0.55-6.00) and 1.37 (0.39-7.02) micromol/mol creatinine for evening samples, and 2.49 (0.77-8.43) and 1.17 (0.37-6.88) micromol/mol creatinine for morning samples. Corresponding values for beta-naphthol were 1.78 (0.82-3.67) and 1.36 (0.63-5.07) micromol/mol creatinine for evening samples, and 1.94 (1.03-4.96) and 1.08 (0.49-5.05) micromol/mol creatinine for morning samples. On the other hand, no significant difference in 1-OHP excretion was observed between the exposed and the control group (P>0.5). The respective geometric mean concentrations (5th and 95th percentiles) of 1-OHP for these groups were 0.05 (0.01-0.17) and 0.06 (0.01-0.48) micromol/mol creatinine for evening samples, and 0.05 (0.02-0.12) and 0.05 (0.01-0.42) micromol/mol creatinine for morning samples. CONCLUSIONS: The measurement of alpha- and beta-naphthol urinary concentrations appears to be an approach sufficiently sensitive to reveal differences in low exposure levels of volatile PAHs due to creosote impregnation plant emissions. However, uptake of pyrene due to the plant was too small to contribute significantly to 1-OHP excretion. 
Epidemiological surveys in occupationally exposed populations postulate that long-term exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) is carcinogenic. We studied the ability of PAHs to induce the formation of adducts in the DNA of white blood cells of petrol refinery workers exposed at the workplace. Our study included a random sample of 56 workers exposed to PAHs and 37 non-exposed workers. In the univariate analysis, the DNA adduct level of PAH-exposed workers (42.22 +/- 45.11) was significantly increased (P < 0.05) compared with that in the non-exposed group (20.90 +/- 22.56). However, we could not identify either current smoking or absence of glutathione S-transferase class Mu as possible risk factors for DNA adducts. Linear regression analysis identified degree of exposure to PAHs as the only DNA adducts risk factor. Further research with a larger sample size is under investigation to identify the DNA adduct levels and relationship between the different types of PAHs.
The exposure to DNA reactive carcinogens is known to elicit a specific humoral immunological response, with the production of antibodies toward the carcinogen adducts. Consequently, the presence of circulating anti-carcinogen antibodies has been proposed as a marker of carcinogen exposure, and as a potential modulating factor in chemical carcinogenesis. In this work, the presence of serum antibodies to 7beta,8alpha-dihydroxy-9alpha10alpha-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene-DNA (BPDE-DNA) adducts was determined in two groups of workers occupationally exposed to low doses of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), i.e. policemen (194 subjects) and workers in the aluminum industry (105 subjects). Specific anti BPDE-DNA antibodies were detected in 5.7% (11/194) of policemen and 13.3% (14/105) of aluminium industry workers. Among policemen, a small, not significant (p=0.09), prevalence of positives was observed in traffic wardens compared to office workers. A borderline significant (p=0.052) prevalence of positives was also observed in heavy smokers compared to light smokers among aluminium industry workers. These results basically support previous findings on the association between chronic exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and formation of anti-BPDE-DNA antibodies, even though such association appears to be weak, possibly biased by individual factors which are still largely unidentified.
A new, rapid method for selective extraction of hydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons metabolites (OH-PAHs) in human urine was developed using an immunosorbent of anti-pyrene antibodies which were encapsulated in a sol-gel glass (SGG) matrix. Resulting chromatograms after immunoextraction of urine samples and HPLC analysis of the extracts were free from matrix interferences. The LODs for the determination of OH-PAHs in these difficult samples were in the low-ppt range (1-16 ng/L). In addition to its high selectivity, the immunosorbent proved to be robust and reusable. Obtained recoveries in spiked urine samples ranged from 83 to 107% for the hydroxyphenanthrene and hydroxypyrene compounds under investigation, while recovery for 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene was only 45-62%. In a biomonitoring study, the SGG immunosorbent was successfully used for trace-level analysis of OH-PAHs in 20 human urine samples. Results were compared to data obtained by an independent reference analysis method and revealed good correlation between both methods.
The present study in the Firth of Forth, Scotland, emphasises the usefulness of biliary metabolite measurements in estuarine monitoring using the flounder (Platichthys flesus). The short time scale (a few hours) of response to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure, allowed clearer interpretation of trends and differences between sites. Such differences and trends in the metabolite data were not as apparent from 7-ethoxyresorufin O-deethlyation (EROD) activity measurements, which were likely to have been blurred by the movements of flounder between sites. Statistical differences were not observed in EROD activity in flounder from the Firth of Forth (ANOVA, P = 0.065). The biliary metabolites showed statistical differences between the uppermost site of Longannet and Port Edgar, in the outer Firth, for both the 1-OH pyrene and 2-OH naphthalene metabolites (ANOVA, Tukeys, P = 0.012 and 0.022 respectively). There was also a significant correlation between the concentrations of all three individual metabolites (1-OH pyrene, 2-OH naphthalene, I-OH phenanthrene) and the log of the distance downstream from the major PAH input sources of Longannet power station and Grangemouth. Biliary PAH metabolites were shown to better reflect local contamination gradients than EROD activity. This is explained by the relative response times of the two biomarkers and local movements of the flounder in the estuary.
Waste incinerating workers are exposed to various pyrolysis products including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). We examined their PAH exposure by assessing urinary 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide (1-OHPG), as a measure of internal dose, and aromatic DNA adducts in peripheral white blood cells (WBCs), as a measure of biological effect dose. The potential effect of genetic polymorphisms of three enzymes involved in PAH metabolisms (i.e., CYP1A1, GSTM1, and GSTT1) on these exposure markers was also investigated.Twenty-nine employees including workers incinerating industrial wastes and 21 non-exposed on-site controls were recruited from a company handling industrial wastes in South Korea. Sixteen ambient PAHs were determined by GC/MSD (NIOSH method) from personal breathing zone samples of nine subjects working near incinerators. Urinary 1-OHPG was assayed by synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy (SFS) after immunoaffinity purification using monoclonal antibody 8E11. Aromatic DNA adducts in peripheral WBC were measured by the nuclease P1-enhanced post-labelling assay. Genotypes were assessed by PCR-based methods. Information on smoking habits and use of personal protective equipment were collected by self-administered questionnaire. Urinary 1-OHPG levels were significantly higher in workers handling industrial wastes than in those with presumed lower exposure to PAHs (P=0.006, by Kruskal-Wallis test). A statistically significant dose-response increase in 1-OHPG levels was seen with the number of cigarettes consumed per day (r=0.686, P<0.001). Smoking and GSTM1 genotype were significant predictors for log-transformed 1-OHPG by multiple regression analysis (overall model R(2)=0.565, P<0.001), whereas smoking was the only significant predictor for log-transformed aromatic DNA adducts (overall model R(2)=0.249, P=0.201). Aromatic DNA adducts were significantly correlated with log-transformed urinary 1-OHPG level (r=0.31, P=0.04). However, the partial correlation coefficient adjusting for age, sex, and cigarette consumption was not significant (r=0.15, P=0.17). The significant association exists only in individuals with the GSTM1 null genotype (Pearson's correlation coefficient, r=0.52, P=0.01; partial correlation coefficient adjusting for age, sex, and cigarette consumption, r=0.36, P=0.04). Our results suggest that the significant increase in urinary 1-OHPG in the exposed workers is due to higher prevalence of smokers among them, and that the association between urinary PAH metabolites and aromatic DNA adducts in workers of industrial waste handling may be modulated by GSTM1 genotype. These results remain to be confirmed in future larger studies.
Topoisomerase I (top1) relieves supercoiling in DNA by forming transient covalent cleavage complexes. These cleavage complexes can accumulate in the presence of damaged DNA or anticancer drugs that either intercalate or lie in the minor groove. Recently we reported that covalent diol epoxide (DE) adducts of benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) at the exocyclic amino group of G(+1) block cleavage at a preferred cleavage site ( approximately CTT-G(+1)G(+2)A approximately ) and cause accumulation of cleavage products at remote sites. In the present study, we have found that the 10S G(+2) adduct of BaP DE, which lies toward the scissile bond in the minor groove, blocks normal cleavage, whereas the 10R isomer, which orients away from this bond, allows normal cleavage but blocks religation. In contrast to BaP, the pair of benzo[c] phenanthrene (BcPh) DE adducts at G(+2), which intercalate from the minor groove either between G(+1)/G(+2) or between G(+2)/A, allow normal cleavage but block religation. Both intercalated BcPh DE adducts at G(+1) suppress normal cleavage, as do both groove bound BaP DE adducts at this position. These studies demonstrate that these DE adducts provide a novel set of tools to study DNA topoisomerases and emphasize the importance of contacts between the minor groove and top1's catalytic site.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in coke oven emissions cause a cancer risk to humans. In a comprehensive biomonitoring study among Estonian coke oven workers, we looked at the effect of genetic polymorphisms in metabolic enzymes on urinary mutagenicity, 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) concentration in urine, and aromatic DNA adducts in white blood cells (WBCs). Coke oven workers were sampled twice (samplings I and II), and controls only once at the time of sampling I. Urinary mutagenicity was measured using the Ames test. CYP1A1, microsomal epoxide hydrolase (mEH), and glutathione S-transferase (GST) genotypes were analyzed by polymerase chain reaction (PCR). Urinary mutagenicity did not differ between exposed and controls, but those coke oven workers who were smokers had significantly higher (P=0.0002) mutagenic activity in urine than nonsmokers. Urinary mutagenicity was moderately correlated to levels of 1-OHP and aromatic DNA adducts, the P values ranging from 0.0005 to 0.002. Carriers of a variant allele in exon 4 of mEH (Arg139) had elevated urinary mutagenicity (sampling I). In addition, urine mutagenicity of persons with predicted high mEH activity was significantly higher. Smoking habit did not explain the differences observed in urinary mutagenicity between mEH phenotype or genotype subgroups. Variation in exon 3 of mEH (His113) was related to a significantly (P=0.01) higher 1-OHP concentration in exposed workers (sampling II). Workers from sampling I who had an Arg139 variation in mEH had lower levels of adducts in lymphocytes (P=0.01) than others, while airborne benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) and His113 variation affected interactively on adduct levels. Our study shows that a comprehensive assessment of exposure is essential for elucidation of PAH exposure at a workplace. Even at high exposures metabolic polymorphisms seem to have some effect on biomarker levels, and should be assessed in biomonitoring studies.
Exposure to genotoxic compounds in ambient air has been studied in Bangkok, Thailand, by analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) associated with particles and using different biomarkers of exposure. Eighty-nine male, non-smoking Royal Thai police officers were investigated. The police officers were divided into a high exposure group (traffic police) and low exposure (office duty). Particulate matter was collected using personal pumps (2 l/min) and the eight carcinogenic PAHs were analysed by standard procedures. The traffic police was exposed to a 20-fold higher level of total PAHs than office police (74.25 ng/m3 vs. 3.11; P= 0.001). A two-fold variation was observed between the different police stations. The major PAHs in all groups was benzo[g,h,l]pyrelene. Large inter-individual differences in biomarker levels were observed, but the level of all markers was statistically significantly higher in the traffic police group than in the office group. The level of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HOP) was 0.181+/-0.078 (range 0.071-0.393) micromol/mol creatinine in the traffic group and 0.173+/-0.151 (P = 0.044) in the office group. The bulky carcinogen DNA-adduct level, determined by P32-post-labelling, was 1.6+/-0.9 (range 0.4-4.3) adducts/10(8) nucleotides in the traffic group and 1.2+/-1.0 (0.2-4.9) in the office group (P = 0.029; Mann-Whitney U-test). The serum PAH-albumin adduct level was 1.76 (0.51-3.07) fmol adducts/microg albumin in the traffic group and 1.35+/-0.77 (0.11-3.45; P = 0.001) in the office group. Lower biomarker levels were observed during the period when the traffic police officers were wearing a simple facemask, indicating that these masks protect against particle-associated PAHs. No statistically significant correlations were observed between biomarker levels and the level of individual PAHs or total PAH. Our data show, that people in Bangkok, who spend most of the day outside air-conditioned offices, are exposed to high levels of genotoxic PAHs. However, for people who spend their working day in offices, the exposure is similar to people living in other metropolitan areas.
We review our studies on the role of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts in breast cancer. Additionally we report on analyses of the reliability of the scoring procedures used with immunohistochemical assay for PAH-DNA adducts and of potential bias arising from the use of benign breast disease (BBD) controls. We conducted a case-control study utilizing two control groups: BBD controls who donated tissue and blood samples, and healthy controls who donated blood samples. In comparisons of tumor tissue from cases and benign tissue from BBD controls, increasing adduct levels were significantly associated with case-control status [odds ratio (OR) = 2.40, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.18-4.92], whereas in comparisons of nontumor tissue from cases and benign tissue from BBD controls the association was nonsignificant (OR = 1.97, 95% CI 0.94-4.17). We also show among cases, but not among BBD controls, that the GSTM1 null genotype is associated with increased adduct levels in breast tissue. Our reliability study found the scoring procedures used with the immunohistochemical assay to have high reliability, 0.93 in nontumor, 0.82 in tumor, and 0.74 in benign tissues. However, we found that the technician significantly contributed to the total variability of a series of data. Finally, we did not find a consistent bias to the null associated with the use of BBD controls; however, BBD controls may overestimate the prevalence of family history of breast cancer compared to that of healthy controls (18% vs.14%). We hypothesize that the higher prevalence results from a referral bias and discuss how this may influence our results.
The association between urinary 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide (1-OHPG) levels, as an internal measure of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure, and glycophorin A (GPA) mutation frequency, as an early biologic effect indicator, was determined to establish whether genetic polymorphisms of glutathione S-transferase (GST) isoforms GSTM1 and GSTT1 play a role. Eighty-one workers including 38 employees directly involved in incinerating industry wastes were recruited from a company located in South Korea. Urinary 1-OHPG levels were measured by synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy after immunoaffinity purification using monoclonal antibody 8E11. Erythrocyte GPA variant frequency (NN or NO) was assessed in MN heterozygotes with a flow cytometric assay. The GSTM1 and GSTT1 genotypes were assessed by a multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR) method. Urinary 1-OHPG levels were higher in workers handling industrial wastes than in those with presumed lower exposure to PAHs. An increase was seen in GPA variant frequency levels with increase in urinary 1-OHPG levels. When this association was evaluated by GSTM1 genotype status, the association between GPA mutation and urinary 1-OHPG levels was stronger in individuals with GSTM1 genotype. These results suggest that the association between urinary 1-OHPG and GPA mutation might be modulated by the GSTM1 genotype.
For measurement of biomarkers from polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure, an analytical method is described quantifying hydroxylated PAH (OH-PAH) in urine samples. This method determined monohydroxy metabolites of naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene, fluoranthene, pyrene, chrysene, benzo[c]phenanthrene, and benz[a]anthracene. The sample preparation consisted of enzymatic hydrolysis, solid-phase extraction and derivatization with a silylating reagent. Five carbon-13 labeled standards were used for isotope dilution. Analytes were separated by gas chromatography (GC) and quantified with high-resolution mass spectrometry (HRMS). This method produced good recoveries (41-70%), linearity, and specificity. Data were corrected for blank levels from the naphthalene, fluorene, and phenanthrene metabolites. Method detection limits ranged from 2 ng L(-1) for 1-hydroxypyrene to 43.5 ng L(-1) for 1-hydroxynaphthalene. Using quality control charts from two urine pools, the method can be readily applied to biomonitoring PAH exposure.
HCC is a common cancer and HBV and AFB(1) are well-documented, major risk factors. Epidemiologic studies have documented that cigarette smoking also contributes to the development of HCC. PAHs are ubiquitous environmental pollutants and products of incomplete combustion. They are present in both mainstream and sidestream cigarette smoke. PAHs are metabolically activated by phase I enzymes, including CYP1A1, into electrophilic reactants (diol epoxides), which covalently bind to DNA to form adducts. Diol epoxides are also substrates for phase II detoxifying enzymes, including GSTM and GSTP. To examine the association between PAH-DNA adducts and HCC, adduct levels were determined in liver tissue by relative staining intensity with an immunoperoxidase method using a polyclonal antiserum against BPDE-modified DNA. Subjects were also genotyped for polymorphism in several genes involved in the metabolism of PAH, including GSTM1 and GSTP1. Liver tissue was collected from patients with histologically confirmed HCC (n = 105) and from non-HCC controls (n = 37). There was a significant positive correlation (r = 0.3, p < 0.01) between adducts in tumor and adjacent nontumor tissues among HCC cases. The risk of HCC was higher after adjustment for age, sex and HBsAg in the group with the highest tertile tissue levels of PAH-DNA adducts (mean relative nuclear staining intensity of tumor and nontumor tissue > 344) than in the group with the lowest tertile (staining < 241, OR = 3.9, 95% CI = 1.0-14.9). Among non-HCC controls, there were no significant associations between adduct levels and cigarette smoking, GSTM1 null genotype and HBsAg positivity. A strikingly increased HCC risk was observed (OR = 20.3, 95% CI = 5.0-81.8) among HBsAg-positive subjects whose PAH-DNA adduct levels were high (mean relative nuclear staining intensity of tumor and nontumor tissue > 301, median of control tissues) compared to HBsAg-negative subjects who had low PAH-DNA adduct levels. 4-ABP- and AFB(1)-DNA adducts had been measured previously in these same tissues. Subjects with elevated DNA adduct levels of PAH, 4-ABP and AFB(1) had a significantly higher HCC risk with an OR of 36.7 (95% CI 7.2-187.2) compared to those who had low DNA adduct levels. These results suggest that PAHs may play a role in human hepatocarcinogenesis in conjunction with HBsAg carrier status, GSTM1 and GSTP1 genotypes and exposure to 4-ABP and AFB(1).
In order to evaluate the health status of fish inhabiting Port Phillip Bay, Australia, southern sand flathead (Platycephalus hassensis, N = 133) were collected at six stations throughout the Bay. Fish had a similar serum sorbitol dehydrogenase (SDH) activity level (p = 0.12), indicating that they were not experiencing hepatocellular injuries. Ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD) activity was generally lower in the non-urbanized and non-industrialized southern part of the Bay. The highest EROD activity was observed in Hobson Bay, the closest station from Melbourne city. Naphthalene-type biliary metabolites were also highest in Hobson Bay with intermediate levels found in Corio Bay where refineries are present. An opposite trend was observed with the pyrene-type bile metabolites, the highest levels being observed in Corio Bay while intermediate levels were found in Hobson Bay. The ratio of naphthalene-type to benzo(a)pyrene (B(a)P)-type metabolites indicate that relatively to other sites sampled in Port Phillip Bay, Corio Bay is subjected to enriched petroleum hydrocarbons of pyrolytic origin. Temporal trends indicate that the availability of xenobiotics to fish remained unchanged over the 1990s.
In this study, the authors evaluated exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in workers exposed to exhaust gas from cars, and they assessed the efficiency of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as an indicator of exposure to pyrene and PAHs. The authors selected 2 groups of police who worked in 2 areas in the city of Florence: 1 group was highly exposed to high-density traffic emissions during the winter and summer of 1997, and the 2nd group experienced low exposure to traffic emissions during the same period. Ambient monitoring was achieved with personal sampling of airborne PAHs during each workshift. Eight hydrocarbons were used as indicators of pollution caused by PAHs (e.g., pyrene, benzo[a]pyrene, benzo[a]anthracene, dibenzo[a,h]anthracene). Biological monitoring was performed through dosing of 1-hydroxypyrene (pyrene metabolite) in urine samples taken at the end of each workshift. The ambient monitoring revealed that PAH concentrations were influenced by both season of sampling and varying intensities of traffic in the different areas. The median concentration of benzo[a]pyrene in winter was twice as high in the high-density traffic area as in the low-density traffic area (i.e., 4.1 ng/m3 versus 1.8 ng/m3). In summer, the high-density traffic area experienced benzo[a]pyrene concentrations that were 6 times higher than in the low-density traffic area (i.e., 1.2 ng/m3 versus 0.2 ng/m3). Benzo[a]pyrene was also correlated highly (r(s) = .92, p < .0001) with the mixture of total PAHs analyzed, thus confirming its function as a good indicator of exposure to PAHs in an urban environment. Levels of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene appeared to be generally influenced by the intensity of traffic, especially during the winter (i.e., median value in winter was 199.2 ng/gm creatinine in the high-density traffic area and 120.5 ng/gm creatinine in the low-density traffic area). An analysis of the general data revealed that 1-hydroxypyrene was, to some degree, related to pyrene, benzo[a]pyrene, and airborne total PAHs, whereas analysis of separate data for the area and the season revealed an emergence of a closer correlation during the winter in the high-traffic area. Therefore, 1 -hydroxypyrene can be considered a good biological indicator of exposure to airborne PAHs in the urban environment, especially in winter and in high-density traffic areas.
Formation of DNA adducts as a result of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) was studied in 98 potroom workers from an aluminium smelting plant and in 55 blue-collar workers without occupational PAH exposure. DNA from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) was used for quantitation of individual PAH-DNA adducts by 32P-postlabelling/high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) analysis. Four individual DNA adducts (denoted A, B, C and D) were quantified in 141 of a total of 153 subjects. Genetic polymorphisms for cytochrome P-4501A1 ( CYP1A1), microsomal epoxide hydrolase, N-acetyltransferase 2, glutathione transferases M1, P1 and T1 ( GSTM1, GSTP1 and GSTT1, respectively) and NAD(P)H: quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1) were analysed. For 52 subjects, analysis of mRNA inducibility of CYP1A1 was performed. No statistically significant differences in the levels of total or individual DNA adducts A, C and D were found between potroom workers and control subjects. All potroom workers and the subgroup of potroom workers who reported to never/sometimes use personal respiratory protection ( n=72) were found to have a significantly higher likelihood of having high levels of adduct B than control subjects [odds ratio (OR) =3.4 with 95% confidence interval (CI) of 1.3-9.2, and OR=4.2 with 95% CI 1.6-11.5, respectively]. In the subgroup, levels of adducts A and B were found to be significantly higher among workers with employment time of less than 6 months ( n=5). Also, the levels of the individual DNA adducts were to some extent modified by genetic polymorphisms in CYP1A1, GSTM1, GSTP1 and NQO1 and by CYP1A1 inducibility. In conclusion, levels of adduct B, identified by 32P-postlabelling/HPLC methodology as an indicator of PAH exposure in aluminium production, were modified by the use of respiratory protection, length of employment and genetic polymorphisms.
OBJECTIVES: The aims of this study were to determine external and internal polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure in a coke plant and to contribute to the evaluation of biological limit values. METHODS: Personal air sampling was carried out on a study population of 24 coke plant workers. In detail, 16 PAHs were determined, among them phenanthrene, pyrene and benzo[ a]pyrene. For the determination of internal exposure, post-shift urine samples from the workers were examined for hydroxylated metabolites of pyrene (1-hydroxypyrene, 1-OHP) and phenanthrene (1-, 2+9-, 3-, 4-hydroxyphenanthrene, 1-, 2+9-, 3-, 4-OHPhe). In both cases, approved HPLC methods were used. RESULTS: The workers were classified into three groups. The group most exposed was that on the top side of the coke oven, with a mean value of 491.2 microg/m(3) for the sum of all sixteen PAHs. The mean value at the bench side was 26.61 microg/m(3), while it was 76.18 microg/m(3) in the group of workers with no dedicated location (=complete area). Both the excretion of 1-OHP and the sum of hydroxyphenanthrenes had the highest mean levels in the top side group of workers (mean: 19.70 microg/g creatinine (crea.) and 39.18 microg/g crea.), followed by the bench-side workers (mean: 7.01 microg/g crea. and 12.95 microg/g crea.) and the whole-area workers (mean: 3.57 microg/g crea. and 8.70 micorg/g crea.). The concentrations of all urinary metabolites correlated significantly with benzo[ a]pyrene (BaP) in the air. CONCLUSIONS: According to these correlations, urinary concentrations of 8 and 11 microg 1-OHP/g crea., respectively 16 and 23 microg/g crea. for the sum of hydroxyphenanthrenes, correspond to BaP concentrations in air of 2 and 5 micorg/m(3), the German technical guiding concentration (TRK value). Our results are in line with others reported in the literature. That means that it should be possible today to define a standard of occupational hygiene and medicine in coke plants using the elimination of hydroxyphenanthrenes and hydroxypyrene in urine as markers for internal PAH exposure. 
An analytical method was developed to determine quantitatively 1-hydroxypyrene (OHP) in bovine urine samples. The procedure includes an enzymatic hydrolysis to cleave the conjugated metabolite, an enrichment step using solid phase extraction with a non-polar rinse step and elution with dichloromethane. A final clean-up on silicagel was performed before high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) analysis and fluorescence detection. Alternatively, HPLC and electrospray ionization in the negative ion mode applying selective ion monitoring acquisition revealed to be a highly sensitive detection method allowing the quantitation of low pg of OHP in the urine samples. The method was successfully applied to the determination of OHP in bovine urine samples from animals living in urban and rural areas. Urine concentrations of OHP were significantly higher (median 8.6 microg l(-1)) of bovines living close to a highway.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene is a biomarker in the measurement of human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. A rapid and simple derivative isopotential synchronous fluorescence method was developed for the direct determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine. A length of iso-intensity route was scanned on the three-dimensional fluorescence spectrum of urine and this result was combined with that from derivative technique. Thus the strong background signals of urine were removed and the 1-hydroxypyrene can be determined directly in urine without tedious pre-separation. The derivative isopotential synchronous fluorescence spectrum was directly obtained from a single scan on a spectrofluorometer, which further simplified isopotential synchronous fluorescence technique. The recoveries of 93% to 115% were obtained for 1-hydroxypyrene added to urine.
A chemiluminescent enzyme-immunoassay for urinary 1-hydroxypyrene has been developed and optimized. The enzymatic activity of horseradish peroxidase-labeled tracer was measured with an enhanced chemiluminescent system and the results were compared with those from conventional colorimetric detection. The method fulfilled all the requirements of accuracy and precision and the detection limit was 0.001 pmol/well, which enabled analysis in less than 1 microL urine. Subjects working in the center of Bologna who were exposed daily to vehicular exhaust gas were studied. Their urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations were compared with the levels of benzo( a)pyrene in air particulate matter. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, which ranged from 0.5 to 10 nmol L(-1), correlated poorly with the concentration of benzo( a)pyrene in air particulate matter, which ranged from 5 to 140 ng m(-3). No significant effect of vehicle exhaust gas exposure was observed among the different groups of subjects working in different areas of the town. Thus, at a relatively low level of exposure 1-hydroxypyrene does not seem to be a sensitive biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
In this study, a total of 30 workers were selected, including eight wet pelletizing workers and 22 packaging workers. For all selected workers, urine samples were collected on the first day pre-shift, first day post-shift and fifth day post-shift, and their urinary 1-hydroxylpyrene levels (1-OHP) were determined (denoted as BM1pre, BM1post and BM5post, respectively). Personal respiratory exposures, including both inhalable particle-bound PAHs (Cinh) and gaseous PAHs (Cgas), together with dermal exposure to particle-bound PAHs (Cskin) were measured. Personal background information, including age, sex and smoking habit, was carefully registered. Pyrene exposure was statistically significantly correlated with exposure to PAHs and carcinogenic PAHs. Multiple linear regression analysis results showed that the BM1post values could not be explained by workers' exposures. For BM5post in packaging workers, both the regression model (R2 = 0.73) and the regression coefficients for Cgas, Cinh and Cskin were statistically significant (P < 0.05). For pelletizing workers, the R2 value was higher but was not statistically significant because of the smaller number of workers. The resultant regression coefficients for 'sex', 'smoking habit' and 'age' were statistically insignificant (P > 0.05), which could be because these variables made relatively small contributions to BM5post. In conclusion, this study suggests BM5post could be a suitable indicator for PAH exposures of carbon black workers, on the condition that both respiratory (including gaseous PAHs and particle-bound PAHs) and dermal exposures have been assessed.
Coal tar preparations, as used in dermatological practice, contain numerous polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons of which many are proven animal carcinogens. Increased urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion in patients with atopic dermatitis treated with topical coal tar preparations has been demonstrated. Little is known about the relationship between the dermal uptake of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on the one hand and the amount of tar applied to the skin, the total body area affected, the condition of the epidermal barrier and the severity of the dermatitis on the other. We compared urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion rate with these variables. The urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion rate was highly dependent on the total amount of tar applied to the skin and the total body area affected, and less on the severity of the atopic dermatitis or the condition of the epidermal barrier. Exposure to therapeutic doses of coal tar leads to much higher rates of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion than occupational exposure. Because of the potential carcinogenicity of coal tar, as clearly demonstrated both in animal studies and from occupational exposure, careful consideration should be given to the use of coal tar preparations in dermatological practice. However, the risk of short-term high exposure is unknown. Restriction of the use of coal tar should be based on epidemiological studies and/or appropriate risk models taking into account its relative safety established over many years of clinical use.
In this review article, we summarize the data on tobacco smoke carcinogenicity in relation to DNA adduct dosimetry and genotyping and phenotyping of biotransformational enzymes. A major class of carcinogens, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, present in substantial quantities in tobacco smoke, is discussed. The historical background and an overview of the metabolic pathways are given. The epidemiological and biological data in particular on dosimetry of the representative DNA adducts and genotyping and phenotyping of the respective activating and detoxifying enzymes are presented. The salient findings are highlighted, the uncertainties are underlined and, finally, recommendations for future research are made.
The urinary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) were studied in male Sprague-Dawley rats exposed orally, on Tuesdays and Fridays for 10 consecutive weeks, to 0.046 mg/kg/d of pyrene or 0.3, 1 or 3 mg/kg/d of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) mixtures containing pyrene (0.046, 0.15, and 0.46 mg/kg/d, respectively). During the subchronic exposure, 24-h urine samples were collected on Mondays (prior to exposure) and Tuesdays (after exposure) for all exposure groups. During a 14-d period following last exposure in rats treated with 3 mg/kg/d of PAH mixture, 24-h urine samples were collected at frequent time intervals (0-24, 48-72, 96-120, 144-168, 193-217, 313-338 h). Whatever the administered dose, repeated exposures to pyrene and PAH mixtures resulted in a progressive time-dependent increase in the daily urinary excretion of 1-OHP. After 10 wk of treatment, daily excretion rates were on average 5 times higher than those observed after the first administration. Following the subchronic exposure to 3 mg/kg/d of PAH mixture, the time profile of 1-OHP excretion in rat urine showed a multiphasic elimination. An average first-order apparent elimination half-life of 26.5 h could be estimated for the 48-168 h period following the end of the exposure. The observed time-dependent increase in 1-OHP excretion values upon repeated exposures to PAHs does not appear to result from a PAH enzyme induction effect of pyrene metabolism to 1-OHP. Rather, the slow release of residual pyrene accumulated in a long-term compartment and/or the enterohepatic recirculation of 1-OHP and other pyrene metabolites may play significant roles in the observed urinary excretion kinetics of 1-OHP. Furthermore, the absence of mixture effect on the urinary excretion of 1-OHP suggests that 1-OHP is a good bioindicator of exposure to complex PAH mixtures, in the dose range used in this study.
A high-performance liquid chromatographic method has been developed for the quantification of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) in human urine using deuterated 1-hydroxypyrene ([2H9]1-OHP) as an internal standard with fluorescence detection. [2H9]1-OHP was prepared enzymatically from deuterated pyrene ([2H10]Pyr) with cytochrome P450 1A1. It eluted immediately prior to non-deuterated 1-OHP on alkylamide-type reversed-phase columns and had nearly the same fluorescence characteristics as non-deuterated 1-OHP. The detection limit was 0.1 microg/L and the calibration range was from 1 to 100 nmol/L. Urine sample treatment involved enzymatic hydrolysis followed by solid-phase extraction using Sep-Pak C18 cartridges. The proposed method was used to determine urinary 1-OHP in smokers and non-smokers.
We present findings on the associations between DNA adduct levels in breast tissue, risk of breast cancer, and polymorphisms in the DNA repair enzyme XPD. Breast cancer cases, benign breast disease (BBD) controls, and healthy controls were enrolled. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH)-DNA adduct levels were measured by immunohistochemistry in breast tissue samples from cases and BBD controls. XPD polymorphisms at codons 312 and 751 was determined by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) analysis using white blood cell DNA. Neither of the polymorphisms were associated with case-control status, both in comparisons of cases and BBD controls, and cases and healthy controls. XPD polymorphisms at codons 312 and 751 were associated with higher levels of PAH-DNA in tumor tissue from breast cancer cases. Subjects with an Asp/Asn or Asn/Asn polymorphic genotype in codon 312 of XPD had elevated levels of PAH-DNA adducts compared to subjects with the Asp/Asp genotype (0.55 optical density (OD) v.s. 0.33 OD, p < 0.01). PAH-DNA adducts were associated with increasing copy number of the Gln allele for the codon 751 polymorphism (p for trend <0.01). Among subjects with the Asp/Asn or Asn/Asn genotype at codon 312, adduct levels were higher in tumor tissue compared to tissue from BBD controls (0.55 OD v.s. 0.36 OD, p = 0.003). Among subjects with the Gln/Gln genotype at codon 751 adduct levels were higher in tumor tissue compared to tissue from BBD controls (0.68 OD v.s. 0.40 OD, p = 0.01). The trend of increasing PAH-DNA adduct levels with either the Asn/Asn or Gln/Gln genotype was greater in tumor tissue than the trend in BBD control tissue.
Measurement of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) metabolites in human urine is the method of choice to determine occupational and/or environmental exposure of an individual to PAH, in particular, when multiple routes of exposure have to be taken into account. Requirements for methods of biomonitoring PAH metabolites in urine are presented. Studies using 1-hydroxypyrene or phenanthrene metabolites including its phenols and dihydrodiols are summarized. The role of these PAH metabolites as established biomarkers and also more recent developments of PAH biomonitoring are discussed.
Eighteen monohydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites (OH-PAHs) representing polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) containing up to four rings in human urine have been measured. The method includes the addition of carbon-13 labeled internal standards, enzymatic hydrolysis, and solid-phase microextraction followed by gas chromatography with high-resolution mass spectrometry. By using response factors calculated with the carbon-13 labeled standards, results are presented for calibration, relative standard deviations and analyte levels from an unspiked human urine pool. The method detection limits ranged from 0.78 ng/l for hydroxyphenanthrenes to 15.8 ng/l for 1-hydroxynaphthalene, and the recoveries ranged between 6% for hydroxychrysene and 47% for 1-hydroxypyrene. The relative standard deviation was lowest for 3-hydroxyphenanthrene at 2.4% and went up to 18.7% for 6-hydroxychrysene. The method was calibrated from 10 to 1200 ng/l. Eleven of the 18 metabolites were found in background pooled urine samples. This validated method is a convenient and reliable tool for determining urinary OH-PAHs as biomarkers of exposure to eight PAHs.
Cytochrome P450 1B1 (CYP1B1) is induced through the Ah receptor and is involved in the activation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). To determine the validity of a quantitative analysis of CYP1B1 mRNA in peripheral human blood cells for the estimation of PAH exposure, a real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction method was used to measure the relative levels of CYP1B1 mRNA in 37 Chinese coke oven workers and 13 control workers. A large inter-individual difference in the levels was observed. The average level of the CYP1B1 mRNA in workers at the top work site, where the PAH exposure level from the coke ovens was highest, was significantly higher than in workers at the middle site (P<0.01) or the controls (P=0.02). A non-significant positive correlation was found between the CYP1B1 mRNA levels and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (R=0.22, P=0.13), and a significant correlation between these mRNA levels and urinary cotinine (R=0.33, P=0.02). It was interesting that a significant positive correlation between CYP1B1 mRNA and 1-hydroxypyrene was observed in subjects with the Leu/Leu type of CYP1B1 Leu432Val polymorphism (R=0.33, P=0.02, n=38) and a non-significant correlation in subjects with the Leu/Val and Val/Val types (R=-0.36, P=0.25, n=12), although the number of subjects in this strata analysis was small. Our preliminary study suggests that PAH exposure in coke ovens and smoking maybe associated with CYP1B1 mRNA levels in peripheral blood cells although mRNA is generally unstable and could be expressed following exposure to other agents.
Exposure to diesel exhaust was evaluated in summer and winter by measuring vapour and particle phase polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). Fifteen PAHs were simultaneously determined from the air samples obtained from truck drivers collecting household waste and maintenance personnel at a waste handling centre. The major compounds analysed from the personal air samples of exposed workers were naphthalene, phenanthrene and fluorene. The total PAH exposure (sum of 15 PAHs) of garbage truck drivers ranged from 71 to 2,660 ng m(-3) and from 68 to 900 ng m-3 in the maintenance work. The exposure of garbage truck drivers to benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) ranged from the mean of 0.03 to 0.3 ng m(-3) whereas no B[a]P in control samples or in those collected from maintenance workers was detected. A statistically significant difference in diesel-derived PAH exposure between the garbage truck drivers and the control group in both seasons (in summer p = 0.0022, degrees of freedom (df) 70.5; and in winter p < 0.0001, df = 80.4) was observed. Also, a significant difference in PAH exposure between the garbage truck drivers and the maintenance workers (in summer p < 0.0001, df = 50.1; and in winter p < 0.0001, df = 44.2) was obtained.
Urine and haemolymph can be repeatedly sampled from crabs with no (or limited) damage to the organism. Their analysis offers a measure of the animals' exposure to biologically available contaminants. Shore crabs (Carcinus maenas) were exposed to the PAHs phenanthrene and pyrene at concentrations ranging from 20 to 200 microg l(-1). After 48 h, urine and haemolymph samples were taken and analysed using ELISA and UV-fluorescence spectrophotometry. High correlations were recorded between the two sets of results from the urine analyses (r2 = 0.83 for phenanthrene and r2 = 0.88 for pyrene). Contaminant concentrations were much lower in haemolymph than in the urine. Analyses of urine taken from crabs collected from clean and contaminated sites confirm the suitability of these analyses for environmentally exposed organisms. Again, a good correlation was recorded between the ELISA and spectrofluorimetric analysis (r2 = 0.83). In this instance, difficulties were experienced with haemolymph analyses owing to a lack of sensitivity.
There is significant human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), many of which are potent carcinogens in laboratory animals and are suspected human carcinogens. The PAHs are bioactivated by cytochrome P450 (CYP)1A1/1B1 enzymes to reactive intermediates that bind to DNA, a critical step in the initiation of carcinogenesis. The Ah receptor (AHR) plays a critical role in the induction of CYP1 enzymes (i.e., CYP1A1, 1A2 and 1B1) by PAHs such as benzo[a]pyrene (BP) and 3-methylcholanthrene (MC). In our investigation, we tested the hypothesis that AHR-null animals are less susceptible to PAH-induced DNA adduct formation than wild-type animals. Wild-type [AHR (+/+)] mice or mice lacking the gene for the AHR were treated with a single dose (100 micromol/kg) of BP or MC, and hepatic DNA adducts were analyzed by (32)P-postlabeling. BP induced multiple hepatic DNA adducts in wild-type as well as AHR-null animals, suggesting the existence of AHR-independent mechanisms for BP metabolic activation. On the other hand, DNA adduct formation was markedly suppressed in AHR-null animals exposed to MC, although the major MC-DNA adduct was produced in these animals. Hepatic activities and apoprotein contents of 7-ethoxyresorufin O-deethylase (EROD) (CYP1A1) and 7-methoxyresorufin O-demethylase (MROD) (CYP1A2) activities were markedly induced by BP and MC in the wild-type, but not, in AHR-null animals. CYP1B1 expression was also induced, albeit to a lesser extent by the PAH MC, but not BP, in the wild-type animals. In conclusion, these results demonstrate the existence of AHR- and CYP1A1-independent mechanisms of PAH metabolic activation in mouse liver, a phenomenon that may have important implications for PAH-mediated carcinogenesis.
It has been suggested that ingestion of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) may contribute to the high incidence and mortality of esophageal cancer in Linxian, China. To explore this relationship a semiquantitative immunohistochemical staining method was developed for localization of PAH-DNA adducts. Nuclear color intensity (bright field average pink intensity per nucleus for >1000 cells) was measured using the ChromaVision Automated Cellular Imaging System (ACIS). Paraffin-embedded sections of cultured human keratinocytes exposed to increasing concentrations of 7beta,8alpha-dihydroxy-9alpha,10alpha-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydro-benzo[a]pyrene (BPDE) were incubated with BPDE-DNA antiserum and served as an internal positive control (standard curve). Values for nuclear staining intensity correlated directly with BPDE exposure concentration (r(2) = 0.99) and were reproducible. DNA adduct levels determined by BPDE-DNA chemiluminescence immunoassay in DNA from BPDE-exposed keratinocytes, correlated with BPDE exposure concentrations (r(2) = 0.99), showing that nuclear staining intensity determined by ACIS correlated directly with BPDE-DNA adduct levels determined by chemiluminescence immunoassay. The ACIS methodology was applied to 5 human samples from Linxian, and significantly positive nuclear PAH-DNA adduct staining was observed in this group when compared with esophageal tissue from 4 laboratory-housed monkey controls and 6 samples obtained at autopsy from smokers and nonsmokers in the United States. Nuclear PAH-DNA staining was absent from Linxian samples when serial sections were incubated with normal rabbit serum (negative control) and was significantly reduced on incubation with BPDE-DNA antiserum absorbed previously with the immunogen BPDE-DNA. These results appear to support the hypothesis that high PAH exposure levels may be etiologically associated with the development of esophageal cancer in Linxian.
A repeated measures short-term prospective study was performed in boilermakers to determine occupational polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure using the biomarker, 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP). Two work sites were studied; an apprentice school (metal fume exposure) and a boiler overhaul (residual oil fly ash [ROFA] and metal fume exposure). Pre- and postshift urine samples (n = 241; 41 male subjects) were analyzed for cotinine and 1-OHP. Descriptive statistics and generalized estimating equations were calculated. At the apprentice school cross-shift 1-OHP levels did not significantly differ. At the overhaul 1-OHP levels increased during the week in smokers and nonsmokers; in nonsmokers the 1-OHP level increased significantly postshift compared to preshift. In conclusion this study suggests that boilermakers exposed to occupational particulates are exposed to PAH. The urinary 1-OHP level may be a useful biomarker of PAH exposure in boilermakers exposed to ROFA, particularly in nonsmokers.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, which are carcinogenic and mutagenic to humans, are primary compounds in coke oven emissions generated by the coking process. The authors examined the relationship between coke oven workers' urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels and their exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, as determined on the basis of work category and pre- and postshift effects in a steel plant in Taiwan. Eighty-eight coke oven workers constituted the exposed group, and 61 office workers in a steel plant located 1.5 km from the coke plant constituted the control group. The benzene-soluble fraction in personal air samples, and 1-hydroxypyrene in urine samples, were measured for 3 consecutive days. The 3-day urinary 1-hydroxypyrene sampling results for topside workers (i.e., those most heavily exposed to emissions) in the coke oven group, and for the control group, as determined from postshift geometric means, were 23.8 microg/gm creatinine and 0.3 microg/gm creatinine, respectively. These values increased to 13.4 and 0.1 microg/gm creatinine, respectively, after an 8-hr work period. The major source of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons for the exposed group was occupational; therefore, the closer workers were to the coke oven, the greater their exposure, and, consequently, the greater their metabolite level. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels of the exposed group were 80 times higher than those of the control group. Smoking had no significant effect on the excretion of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene. 1-hydroxypyrene levels in the workers' urine during an 8-day period was cumulative (half-life = 18.6 hr). The authors concluded that it would be desirable to switch highly exposed workers to a low-exposure work area, after a period of rest. In addition, urinary 1-hydroxypyrene was a confirmed, useful biological indicator for exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Pd-catalyzed coupling of the axially constrained, less reactive benzo[a]pyrene bay-region amino benzoates, derived from the tetrahydro and diol epoxides, with C-6 and C-2 halopurine deoxynucleosides offers an efficient approach to the synthesis of the corresponding nucleoside-epoxide adducts. Also reported are the first examples involving the coupling of a 6-chloropurine deoxynucleoside with these amines, a reaction that is difficult by direct halide displacement. Certain mechanistic aspects of this metal-catalyzed C-N bond formation are also discussed. [reaction--see text]
The authors investigated Korean municipal middle school students to ascertain whether urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and 2-naphthol-markers for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure-reflect PAHs in ambient air. The authors used the beta-ray absorption method, which is an index of ambient-air PAH exposure, to collect total suspended particulate (TSP) data. The authors measured urinary 1-OHP and 2-naphthol concentrations in 137 nonsmoking students in 4 municipal middle schools within 1 km of ambient air monitoring stations. The median concentrations of urinary 1-OHP and 2-naphthol in the study were 0.09 nmole/mol creatinine and 2.19 micromol/mol creatinine, respectively, and the geometric means were 0.10 nmole/mol creatinine and 2.47 micromol/mol creatinine, respectively. Urinary 1-OHP concentration did not correlate significantly with any TSP index. There were significant correlations between urinary 2-naphthol level and the daily mean TSP level calculated for 2 days before survey, for 1 day before survey, and for the day of survey. These data suggest that urinary 2-naphthol may be a good marker for inhalation exposure to PAHs in ambient air.
Severe DNA damage, which might prevent egg fertilization or the development of the embryo, could be a cause of infertility. In order to assess whether polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts are an early marker of sperm genotoxicity and infertility, we studied 205 men consecutively recruited from 1 January to 30 May 2001 through the Infertility Clinic of the University of Milan (Italy), with morphological abnormalities in the sperm. No known causes of infertility were present in their female partners. Sperm were collected after 3-5 days of abstinence, fixed on polylysine slides, and frozen at -20 degrees C. PAH-DNA adducts were measured by immunofluorescence using a polyclonal antiserum. A questionnaire was filled out at the time of the visit, with demographic information, smoking and drinking habits, and occupational history. Data on PAH-DNA adducts were available for 182 men. The mean age of the subjects was 35.5+/-5.0 years; 38.6% of them were current smokers. PAH-DNA adducts were negatively correlated with the percentage of physiologic forms (r=-0.18; P=0.016) and with abnormalities of the neck of the sperm cell (r=-0.21; P>/=0.009), while they were positively correlated with morphological abnormalities of the head (r=0.30; P>0.0001). Occupational exposure to PAH, but not smoking, was significantly associated with higher levels of PAH-DNA adducts. A significant negative association was observed between daily alcohol consumption and PAH-DNA adducts in sperm (P=0.01). PAH-DNA adducts levels were significantly higher in infertile versus fertile men (P=0.04). These results suggest a role for DNA damage in infertility.
Site-specific mutagenicity of trans-opened adducts at the exocyclic N(2)-amino group of guanine by the (+)-(7R,8S,9S,10R)- and (-)-(7S,8R,9R,10S)-enantiomers of a benzo[a]pyrene 7,8-diol 9,10-epoxide (7-hydroxyl and epoxide oxygen are trans, BPDE-2) has been determined in Chinese hamster V79 cells and their repair-deficient counterpart, V-H1 cells. Four vectors containing single 10S-BPDE-dG or 10R-BPDE-dG adducts positioned at G(0) or G(-1) in the analyzed 5'-ACTG(0)G(-1)GA sequence of the non-transcribed strand were separately transfected into the cells. Mutations at each of the seven nucleotides were analyzed by a novel primer extension assay using a mixture of one dNTP complementary to the mutated nucleotide and three other ddNTPs and were optimized to quantify levels of a mutation as low as 1%. Only G --> T mutations were detected at the adducted sites; the 10S adduct derived from the highly carcinogenic (+)-diol epoxide was 40-50 and 75-140% more mutagenic than the 10R adduct in V79 and V-H1 cells, respectively. Importantly, the 10S adducts, but not the 10R adducts, induced separate non-targeted mutations at sites 5' to the G(-1) and G(0) lesions (G(0) --> T and C --> T, respectively) in both cell lines. Neither the T 5' to G(0) nor sites 3' to the lesions showed mutations. Non-targeted mutations may enhance overall mutagenicity of the 10S-BPDE-dG lesion and contribute to the much higher carcinogenicity and mutagenicity of (+)-BPDE-2 compared with its (-)-enantiomer. Our study reports a definitive demonstration of mutations distal to a site-specific polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon adduct.
As is well known, a powerful earthquake along the North Anatolian Fault struck the eastern part of the Marmara region on August 17, 1999. Izmit Bay, which is known as one of the most polluted sites of Turkey, was also affected by the quake and the subsequent refinery fire. The measurements performed just before and after the earthquake showed that T-PAH levels increased significantly after the event [Okay OS, Tolun L, Telli-Karakoç F, Tüfekçi V, Tüfekçi H, Morkoç E. Izmit Bay (Turkey) ecosystem after Marmara earthquake and subsequent refinery fire: the long-term data. Marine Pollution Bulletin 2001;42:361-9]. In the framework of ecotoxicological studies, the Bay ecosystem was continuously monitored for T-PAH levels in seawater, sediments and mussels (Mytilus galloprovincialis) to find out whether change occurred during the 2-year period following the earthquake. For that purpose, after the earthquake, the samples were collected six times between the period of September 1999 and March 2001 at coastal stations of the Bay situated away from the mouth of main discharges. The responses of the mussels were also measured by means of the lysosomal stability of the blood cells and feeding rate biomarker techniques at two different sites of the bay. Although the T-PAH levels in all matrices generally showed a decreasing trend, they were found to be still high especially at stations near the refinery. Both biomarker results showed that the health status of the mussels is very poor in the Bay ecosystem, based on the results obtained from the two sites monitored.
Tobacco smoke, recognized as a major etiological factor for cancers of the upper aerodigestive tract, represents an abundant source of reactive oxygen species (ROS), which are believed to play a significant role in mutagenesis and carcinogenesis. An additional source of ROS in tissues exposed to tobacco smoke may be metabolic oxidation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). To investigate the relationships between oxidative DNA lesions and aromatic DNA adducts, six modified DNA bases 5-hydroxyuracil, 5-hydroxycytosine, 7,8-dihydro-8-oxoguanine, 7,8-dihydro-8-oxoadenine, 2,6-diamino-4-hydroxy-5-formamidopyrimidine and 4,6-diamino-5-formamidopyrimidine and the total level of PAH-related DNA adducts were measured in cancerous and the surrounding normal larynx tissues (68 subjects), using gas chromatography/isotope-dilution mass spectroscopy with selected ion monitoring and the 32P-postlabeling-HPLC assay, respectively. The levels of oxidative DNA lesions in cancerous and adjacent tissue were comparable; the differences between the two types of tissue were significant only for 5-hydroxypyrimidines (slightly higher levels were observed in the adjacent tissue). Comparable levels of DNA lesions in cancerous and the surrounding normal tissues observed in the larynx tumors support a field cancerization theory. The surrounding tissues may still be recognized as normal by histological criteria. However, molecular alterations resulting from the chronic tobacco smoke exposure, which equally affects larynx epithelia, may lead to multiple premalignant lesions. Thus, a demonstration of similar levels of DNA damage in cancerous and the adjacent tissue could explain a frequent formation of secondary tumors in the larynx and the frequent recurrence in this type of cancer. A weak, but distinct effect of tumor grading and metastatic status was observed in both kinds of tissue in the case of 5-hydroxyuracil, 5-hydroxycytosine, 7,8-dihydro-8-oxoguanine, 7,8-dihydro-8-oxoadenine. This effect was displayed as a gradual shift in the data distribution toward high values from G1 through G2-G3 and from non-metastatic to metastatic tumors. Since the levels of oxidative DNA base modifications tended to increase with the tumor aggressiveness, we postulate that the oxidative DNA lesions increase genetic instability and thus contribute to tumor progression in laryngeal cancer. No associations between aromatic adduct levels and oxidative DNA lesions were present, suggesting that the metabolism of PAH does not contribute significantly to the oxidative stress in larynx tissues, remaining the tobacco smoke ROS as a major source of oxidative DNA damage in the exposed tissue.
Two fluorimetric HPLC methods are described for the quantification of naphthols, phenanthrols and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) in urine specimens obtained from male Wistar rats exposed to naphthalene, phenanthrene and pyrene. The polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) were given intraperitoneally, either alone (1.0 mmol/kg body weight) or as an equimolar mixture (0.33 mmol/kg), using the same dosages for repeated treatments on week 1 and week 2. Between these treatments, PAH-metabolizing activities encoded by aryl hydrocarbon (Ah) receptor-controlled genes were induced in the rats with beta-naphthoflavone (betaNF). Chromatographic separation of five phenanthrols (1-, 2-, 3-, 4-, and 9-isomers) was accomplished using two different RP C-18 columns. Despite selective detection (programmable wavelengths), the quantification limits in the urine ranged widely: 1-OHP (0.18 microg/l) <phenanthrols (0.34-0.45 microg/l) <2-naphthol (1.5 microg/l) <1-naphthol (4 micro g/l). The relative standard deviation of the methods was good, as also was the reproducibility. The molar fraction of the dose excreted in 24-h urine as naphthols (<or=4.0%), phenanthrols (<or=1.1%), and 1-OHP (<or=2.4%) was low. Urinary disposition increased differentially in betaNF-induced rats: naphthols, 9-phenanthrol (1- to-2-fold); 2-, 3-, and 4-phenanthrols (4- to 5-fold); 1-phenanthrol and 1-OHP (over 11-fold). The OH-metabolites were analyzed before and after enzymatic hydrolysis (beta-glucuronidase/arylsulfatase). The percentage excreted as a free phenol in urine varied for 1-OHP (2-11%), 1-naphthol (36-51%), 2-naphthol (59-65%), and the phenanthrols (29-94%). 1-Naphthyl- and 1-pyrenyl beta- d-glucuronide served as measures for the completeness of enzymatic hydrolysis. Characteristic differences observed in the urinary disposition of naphthalene, phenanthrene, and pyrene are described, as well as important factors (dose, metabolic capacity, relative urinary output) associated with biomarker validation. This intervention study clarifies intraindividual variation in PAH metabolism and provides useful information for the development of new methods applicable in the biomonitoring of PAH exposure in humans.
A high-performance liquid chromatographic (HPLC) method with fluorescence detection was developed for the quantification of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in human hair. Fifteen kinds of PAHs classified as priority pollutants by the US EPA were quantified with four perdeuterated PAHs as internal standards. After 50 mg hair samples were washed with n-hexane to remove external contamination of PAHs, the samples were digested in 2.5 M sodium hydroxide. The digests were extracted with n-hexane and then analyzed by HPLC. Eleven kinds of PAHs were identified in hair samples of 20 subjects, and 10 kinds of PAHs were eventually quantified using the internal standards. For anthracene, chrysene and benzo[k]fluoranthene, significant differences were observed between smokers and non-smokers. Although benzo[b]fluoranthene, dibenz[a,h]anthracene, benzo[ghi]perylene and indeno[1,2,3-cd]pyrene were observed in the particulates of indoor and outdoor air, they were not detected in all hair samples. The analysis of PAHs in human hair should be useful as a new biomarker to evaluate the exposure to PAHs.
Gene-environment interactions are hypothesized to be major contributors to susceptibility to environmental carcinogens and interindividual variability in cancer risk. We present findings on associations between genetic susceptibility due to inherited polymorphisms of the Phase II detoxification enzyme sulfotransferase 1A1 (SULT1A1), breast cancer risk, and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts. A hospital based case-control study was conducted at the New York-Presbyterian Medical Center (NYPMC). The study utilized two control groups: one comprised of women with benign breast disease (BBD) and the other comprised of women visiting NYPMC for routine gynecologic checkups (healthy controls). Blood samples were collected from cases and controls; and breast tissue from pathology blocks was collected from cases (tumor and non-tumor tissue) and BBD controls (benign tissue). PAH-DNA adduct levels were measured by immunohistochemistry in breast tissue samples, and the SULT1A1 (Arg/His) polymorphism at codon 213 was determined by PCR RFLP analyses using DNA from white blood cells. Increasing number of His alleles was modestly associated with breast cancer case-control status, when cases were compared to healthy controls (p for trend = 0.08), when cases were compared to BBD controls (p for trend = 0.08) and when cases were compared to both control groups combined (p for trend = 0.07). Contrary to our hypothesis PAH-DNA adduct levels in breast tissue were not associated with SULT1A1 genotype. Our findings are consistent with a prior report that the Arg/His polymorphism in SULT1A1 is associated with breast cancer risk.
Expanding industrial activity (notably oil and gas exploration) in the Arctic requires assessment of the potential impact of chemicals on marine organisms living in seawater at low temperature. The bivalve Mya truncata is common in Svalbard fjord (Norway) where it experiences low temperature throughout the year. To measure the impact of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) on M. truncata, the responses of three biomarkers [total oxyradical scavenging capacity-assay (TOSC), plasma membrane stability of haemocytes and respiration rates] were investigated from bivalves exposed to sediment contaminated with a PAH mixture (crude oil). After two weeks of exposure to the contaminated sediment, TOSC showed no change. The high TOSC value (4010+/-1339 unit mg(-1) protein) of Mya truncata (control group) is thought to protect biomolecules with a low turnover rate efficiently in a low food availability environment. In the exposed bivalves, the haemocyte cellular membranes were significantly destabilised compared with controls (P<0.05). Respiration rate of control and PAH-exposed individuals (0.055+/-0.020 mg O(2) dw(-1) h(-1)) was similar and relatively low as is typical for polar bivalves, reflecting a strategy to minimise energy expenditure to cope with 9 months of starvation. Bioaccumulation of PAH by M. truncata was also low, due probably to a combination of low metabolic rate and reduced solubility of the oil compounds at low temperature. Data indicated an uptake of mainly low molecular weight compounds (two and three ring molecules). A good correlation of logBAF(lipid) (bioaccumulation factor) and logK(ow) (octanol/water partitioning coefficient) was shown (r(2)=0.87). Tissue sensitivity and/or functional differences (digestive gland vs. haemocytes), PAH uptake route (dietary vs. gills), the low metabolic rate of M. truncata and the low environmental temperature (reducing the bioavailability of PAH) are factors that help explain these findings.
Differences in lung cancer risk by race/ethnicity have been observed among smokers. To determine whether these observations might reflect differences in the formation of carcinogen-DNA adducts, we analysed blood specimens (n=151) collected from smokers who were recruited for possible participation in an antioxidant vitamin intervention study. Mononuclear cells were analysed for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts by competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Genotypes of glutathione S-transferase M1 and P1 (GSTM1 and GSTP1), enzymes involved in the detoxification of PAH metabolites, were determined by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism, respectively. GSTM1 was present in 65 out of 88 (73.4%), 16 out of 32 (50.0%) and 16 out of 29 (54.8%) of African-Americans, Caucasians and Latinos, respectively (p=0.022). Homozygosity for the GSTP1 codon 105 variant was found in 25.6%, 6.3% and 10.0% of African-Americans, Caucasians and Latinos, respectively (p=0.023). Regression analysis of the log-transformed adduct levels confirmed that Caucasian and Latino subjects had lower PAH-DNA adduct levels than African-American subjects, after adjustment for gender, education, alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene levels, and GSTM1 status. Further adjustment for age and current smoking habits had no impact on these findings. Although crude analysis suggested that the GSTM1-positive genotype may be associated with lower PAH-DNA levels in Caucasians (but not in African-Americans or Latinos), a formal test for interaction between GSTM1 and ethnicity was not significant. We found no association between adduct levels and GSTP1 genotype. Although the mechanism is unclear, ethnic differences in DNA damage levels may in part explain why African-Americans have higher lung cancer incidence rates than other ethnic groups.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) has been used as a biomarker for assessing the level of exposure to environmental carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). In order to perform the appropriate biological monitoring for examining the level of exposure to PAHs, this study investigated whether or not genetic polymorphisms of the metabolic enzymes, which might be involved in the metabolism of pyrene, affected the urinary 1-OHP levels in a population of 661 Koreans (male, 63%; female, 37%; mean age, 36.5 +/- 11.1 years) who were not occupationally exposed to PAHs. Urinary 1-OHP was detected in 76% of the subjects (range 0.001-3.8 micro g/l). Among the physical and lifestyle factors, cigarette-smoking was found to be associated with the urinary 1-OHP levels (P < 0.05). After adjusting for these factors, we found that the GSTT1 genotypes affected the urinary 1-OHP levels, i.e. the GSTT1 present subjects had approximately 1.5 times the urinary 1-OHP level than the GSTT1 null subjects (P < 0.05). In the case of the subjects who were also GSTM1 null, this trend became stronger, i.e. the GSTT1 present subjects had approximately 2 times the urinary 1-OHP level (P < 0.01). However, the genetic polymorphism of the other metabolic enzymes, cytochrome P-450 (CYP)1A1, CYP1B1 and GSTM1 alone, did not affect the urinary 1-OHP level. Therefore, this study suggests that the GSTT1 genetic polymorphism has the potential to affect the biological monitoring of PAHs with urinary 1-OHP, and might act as a genetic factor in PAH-related toxicity.
This study investigated the response of biomarker measurements and histopathological indicators of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure in the flounder (Platichthys flesus L.). Flounder were fed food spiked with a mixture of four PAHs at an environmentally relevant range of concentrations for either one or six months. Ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD) activity was elevated following 1 month exposure to PAH concentrations up to 50 mgkg(-1) in food. Bile metabolite concentrations were found to increase with PAH concentration, up to 500 mgkg(-1) PAH. By comparison, no DNA adducts were detected and there were no significant histopathological changes observed. After 6 months exposure, EROD levels were not elevated but bile metabolites showed a similar dose dependent relationship as in the 1 month experiment, while DNA adducts were only detected in the highest PAH exposure groups. No significant histopathological changes were observed. The results are discussed with respect to the implications for the use of these methods in environmental monitoring studies.
A new method for the detection and quantification of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHPy) in the urines of persons exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) has been evaluated. The method is based on extraction/concentration of the analyte onto a small element cut into tabs from an extraction disk (ENVI-Disk trade mark C18 from Supelco) combined with front-face synchronous fluorescence detection and direct quantification on the solid sorbent element. The limit of detection for 1-OHPy was estimated to be about 0.03-0.04 micro g/L, a value which is significantly lower than the pyrene metabolite concentration commonly found in unexposed to weakly PAH-exposed persons ( approximately 0.1-0.3 micro g/L). A quantification based on only one standard addition has been adopted and the method was validated both by testing analyte recovery using a known amount of a commercially available pyrene metabolite and by comparing the results with those obtained by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The results were very close to the HPLC results, the largest deviations being attributed to variations or defects in the stirring system, the rate stability of which was found to be of major importance for the reproducibility and reliability of the measurements. The applicability of the method was further tested by analyzing 1-OHPy in the urine of a volunteer exposed to various automobile traffic zones. The results confirm previous findings which lead to the conclusion that urinary concentrations of PAH metabolites are influenced more by smoking habit than by exposure to urban atmospheric pollution. Thus, the method appears to be an alternative to the usual method based on HPLC. Moreover it presents some advantages, being simple to operate and requiring relatively low-cost instruments.
This paper describes findings from a recently completed study of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure among city dwellers of Dhaka, Bangladesh. We measured PAH-DNA adducts in white blood cells (WBCs) as a marker of environmental and occupational PAH exposure in 46 rickshaw drivers (who pedal commercial unshielded three-wheelers for passenger transport) and 48 non-rickshaw drivers (comparison group) in Dhaka city. We performed enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) to quantify immunologically the WBC PAH-DNA adducts. Rickshaw drivers had a significantly higher WBC PAH-DNA adducts level than the non-rickshaw drivers. Among rickshaw drivers, adduct levels tended to be positively associated with the duration of residence in the city and cigarette smoking. No such trends were observed among non-rickshaw drivers. In conclusion, the results suggest that urban residents who are occupationally exposed to traffic pollution in Dhaka are at potentially higher risk of health effects from exposure to carcinogenic PAH compounds.
In this study, we investigated by using comet assay the effects of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) as a major factor on DNA damage of workers exposed to exhaust fumes. Twenty-four workers from three automobile emission inspection companies, 28 workers from a waste incinerating company, and 43 matched, unexposed healthy subjects were enrolled in the study. The mean values of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) in automobile emission inspection and waste incineration workers were 0.27+/-0.19 and 0.57+/-0.46 micromol/mol creatinine, respectively, and the mean values of 2-naphthol in automobile emission inspectors and waste incineration workers were 4.80+/-4.01 and 8.30+/-4.79 mol/mol creatinine, respectively. Significant difference in urinary metabolites, 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol was found between smokers and non-smokers in exposed groups and it may be due to the amounts of smoking cigarettes. In T-lymphocytes, DNA damage in control subjects, emission inspection workers and incineration workers were 1.42+/-0.22, 1.41+/-0.22 and 1.76+/-0.27, respectively. DNA damage of B-lymphocytes in the three groups showed the most significant differences of three cell types. The tail moments of the B-lymphocytes of control subjects, emission inspection and incineration workers were 1.40+/-0.27, 2.44+/-0.32 and 2.36+/-0.37, respectively. In granulocytes, DNA damage was also different, the tail moments being 2.72+/-0.59, 3.32+/-0.38 and 2.85+/-0.49, respectively. Although 1-OHP and 2-naphthol levels were statistically increased in smokers in workers exposed to PAHs, exposed smoking and non-smoking workers did not show any significantly difference in terms of Olive tail moments. Our results suggest that PAH causes single strand DNA breakage in human T- and B-lymphocytes, and granulocytes. A comparison of DNA damage in three groups showed that B-lymphocytes are useful target in the biomonitoring of human exposure.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the potential for exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) to induce oxidative DNA damage, we conducted a cross-sectional study in coke-oven workers employed at an iron-steel factory. METHODS: The study population contained 119 coke-oven workers from different work areas of the oven and 38 controls. Personal information on age, employment duration, smoking habit and alcohol consumption was obtained at an interview. Leukocyte 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) was measured by high performance liquid chromatography with electrochemical detection. Leukocyte aromatic DNA adducts as effective dose, and urinary 1-hydroxypyren as internal dose, were also measured, and used to analyze the relationship of 8-OHdG with other biomarkers for PAH exposure, tobacco smoke and alcohol consumption. RESULTS: The leukocyte 8-OHdG revealed a wide inter-individual variation. The highest 8-OHdG level was detected in bottom-workers of the coke-oven. There were significant differences among the four different work areas ( P=0.02). We could not find significant correlation between 8-OHdG levels and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, but a weakly positive correlation was found between 8-OHdG and leukocyte aromatic DNA adducts among all subjects (r=0.19 P=0.03). We could not observe any effect of smoking and alcohol drinking on 8-OHdG production. CONCLUSION: We could not find clear evidence that PAH exposure induces oxidative DNA damage. 
A disease prevalence study and follow-up health surveillance were conducted among residents of an African-American community situated at the site of a former creosote wood-treatment facility contaminated with polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. Household interviews were conducted among 214 residents living around the hazardous waste site (target population) and 212 comparison residents in a neighborhood 2.4 km away from the site. Target area residents reported a higher prevalence of skin rashes than comparison residents (relative risk [RR] = 5.7; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 3.0, 10.9). The prevalence of reported rashes increased with increasing levels of anthracene detected in yards (test for linear trend, p = 0.02). With adjustment for environmental worry, reports of chronic bronchitis and difficulties becoming pregnant did not differ significantly between target and comparison residents (p > 0.05).
The aim of the present study is to evaluate the influence of the genetic polymorphism of two enzymes involved in the biotransformation of xenobiotics, cytochrome P450 1A1 (CYP1A1) and glutathione-S-transferase M1 (GSTM1), on the urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH-P) in workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and in unexposed workers (controls). The study group consisted of 30 controls recruited among employees of a service company and 171 PAHs-exposed workers from two electric steel plants and an iron foundry (all males, ranging between 18 and 60 years of age). Determination of airborne PAHs and urinary 1-OH-P was performed by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) with fluorimetric detection. Polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-based restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) was used to determine the genetic polymorphisms of CYP1A1 (CYP1A1*2A and CYP1A1*2B) and GSTM1. No influence of the genetic polymorphism of CYP1A1 and GSTM1 on the urinary levels of 1-OH-P was observed in this study.
Coke-oven workers (COWs) are occupationally exposed to high concentrations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). Urinary 8-hydroxy-2-deoxyguanosine (8-OH-dG) and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) are biological markers of oxidative DNA damage and PAH metabolism, respectively. We investigated the relationship between urinary 8-OH-dG and 1-OHP in 217 Taiwanese COWs, 55 topside-oven, and 162 sideoven workers. For topside-oven workers, mean 8-OH-dG and 1-OHP concentrations (ng/ml +/- SD) were 13.8 +/- 12.0 and 93.5 +/- 104.4, respectively. These levels were significantly higher than those for sideoven workers: 10.2 +/- 7.9 ng/ml (P = 0.04) and 19.8 +/- 28.6 ng/ml (P < 0.001), respectively. Individual urinary 8-OH-dG concentrations were directly correlated with urinary 1-OHP concentrations: the higher the 1-OHP level, the higher the 8-OH-dG level (Spearman correlation coefficients: r = 0.43, P < 0.0001, n = 217). Multiple regression analysis indicated that a 10-fold increase in 1-OHP was associated with a 1.91-fold increase in 8-OH-dG. Compared to no vitamin intake, intake of at least one multiple vitamin pill per week reduced 8-OH-dG excretion (P = 0.02). Our findings suggest that urinary 1-OHP and 8-OH-dG reflect occupational PAH exposure and oxidative DNA damage in COWs. In addition, multiple vitamins may reduce oxidative stress caused by PAH exposure.
We investigated the association between alcohol consumption, GSTM1 genotype, and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adduct levels in breast tissue. Women referred for breast surgery were enrolled prior to surgery, responded to an interview, and gave a blood sample. Women diagnosed with ductal carcinoma in situ and invasive ductal or lobular cancer were defined as cases, and women with benign conditions without atypia were defined as controls. Paraffin-embedded tumor and nontumor tissue from cases and benign tissue from controls were retrieved from the pathology samples. GSTM1 genotype status was determined by PCR using WBC DNA, and PAH-DNA adduct levels were measured in breast tissue using immunohistochemistry. In tumor and nontumor tissue from cases, the GSTM1-null genotype was associated with increased adduct levels among current alcohol consumers but not among nondrinkers. In nontumor tissue, the interaction between genotype and alcohol consumption was significant (P=0.02), but in tumor tissue, the interaction did not achieve statistical significance (P=0.10). In benign tissue from controls, there was no association between genotype and adducts, regardless of drinking status. Among subjects with the null genotype who drank alcohol, adduct levels were significantly higher in tumor and nontumor tissue from cases than in benign tissue from controls. These results indicate the presence of a novel gene-lifestyle interaction that influences PAH-DNA adduct levels in breast tissue from cases but not controls. This apparent difference in PAH metabolism in response to alcohol may be an important clue as to how alcohol influences breast cancer risk.
Treatment of the widely occurring tropical cichlid, Oreochromis mossambicus with a pure polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH), phenanthrene, induced a concentration-dependant formation of the enzyme, 7-ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD). Concomittant increase (65-669%) in the activity of sorbitol dehydrogenase in the serum (SSDH) occurring with EROD induction denoted liver cell damage, which was more severe in fish exposed to lower concentrations (0.4-4 microg g-1) of the chemical. In O. mossambicus exposed to 25% refinery effluent liver damage associated with cell death was indicated by the twin analyses of SSDH and liver somatic index. Cell injury appeared to have occurred at low PAH concentrations due to inadequately induced phase II-related detoxification of metabolites. This was indicated by the nearly 33% higher activity of hepatic glutathione S-transferase (GST) in fish exposed to higher PAH concentrations as compared to low-exposure animals. Tilapia such as O. mossambicus were found to be eminently suited for biomonitoring in tropical coastal waters. A combination of EROD and serum sorbitol dehydrogenase activity measurements serves as an excellent tool for biomonitoring sublethal effects of PAH pollution in fish.
The aim of this study was to investigate the electrophilic tissue burden (ETB) formation, assessed as covalent binding of the ultimate carcinogen benzo( a)pyrene diolepoxide (BaPDE) with cellular proteins, in liver, lung and heart, as well as with haemoglobin (Hb) following repeated exposure to binary mixtures of benzo( a)pyrene (BaP) and pyrene (P). Male Sprague-Dawley rats were injected intraperitoneally, once daily for 10 consecutive days, with binary mixtures of BaP and P in three different exposure scenarios corresponding to BaP/P ratios of 0.2, 1 and 5 and with three dose levels of BaP (2, 6 and 20 mg/kg) for each scenario. ETB levels were measured as the ultimate analyte benzo( a)pyrene tetrol (BaPTeT) obtained after mild acid hydrolysis of BaPDE-adducts with proteins. A high-performance liquid chromatography fluorescence technique was used to quantify the analyte. Similar ETB levels (within a factor of 4) were observed in all tissues studied at any given binary dose. However, the ETB generally tended to be somewhat higher in metabolically active tissues (i.e. liver and lung) than in metabolically non-active tissues (i.e. heart and Hb). Lack of influence of pyrene on ETB levels in all tissues was confirmed over the binary dose range examined. Linear BaP-dose-dependent ETB formation in all tissues (at P</=0.05) was observed. Linear regressions were found for all between-tissue relationships of ETB over the exposure doses, with best linear correlations obtained for ETB in heart versus Hb ( R(2)=0.709; P<0.0001) and ETB in lung versus Hb ( R(2)=0.507; P<0.0001). The results thus suggest that BaPDE-Hb adducts could serve as a surrogate of the ETB, namely in tissues that are potential targets for carcinogenicity such as lung. The results obtained in this study indicate the role of the ETB as a promising molecular biomarker of the potential cellular damage resulting from intracellular covalent binding in animal studies.
Coke-oven workers are exposed to a high concentration of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, which may change the immunologic responses. In this study, we evaluated humoral immunity by measuring serum IgA, IgE, IgG, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha in 251 coke-oven workers and 89 rolling steel workers in Taiwan. Mean values of serum IgE and tumor necrosis factor-alpha levels were 178.8 IU/mL and 8.4 pg/mL in coke-oven workers, respectively, which were significantly higher than in rolling steel workers (102.6 IU/mL and 2.0 pg/mL; P=0.003 and <0.001). In contrast, serum IgA levels were significantly lower in coke-oven workers than in rolling steel workers (mean=264.7 vs 312.0 mg/dL, P<0.001). Our findings suggest that polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure may alter the immune responses in coke-oven workers.
The exposure of paving workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) during stone mastic asphalt (SMA) paving and remixing was evaluated. The effects on the workers' PAH exposure were also evaluated during the use of an industrial by-product, coal fly ash (CFA), instead of limestone as the filler in the SMA. The PAH exposure was measured by personal air sampling and by analysing the levels of urinary naphthols, phenanthrols and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) in the workers' pre- and post-shift urine samples. The respiratory PAH exposure of the paving workers (geometric mean (GM) 5.7 microg m(-3)) was about ten-fold that of the traffic controllers (GM 0.43 microg m(-3)). The levels of PAH metabolites were significantly higher (p < 0.05) in the post-shift urine samples than in the pre-shift urine samples, and the levels of metabolites in the post-shift urine of paving workers were significantly higher than in that of the controls (p < 0.01). Urinary 1-naphthol correlated well with the airborne concentrations of the two- to three-ring PAHs (r = 0.544, p = 0.003) and naphthalene (r = 0.655, p < 0.001), when non-smoking paving workers were tested. A good correlation was observed between urinary 1-OHP and the airborne concentrations of the four- to six-ring PAHs (r = 0.524, p = 0.003) as well as total PAHs (r = 0.575, p = 0.001). The concentrations of 1-OHP and phenanthrols in the urine of the pavers were significantly higher (p < 0.01) during remixing than during SMA paving. The CFA in the asphalt had no effect on the airborne PAH exposure or on the concentrations of the PAH metabolites in the paving workers' urine.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are environmental pollutants that are converted to cytotoxic and carcinogenic metabolites, quinones, by detoxifying enzyme systems in animals. PAH metabolites such as the quinones can form Michael adducts with biological macromolecules containing reactive nucleophiles, making detection of exposure to PAHs difficult using conventional techniques. A technique has been developed for detecting exposure to PAHs. Tetramethylammonium hydroxide (TMAH) thermochemolysis coupled with GC/MS is proposed as an assay method for PAH quinones that have formed Michael adducts with biological molecules. Three PAH quinones (1,4-naphthoquinone, 1,2-naphthoquinone, and 1,4-anthraquinone) and 1,4-benzoquinone were reacted with cysteine, and the TMAH thermochemolysis method was used to assay for both thiol and amine adduction between the quinones and the cysteine. Additional studies with 1,4-naphthoquinone adducts to glutathione and bovine serum albumin showed the same thiol and amine TMAH thermochemolysis products with larger peptides as was observed with cysteine adducts. The TMAH GC/MS method clearly shows great promise for detecting PAH quinones, produced by enzymatic conversion of PAHs in biological systems, that have been converted to respective Michael adducts.
This study was designed to investigate the relationship between environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and oxidative stress, and to evaluate the effects of cigarette smoking and the genetic polymorphisms of CYP1A1, CYP2E1, GSTM1, NAT2 and UGT1A6 on the relationship. The subjects of this study were 105 healthy Korean males without occupational exposure to PAHs. The 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) level in leukocytes, and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and 2-naphthol concentrations, were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography. Genetic polymorphisms of CYP1A1, CYP2E1, GSTM1, NAT2 and UGT1A6 were identified by PCR and PCR-RFLP methods. The 8-OHdG level showed a significant correlation with the 1-OHP concentration in all subjects (p<.001) and in smokers (p<.01), and with the 2-naphthol level in non-smokers (p<.01). The 8-OHdG level was significantly higher in smoking rapid acetylators than in smoking slow or intermediate acetylators, and in individuals with the UGT1A6 wild-type than in those with the UGT1A6 mutant genotype. Significant positive correlations between 8-OHdG and 1-OHP concentrations were found in subjects with every genotype of the CYP1A1 and CYP2E1 genes, with the GSTM1 null-type, with the NAT2 genotype of a rapid acetylator, and with the UGT1A6 wild-type, respectively. The urinary 2-naphthol level significantly correlated with the 8-OHdG level only in subjects with the GSTM1 null-type. In conclusion, there is a significant correlation between the 8-OHdG level in leukocytes and the urinary 1-OHP concentration in the population not occupationally exposed to PAHs. This relationship is affected by genetic polymorphisms in PAH metabolic enzymes.
Hospital waste incinerator workers are exposed to various pyrolysis products including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). We evaluated their exposure by assessing urinary 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide (1-OHPG), as an internal dose of PAH exposure. The potential effect of genetic polymorphisms of GSTM1/T1 involved in PAH metabolisms was also investigated. Pre- and post-shift samples were collected from 28 hospital incinerator workers. Urinary 1-OHPG was assayed by synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy (SFS) after immunoaffinity purification with the monoclonal antibody 8E11. Genotypes of GSTM1/T1 were assessed by PCR-based methods. Information on smoking habits and use of personal protective equipment were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire. The Mann-Whitney test was used to compare group means of these biomarkers. Urinary 1-OHPG levels were similar in pre- and post-shift urine samples. The arithmetic mean concentrations of urinary 1-OHPG were 0.16 +/- 0.04 micromol/mol creatinine pre-shift and 0.19 +/- 0.09 micromol/mol creatinine post-shift, but urinary 1-OHPG levels were significantly higher in individuals with the GSTM1 null genotype than with the GSTM1 present genotype (p=0.05, by Mann-Whitney test). Our results suggest that the urinary 1-OHPG levels in hospital waste incinerator workers may be modified by the GSTM1 genotype, but these findings remain to be confirmed in future studies involving larger sample sizes.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), an exposure biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), was used to identify potential sources of PAH exposure for 660 Koreans who were not occupationally exposed to PAHs (65% male; 35% female; mean age, 36.5 +/- 11.1 years). In this study, 74% of subjects had detectable levels of urinary 1-OHP, with a concentration range of 0.001-3.796 microg/L (median, 0.079 microg/L). A backward elimination was conducted: five variables were selected with a significance level for removal of P < or = 0.1. The results of this study showed that residence in areas with relatively poor environmental conditions (Seoul and Suwon) was strongly associated with high concentrations of urinary 1-OHP (P = 0.007), while consumption of fried chicken and length of time spent outdoors had marginal positive associations with urinary 1-OHP levels (P = 0.06 and P = 0.09, respectively). Compared with the above three factors, tobacco smoking and urinary cotinine levels were poorly associated with urinary 1-OHP (P = 0.16 and 0.23, respectively). Pear consumption had an inverse association with urinary 1-OHP levels (P < 0.01). Individual variations in urinary 1-OHP concentrations were evaluated by considering the subjects' age, sex, and genetic polymorphisms in enzymes involved in the metabolism of PAHs. Among the individual variations, GSTT1-present subjects showed higher 1-OHP levels than GSTT1-absent subjects in cities having 10-microm particulate matter (PM(10)) levels and population density lower than those of Seoul and Suwon (P < 0.05). These epidemiological results suggest that the above factors that should be considered in preventing PAH exposure.
During biological monitoring of exposure to a chemical, a possible source of interindividual variability in the measurement of a urinary metabolite that undergoes enterohepatic cycling is the presence of dietary fiber in the gastrointestinal tract. This study examined the effect of diets containing either the insoluble fiber Alphacel (nonnutritive bulk cellulose) or the soluble pectin (from citrus fruit, MW 20,000-40,000). Five groups of male Sprague-Dawley rats received one of the following diets: poor (5% w/w) or rich (15% w/w) in Alphacel, poor (5% w/w) or rich (15% w/w) in pectin, or no fiber (NF). Five micromol/kg of pyrene was administered by iv injection immediately after feeding the animals with their respective diet, and urine and feces collections started for the determination of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), a metabolite of pyrene. The type of fiber had no influence on the results. The rats receiving diets both poor and rich in fiber excreted less 1-OHP (18 +/- 8 and 15 +/- 7 pmol per g of rat, respectively) in the 24-h urine samples than the NF group (28 +/- 6 pmol/g). There was a nonstatistically significant trend towards increased fecal and total (urinary + fecal) 1-OHP excretion with increasing amount of fiber in the diet. An in vitro experiment showed an inverse correlation (r(2) = 0.98) between the amount of Alphacel in suspension in a 1-OHP aqueous solution and the recovery of 1-OHP from the soluble fraction. The reduction in urinary output of the metabolite due to fiber reaching approximately 40% may contribute to its interindividual variability observed in occupational and environmental studies.
Individual differences in the metabolic activation and detoxification of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) may influence cancer risk. This has been investigated in many studies using genotyping approaches, but the results to date have been inconsistent. We propose that carcinogen metabolite phenotyping would be a more reliable way to determine the role of host metabolism in PAH-related cancer. Many PAHs are metabolically activated by formation of bay-region diol epoxides. Phenanthrene, generally considered to be noncarcinogenic, is the simplest PAH with a bay region and is metabolized to diol epoxides by the same enzymes and with the same stereochemistry as the prototypic carcinogenic PAH, benzo[a]pyrene. The major end product of this metabolic activation pathway is r-1,t-2,3,c-4-tetrahydroxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydrophenanthrene (trans, anti-PheT). We have developed a method for the analysis of trans, anti-PheT in human urine. r-1,t-2,4,c-3-tetrahydroxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydrophenanthrene (trans, syn-PheT) was used as internal standard. After hydrolysis by beta-glucuronidase and sulfatase, solid phase extraction, and high-performance liquid chromatography collection, the sample was silylated and analyzed by gas chromatography-negative ion chemical ionization-mass spectrometry-selected ion monitoring at m/z 372. The resulting chromatograms were remarkably clean and trans, anti-PheT was readily detected in all human urine samples. Levels of trans, anti-PheT were 791 +/- 363 pmol/mg creatinine (n = 20) in psoriasis patients treated with a PAH-containing ointment, 25.7 +/- 16.8 pmol/mg creatinine (n = 32) in coke oven workers exposed to PAH, 4.58 +/- 2.95 pmol/mg creatinine (n = 31) in smokers, and 1.51 +/- 1.15 pmol/mg creatinine (n = 30) in nonsmokers. Levels of trans, anti-PheT correlated with levels of 1-hydroxypyrene in the urine of coke oven workers, smokers, and nonsmokers. Thus, trans, anti-PheT appears to be an excellent biomarker of PAH uptake. Levels of trans, anti-PheT were 8,000-19,000 times higher than those of the corresponding metabolite of benzo[a]pyrene. The results of this study demonstrate that trans, anti-PheT can be detected in human urine. We propose that measurement of this metabolite of phenanthrene may be important as part of a carcinogen metabolite-phenotyping approach to determine individual response to PAH exposure.
BACKGROUND: Previous studies in Denmark have shown that bus drivers and tramway employees were at an increased risk for developing several types of cancer and that bus drives from central Copenhagen have high levels of biomarkers of DNA damage. AIMS: The present study evaluates 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations and mutagenic activity in urine as biomarkers of exposure in non-smoking bus drivers in city and rural areas on a work day and a day off and in non-smoking mail carriers working outdoors (in the streets) and indoors (in the office). METHODS: Twenty-four hour urine samples were collected on a working day and a day off from 60 non-smoking bus drivers in city and rural areas and from 88 non-smoking mail carriers working outdoors (in the streets) and indoors (in the office). The concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene was measured by means of HPLC and the mutagenic activity was assessed by the Ames assay with Salmonella tester strain YG1021 and S9 mix. The N-acetyltransferase (NAT2) phenotype was used as a biomarker for susceptibility to mutagenic/carcinogenic compounds. RESULTS: Bus drivers excreted more 1-hydroxypyrene in urine than did mail carriers. The differences were slightly smaller when NAT2 phenotype, cooking at home, exposure to vehicle exhaust, and performing physical exercise after work were included. The NAT2 slow acetylators had 29% (1.29 [CI: 1.15-1.98]) higher 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in urine than the fast acetylators. Male bus drivers had 0.92 revertants/mol creatinine [CI: 0.37-1.47] and female bus drivers 1.90 revertants/mol creatinine [CI: 1.01-2.79] higher mutagenic activity in urine than mail carriers. CONCLUSION: The present study indicates that bus drivers are more exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and mutagens than mail carriers. Mail carriers who worked outdoors had higher urinary concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene, a marker of exposure to PAH, than those working indoors. The individual levels of urinary mutagenic activity were not correlated to excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene. This might be due to the fact that the most potent mutagenic compounds in diesel exhaust are not PAH but dinitro-pyrenes. Among bus drivers, fast NAT2 acetylators had higher mutagenic activity in urine than slow NAT2 acetylators and female bus drivers had higher mutagenic activity than male bus drivers. 
Rubber tire material contains toxic compounds including oils rich in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), so-called highly aromatic (HA) oils, as well as other reactive additives used as antioxidants, antiozonants, and vulcanization accelerators. The toxicity of rubber tire leachates to aquatic organisms has been demonstrated before. However, previous studies have focused on lethal rather than sublethal effects. We kept rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) in tanks with two types of tires: a tire containing HA oils in the tread or a tire free of HA oils in the tread. After 1 d of exposure, an induction of cytochrome P4501A1 (CYP1A1) was evident in both exposed groups, measured as elevated ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD) activity and increased CYP1A1 mRNA levels. After two weeks of exposure, EROD activity and CYP1A1 mRNA were still high in fish exposed to leachate from HA oil-containing tire, whereas the effect was somewhat lower in fish exposed to leachate from HA oil-free tread tire. Compounds in the tire leachates also affected antioxidant parameters. Total glutathione concentration in liver as well as hepatic glutathione reductase, glutathione S-transferase, and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activities were markedly elevated after two weeks of exposure in both groups. The responses were greater in the group exposed to leachate from HA oil-free tread tire. Vitellogenin measurements did not indicate leakage of estrogenic compounds from the tires. Chemical analyses of bile from exposed fish revealed the presence of hydroxylated PAH as well as aromatic nitrogen compounds indicating uptake of these compounds by the fish.
In this study, the authors evaluated the relationship between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-deoxyribonucleic acid (PAH-DNA) adduct levels in workers' peripheral white blood cells (WBCs) and their occupational exposures to coke oven emissions (measured by air and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene [1-OHP]). Personal exposures to smoking, charbroiled food, changing clothes in the workplace, and respirator use were determined by questionnaire. Eighty-nine coke oven workers were divided into 3 exposure groups on the basis of job description: topside workers, cokeside workers, and plant office staff. Referent subjects comprised 63 individuals from the same company who worked at a site remote from the coking plant. The geometric mean (GM) PAH-DNA adduct levels determined from the WBCs of the exposed groups were 6.86, 1.56, and 0.90 adducts/10(8) nucleotides, respectively (referents = 0.38 adducts/10(8) nucleotides). GM personal benzene soluble fraction (BSF) exposures for the exposed groups were 483.2 microg/m3, 70.1 microg/m3, and 43.2 microg/m3, respectively (referents = 10.7 microg/m3). There was a significant correlation (p < 0.05) between individual BSF and PAH-DNA adduct levels for the exposed groups. The authors also found a significant correlation (p < 0.05) between urinary 1-OHP levels from the day 2 samples of the exposed groups and their PAH-DNA adduct levels. The logistic-regression model revealed that PAH-DNA adduct levels were significantly different between job categories. The results of this study indicate that BSF exposure is the primary contributor to PAH-DNA adduct levels determined from WBCs.
In this study, 32 booth attendants (the exposure group) and 21 in pre-job training to become booth attendants (the reference group) were randomly selected from a highway toll station. Personal PAH samplings were conducted on the exposure group on each day during the studied workweek. Pre-shift urinary 1-hydroxylpyrene levels (1-OHP) were measured on the first day of the workweek (BM(pre)) for both the exposure and reference groups, but the post-shift 1-OHP levels were measured on the last day of the workweek (BM(pest)) only for the exposure group. For the exposure group, we found that their mean total PAH exposure level (C(total PAHs)) was 11 400 ng/m3 and that their mean BM(post) was significantly higher than their mean BM(pre) (= 3.02 and 0.910 micromol of 1-OHP/mol of creatinine, respectively). In addition, the mean BM(pre) for the exposure group were higher than that for the reference group (= 0.410 micromol of 1-OHP/mol of creatinine). The above results suggest that vehicle exhaust significantly affects the booth attendants' 1-OHP levels. None of the three personal factors (age, work experience, and smoking habit), except for C(total PAHs), had a significant effect on predicting booth attendants' BM(inc) levels (= BM(post) - BM(pre)) (R2 = 0.57). The above results suggest that urinary 1-OHP could be a suitable biomarker for characterizing workers' PAH exposures. Similarly, we found that none of the three personal characteristics, except for the involved vehicle flow rates and vehicle types, had a significant effect on predicting booth attendants' BM(inc), levels (R2 = 0.60). The above result suggests that the traffic densities of various traffic types could be a suitable surrogate indicator for assessing workers' PAH exposures. Considering that the type of traffic designed for a given type of tollbooth is quite similar all over the world, the results obtained from this study, at least, could be served as a stepping-stone for providing a cheaper and convenient way for assessing traffic PAH exposures in the future.
We investigated the utility of adducts formed by the reaction of the naphthalene metabolites naphthalene-1,2-oxide, 1,2-naphthoquinone (1,2-NPQ), and 1,4-naphthoquinone (1,4-NPQ) with serum albumin (Alb) as biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. Cysteinyl serum Alb adducts of 1,2- and 1,4-NPQ (1,2-NPQ-Alb and 1,4-NPQ-Alb, respectively) but not of naphthalene-1,2-oxide were detected in 28 coke oven workers and 22 controls from the steel industry of northern China. The median level of 1,2-NPQ-Alb in coke oven workers (76.6 pmol/g) was significantly higher than that observed in controls (44.9 pmol/g; P = 0.0027). However, the median level of 1,4-NPQ-Alb in exposed subjects was not significantly different from that of controls (48.6 versus 44.2 pmol/g; P = 0.296). Levels of 1,2-NPQ-Alb were significantly correlated with exposure category (controls, side and bottom workers, and top-of-oven workers) as well as with previously measured levels of urinary naphthalene, 1- and 2-naphthol, and 1-pyrenol in these subjects. Multiple linear regression analysis revealed that 35% of the variation in 1,2-NPQ-Alb could be explained by the work category and age. A negative relationship between 1,2-NPQ-Alb and age was observed, suggesting that cytochrome P450 c metabolism diminished with age at approximately 3%/year of life.
This study was aimed at investigating the correlation between biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and, more specifically, at examining the role of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) as a reliable measure of internal dose linked to the electrophilic tissue burden (ETB), assessed as covalent binding of the ultimate carcinogen benzo( a)pyrene diolepoxide (BaPDE) with cellular proteins in target organs. The protocol included experimental verification of a previously proposed algorithm for adjustment of reference values for urinary 1-OHP with exposure to different mixtures of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a rat model. Hence, the relationships between ETB in liver, lung, and heart as well as the BaPDE-haemoglobin adducts level on the one hand, and urinary/faecal 1-OHP or urinary/faecal 3-hydroxybenzo( a)pyrene (3-OHBaP) on the other hand have been examined. Male Sprague-Dawley rats received intraperitoneally, once daily for 10 consecutive days, binary mixtures of benzo( a)pyrene (BaP) and pyrene (P) in three different exposure scenarios corresponding to BaP/P ratios of 0.2, 1 and 5, with three doses of BaP (2, 6 and 20 mg/kg) for each scenario. The ETB levels were measured as the ultimate analyte benzo( a)pyrene tetrol (BaPTeT) obtained after mild acid hydrolysis of BaPDE adducts with proteins. It was experimentally confirmed that: (1) urinary 1-OHP is a reliable biomarker linked to the ETB in tissues that are targets for carcinogenicity, such as lung, for the BaP/P ratios of 0.2 and 1 (linear regression p=0.0099 and 0.0293, respectively); (2) urinary 3-OHBaP is correlated with the BaPDE-haemoglobin adducts for all three exposure scenarios ( p=0.0011 for BaP/P=0.2, p<0.0001 for BaP/P=1 and p=0.0099 for BaP/P=5). The experimental relationship between ETB and urinary 1-OHP was used to interpolate biological limit values for the urinary metabolite assuming three arbitrary critical levels of ETB. These were compared with the values calculated from the algorithm using the BaP/P ratio 1 mixture as a reference. The ratios of calculated to observed values varied from 1.0 to 1.6 for the BaP/P 0.2 mixture, and from 1.9 to 3.0 for the BaP/P 5 mixture. The results obtained in the present study indicate that the algorithm mentioned above applies well for two of the three exposure scenarios corresponding to realistic occupational BaP/P ratios of 0.2 and 1. This suggests that, using ETB as an endpoint, the proposed algorithm will reasonably predict the critical value of urinary 1-OHP for mixtures having different BaP/P ratios. Stronger linear relationships between ETB in all chosen tissues and 1-OHP or 3-OHBaP excretion were obtained with urinary metabolites than with their faecal analogues. Thus urinary 1-OHP and 3-OHBaP are more reliable biomarkers in biological monitoring strategies.
OBJECTIVES: To compare the apparent urinary excretion rates of both creatinine and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and to assess the value of creatinine normalization for both toxicokinetic analysis and the routine examination of workers. METHODS: All urine samples were collected from individuals who had been exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), occupationally and non-occupationally, for at least 24 consecutive hours. Urinary creatinine and 1-OHP were determined. 1-OHP excretion rates were expressed either as a function of creatinine excretion rate or as unadjusted values. Theoretical relationships between creatinine-normalized excretion of metabolites and body weight-adjusted inhaled dose were drawn for men with a constant body mass index. RESULTS: Creatinine excretion rate paralleled 1-OHP excretion rate. The plot of creatinine excretion rate-adjusted excretion rate of 1-OHP vs time led to smooth curves for determination of toxicokinetic parameters. Creatinine normalization was adequate, even for samples with a urinary creatinine concentration below 0.5 g/l or above 3 g/l. A theoretical analysis revealed that men weighing between 50 kg and 100 kg, exposed to a constant dose of a pollutant producing a urinary metabolite excreted by the same mechanism as creatinine, would exhibit a body weight-adjusted dose span of 2 with an accompanying creatinine-normalized metabolite excretion span of 2.23-fold. CONCLUSION: The kinetics of creatinine excretion parallels that of 1-OHP, and a creatinine excretion rate-normalized excretion rate of 1-OHP appears to allow for a better determination of the toxicokinetic parameters of 1-OHP urinary excretion. At least in the case of 1-OHP, creatinine normalization seems valid, even for very dilute or very concentrated urine samples. Finally, because creatinine normalization not only compensates for variable diuresis but also correlates better with the body weight-adjusted dose of the parent compound, it should be used in biological monitoring of exposure to (PAHs) pyrene and to other substances whose urinary biomarker excretion kinetics parallel that of creatinine. 
AIMS AND BACKGROUND: Several chemical compounds included in the group of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and benzene are well-known human carcinogens present in the atmosphere of polluted urban areas. Major sources include vehicle traffic and industrial emissions, but also cigarette smoke. Genotoxic damage derived from exposure to PAHs can be measured in healthy adults by specific assays as PAH-DNA adducts. In the frame of EPIC-Italy, we recently carried out a cross-sectional study in different areas of the country (Palli et al., Int J Cancer, 87: 444-451, 2000) and showed that mean DNA adduct levels varied considerably among different centers, being highest in Florence (a large metropolitan area in Tuscany) and lowest in Ragusa (a small town in Sicily). METHODS: A subgroup of EPIC volunteers, representative of these two local cohorts, agreed to collect 24-h urine samples, and we measured the excretion of two potential biomarkers of exposure to environmental pollutants: t,t-muconic acid (MA), a metabolite of benzene, and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), a metabolite of pyrene. Overall, 69 24-h urine samples were available for analyses. RESULTS: The absolute amounts of 1-OHP and MA excreted in the 24-h urine samples were 169.6 ng and 33.8 microg, respectively. Urinary excretion of both metabolites did not vary according to age or area of residence. Strongly significant differences emerged when current smokers were compared to non-smokers for 1-OHP (P = 0.0001) and MA (P = 0.01), thus confirming that smokers are directly exposed to PAHs and benzene from tobacco smoke, with a dose-dependent effect particularly evident for MA. Multivariate analyses showed positive associations of 1-OHP excretion with male sex, low education and being overweight but not with residence in two areas with contrasting levels of urban pollution; MA excretion tended to be higher in Florence. CONCLUSIONS: These two urinary metabolites are strongly related to tobacco smoke and do not appear to represent reliable biomarkers of exposure to environmental pollutants in the general population. 
AIMS: To investigate whether current occupational exposure of coke oven workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) results in genotoxic effects measured in peripheral blood lymphocytes and whether these biomarkers are associated with the biomarkers of exposure. METHODS: Blood and urine samples were collected immediately after a shift at the end of a working week from 50 coke oven workers and 50 control workers not exposed to PAHs. Methods included: (1) biomarkers of exposure: urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (HpU), urinary mutagenicity by the plate Salmonella test with strains TA98 and YG1024 after metabolic activation, expressed as mutagenic rate (MR98 and MR1024, respectively), urinary cotinine; and (2) biomarkers of biological effects in peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBL): sister chromatid exchanges (SCE/cell), cells of high frequency of SCE (% HFC), micronuclei (MN/1000 cells), chromosomal aberrations (CA/100 cells), and DNA damage by the Comet assay. RESULTS: Occupational exposure to PAH resulted in significantly increased levels of HpU and mutagenic effect of urine. Median values of these biomarkers in coke oven workers were: 9.0 micromol/mol creatinine for HpU, 2.7 for MR98, and 8.2 for MR1024, compared to the controls: HpU = 0.6 micromol/mol creatinine, MR98 = 1.2, and MR1024 = 5.5. Occupational exposure caused significant induction of SCE, HFC, and MN in coke oven workers: median SCE = 5.9, HFC = 12.0%, MN = 6.0 compared to the controls: 3.9, 5.0%, and 3.0, respectively. No effect of occupational exposure was found in relation to CA and DNA damage measured with the Comet assay. HpU concentration was positively associated with SCE and HFC. The concentration of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene corresponding to a 5% probability of increased SCE was 1.0 micromol/mol creatinine. CONCLUSIONS: The occupational exposure to PAHs resulted in measurable biological effects (SCE, HFC, MN). In coke oven workers an increased level of SCE was not observed below the level of 1.0 micromol HpU/mol creatinine. 
Chemical (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon - PAH and heavy metal) levels in stormwater and sediment samples collected from the London Orbital (M25) motorway drainage dry detention pond at Oxted, Surrey, UK were determined. Such chemicals are derived from vehicular combustion products and the wear and tear materials deposited onto the motorway surface. Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) was used for the qualitative and quantitative determination of 16 USEPA priority PAHs in motorway drainage sediments. The GC-MS method, incorporating a solid phase extraction step, provides detection limits ranging from 0.17 to 0.41 mg kg(-1)(dry weight). Almost all of the 16 USEPA listed PAHs were detected. Phenanthrene, fluoranthene, pyrene, benzo(a)anthracene, chrysene, benzo(b)fluoranthene, benzo(a)pyrene and benzo(g,h,i)perylene (PAH numbers 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13 and 16) were among the PAHs found at "higher" levels (ranging from 0.3-10.2 mg kg(-1), dry weight) in the sediment samples. PAH levels show little change along the motorway drainage silt trap (facility for reducing the levels of suspended particulate matter in the stormwater). PAH concentrations are considerably higher in the dry detention pond outflow interceptor. Statistical analysis showed that significant correlation coefficients (based on a t-test at the 95% confidence interval) were obtained between those PAHs found at high concentrations over all of the sampling sites. Several PAHs were dispersed beyond the treatment facility and accumulation in the sediment of the deer park resulted in levels ranging from 0.3-1.6 mg kg(-1), dry weight. These PAHs found beyond the treatment facility (in the local farm deer park) may contribute a serious health threat to farm animals or even fish in the aquatic environment. Heavy metal levels (V, Cr, Mn, Fe, Co, Ni, Cu, Zn, Mo, Cd, Sb and Pb) of the drainage stormwater and sediments were determined by inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS), with quality control evaluation using two certified reference materials. Typical detection limits were found to be below 0.1 [micro sign]g l(-1) for stormwater and 0.005 mg kg(-1) for acid digested sediments. Raised heavy metal levels were found throughout the dry detention pond facility and only decrease when the stormwater is diluted following discharge into the river Eden. Statistical analysis also confirms that some significant correlations exist between various heavy metals and PAHs. However, no overall conclusive trend is found indicating that a particular PAH is deposited in sediment relative to a specific heavy metal/s. These results raise some serious concerns about the dispersion and accumulation of chemicals in the sediments of motorway stormwater drainage systems and the need for maintenance and clean-up of contaminated material from such systems.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous and potentially harmful contaminants of the coastal and marine environment. Studies of their bioavailability, disposition and metabolism in marine organisms are therefore important for environmental monitoring purposes. Detecting PAH compounds in the biological fluids of marine organisms provides a measure of their environmental exposure to PAHs. In the present study, the shore crab Carcinus maenas was exposed to waterborne pyrene for 48h. Urine and haemolymph samples were analysed by direct fluorimetry utilising both fixed wavelength (FF) and synchronous scanning fluorescence (SFS) techniques. Samples from exposed crabs exhibited fluorescence due to 1-OH pyrene equivalents, whilst samples from control crabs did not. Levels of equivalents were exposure dependent. Urine was shown to be a more suitable medium for the analysis of PAH equivalents. In a separate experiment, depuration of pyrene equivalents in urine was monitored over time. Urinary levels reached a maximum 2-4 days after initial exposure and decreased steadily thereafter. No unchanged parent pyrene was detected in samples from exposed crabs. While fluorimetric techniques could discriminate between 1-OH pyrene equivalents and parent pyrene, identification of specific metabolites was only possible with HPLC/F analysis. This revealed crabs had bio-transformed pyrene into 3 major conjugates of 1-OH pyrene, which were excreted in the urine. While such biotransformation of PAH is well documented in fish and several crustaceans, this is the first study to use direct fluorimetry to detect PAH equivalents in exposed crustacean urine. Fluorimetric results correlated well with those obtained by HPLC/F and ELISA techniques. The technique has great potential as a rapid, inexpensive and non-destructive technique for field biomonitoring of PAH exposure in crustaceans.
Esophageal endoscopic biopsy samples were obtained in 1985 in Linxian, China, a region with very high esophageal cancer incidence rates, and where ingested food is known to contain substantial amounts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). In this study, the automated cellular imaging system (ACIS) was used for localization and semi-quantitation of PAH-DNA adducts. Fresh tissue sections were cut from archived paraffin blocks and incubated with an antiserum elicited against DNA modified with 7beta,8alpha-dihydroxy-9alpha,10alpha-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydro-benzo[a]pyrene (BPDE). Nuclear PAH-DNA adduct staining was observed in four out of five human samples incubated with the anti-BPDE-DNA. By visual inspection, nuclei in the basal layer of the esophageal epithelium had higher levels of PAH-DNA adducts compared to those found in the adjacent superficial squamous layer. Nuclear PAH-DNA staining was absent in serial sections incubated with either normal rabbit serum or BPDE-DNA-antiserum previously absorbed with the immunogen BPDE-DNA. Semi-quantitative evaluation by ACIS revealed that per nucleus values for PAH-DNA adducts in the basal layer of the esophageal epithelium were 5- to 40-fold higher than those in the adjacent superficial squamous layer (P < 0.0001), using a random effects model). This pilot study demonstrates the presence of PAH-DNA adducts in archived paraffin-embedded endoscopic esophageal biopsy samples that are close to 20 years old, and suggests that an appropriate set of archived samples could be used to prospectively correlate PAH-DNA adduct formation with risk of esophageal cancer development.
Metabolites of pyrene and DNA adducts have been used as biomarkers of high level exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). A systematic review was performed to evaluate whether these biomarkers are also valid markers of low level environmental exposure to PAHs. Thirty five studies were identified with more than 10 subjects that evaluated environmental air pollution to PAHs in relation to metabolites of PAHs, mainly hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), PAH-DNA adducts, or protein adducts. PAH metabolites and, to a less extent, PAH-DNA adducts correlated well at the group level with exposure to B(a)P even at low levels of air pollution. The use of these biomarkers should be more widely implemented in combination with more traditional techniques for the assessment of general population exposure to PAHs from ambient air pollution.
Efficient new syntheses of the o-quinone derivatives of benzo[a]pyrene (BPQ), 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBAQ), and benz[a]anthracene (BAQ), implicated as active carcinogenic metabolites of the parent polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), are reported. These PAH quinones also serve as starting compounds for the synthesis of the other active metabolites of these PAHs thought to be involved in their mechanism(s) of carcinogenesis. The latter include the corresponding o-catechols, trans-dihydrodiols, and the corresponding anti- and syn-diol epoxides.
This study developed an acid hydrolysis method instead of using enzyme extraction, equipped with column-switching system for the pretreatment of samples, in the determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in the urine from children and pyrene in airborne particulates. We collected both types of samples from areas near a petrochemical industry and rural areas as reference. Samples were first treated with acid hydrolysis and followed by solvent extraction prior to being injected into the separation system for the determination with high performance liquid chromatography and fluorescence. A column-switching system was on-line with a C18 separation column to remove matrix interference and obtain a stable baseline of the chromatogram. The eluent used to separate the 1-hydroxypyrene was 60% (v/v) aqueous acetonitrile solution. A fluorescence detector was used to monitor 1-hydroxypyrene at lambdaex = 348 nm and lambdaem = 388 nm, and pyrene at lambdaex = 331 nm and lambdaem = 390 nm. Both calibration graphs were linear with very good correlation coefficients (r > 0.999) and the detection limits were ca. 2pg (5ng/l). Results showed that there was a significant association between 1-hydroxypyrene levels in urine specimens and pyrene levels in airborne particulate samples (r = 0.68, P < 0.05). The average levels of pyrene in the particulates (0.18 versus 0.09ng/m3) and of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine specimens (155.9 versus 110.2ng/g creatinine) were higher for the petrochemical area than for the rural area. This method is stable and sensitive for measuring polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in environmental samples.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) include compounds with two or more fused benzene rings, many of which are carcinogens. Industrial sources produce hundreds of PAH, notably in the coke- and aluminium-producing industries. Because PAH are distributed at varying levels between gaseous and particulate phases, exposure assessment has been problematic. Here, we recommend that occupational exposures to naphthalene be considered as a potential surrogate for occupational PAH exposure for three reasons. Naphthalene is usually the most abundant PAH in a given workplace; naphthalene is present almost entirely in the gaseous phase and is, therefore, easily measured; and naphthalene offers several useful biomarkers, including the urinary metabolites 1- and 2-hydroxynaphthalene. These biomarkers can be used to evaluate total-body exposure to PAH, in much the same way that 1-hydroxypyrene has been applied. Using data from published sources, we show that log-transformed airborne levels of naphthalene are highly correlated with those of total PAH (minus naphthalene) in several industries (creosote impregnation: Pearson r= 0.815, coke production: r= 0.917, iron foundry: r= 0.854, aluminium production: r= 0.933). Furthermore, the slopes of the log-log regressions are close to one indicating that naphthalene levels are proportional to those of total PAH in those industries. We also demonstrate that log-transformed urinary levels of the hydroxynaphthalenes are highly correlated with those of 1-hydroxypyrene among coke oven workers and controls (r= 0.857 and 0.876), again with slopes of log-log regressions close to one. These results support the conjecture that naphthalene is a useful metric for occupational PAH exposure. Since naphthalene has also been shown to be a respiratory carcinogen in several animal studies, it is also argued that naphthalene exposures should be monitored per se in industries with high levels of PAH.
We investigated the effects of smoking fewer cigarettes/day (CPD) on urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HOP), a biomarker of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) uptake. We randomly assigned 151 smokers to either a reduction group or a waitlist group. In the reduction group, we measured urinary 1-HOP at two baseline intervals. Then, the smokers were expected to reduce their CPD by 25% in weeks 0-2, 50% in weeks 2-4, and 75% in weeks 4-6 and to maintain reduced smoking through week 26. In the waitlist group, four baseline measurements were taken and then the smokers joined the reduction group. Urinary 1-HOP was quantified at weeks 4, 6, 8, 12, and 26 after baseline. Statistically significant reductions in urinary 1-HOP were observed at most time points examined in groups of smokers who reduced to different extents. Reductions in the waitlist group were also generally significantly greater than baseline levels. The reductions in 1-HOP were usually modest (ranging from 14% to 35% in all groups and time points examined), which partially reflects the fact that there are sources of pyrene exposure other than cigarette smoke. Thus, cessation of smoking would only be expected to result in partial reductions of 1-HOP. The observed reductions in 1-HOP were not fully consistent with reductions in CPD probably due to uncontrolled dietary factors. Collectively, the results demonstrate that some smokers can achieve substantial reductions in 1-HOP, reflecting reduced uptake of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, by reducing CPD, but there was not a consistent relationship between these parameters.
Norwegian coastal waters are subject to PAH contamination from electrochemical industries such as aluminium smelters. Evidence of PAH exposure has been established in fish and bivalves. The present study tests the applicability of a novel crustacean PAH exposure biomarker to a PAH contamination gradient in the field (Karmsund Strait, SW Norway). Fluorescence analysis of urine samples collected from crabs at each site revealed 1-OH pyrene "equivalent" levels (indicative of pyrogenic PAH contamination) decreased with increasing distance from a point source of pyrogenic PAH (a large aluminium works). The assay was shown to be suitable for the detection of PAH exposure in wild crustacean populations, for discriminating between contaminated and clean sites and is also sufficiently sensitive to detect gradients of PAH contamination. The method provides a rapid, inexpensive and non-destructive measure of biologically available PAH in crustaceans.
While immunoassays have been extensively applied to evaluate environmental contamination, to date they have rarely been used for the analysis of biological fluids outside of human medicine. These media are important because pollutants such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and their metabolites become concentrated in tissues, body fluids, and excreta, thereby offering a measure of exposure to biologically available contaminants. Such analyses also provide a nondestructive tool for monitoring exposure. Crabs (Carcinus maenas) were exposed to phenanthrene and pyrene (separately) at concentrations ranging from 0 to 200 microg L(-1). After 48 h, urine samples were taken and analyzed by immunoassay and UV-fluorescence spectrophotometry. Urinary levels (calibrated against hydroxylated metabolites) proved to be dose dependent for both compounds, and good agreementwas demonstrated between the immunoassay and the fluorescence techniques. The cross reactivity of the immunochemical technique (ELISA) for pyrene and hydroxy-metabolites was lower than for phenanthrene. HPLC analyses demonstrated that urine from the crabs exposed to pyrene contained mainly conjugate PAH metabolites whose concentrations (the sum of the four main pyrene metabolites/conjugates) showed very good agreement with the ELISA (r2 > 0.94) and fluorescence (r2 > 0.91) data. Environmental samples were also analyzed by ELISA and UV-fluorescence, and both techniques detected PAH (mainly petrogenic) contamination in the urine samples from a polluted harbor. These data demonstrate the potential of urine analyses by ELISA and UV-fluorescence to measure exposure of crabs to PAH.
Experimental evidence suggests that parental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), which occurs primarily through tobacco smoke, occupational exposure, and air pollution, could increase the risk of cancer during childhood. Population-based case-control studies carried out in seven countries as part of the SEARCH Program compared data for 1,218 cases of childhood brain tumors and 2,223 controls (1976-1994). Parental occupational exposure to PAH during the 5-year period before birth was estimated with a job exposure matrix. Risk estimates were adjusted for child's age, sex, and study center. Paternal preconceptional occupational exposure to PAH was associated with increased risks of all childhood brain tumors (odds ratio (OR) = 1.3, 95% confidence interval: 1.1, 1.6) and astroglial tumors (OR = 1.4, 95% confidence interval: 1.1, 1.7). However, there was no trend of increasing risk with predicted level of exposure. Paternal smoking alone (OR = 1.4) was also associated with the risk of astroglial tumors in comparison with nonsmoking, non-occupationally-exposed fathers. Risks for paternal occupational exposure were higher, with (OR = 1.6) or without (OR = 1.7) smoking. Maternal occupational exposure to PAH before conception or during pregnancy was rare, and this exposure was not associated with any type of childhood brain tumor. This large study supports the hypothesis that paternal preconceptional exposure to PAH increases the risk of brain tumors in humans.
Several naturally occurring plant phenols were shown to inhibit the mutagenicity and/or tumorigenicity of chemical carcinogens, including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). In this study, the effect of the topical application of three structurally diverse phenolic acids and trihydroxystilbene, resveratrol, on epidermal aryl hydrocarbon hydroxylase (AHH), phase II enzymes, as well as the binding of benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) and 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA) to epidermal DNA were compared. The single, topical application of 8 and 16 mumol of protocatechuic or chlorogenic acid increased the activity of AHH by 10-30%, whereas resveratrol in a dose of 16 mumol almost completely (99%) inhibited the enzyme activity. Phenolic acids also increased the activities of phase II enzymes. Resveratrol did not affect the glutathione S-transferase activity but induced UDP glucuronosyltransferase (by approximately 100-150%) and to a lesser extent NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase. In a dose of 16 micromol all phenolic acids afforded 40-50% inhibition of covalent benzo[a]pyrene-diol-epoxide (B[a]PDE) binding to DNA. Resveratrol had no effect on B[a]PDE adduct formation but reduced the levels of all the major DMBA adducts. Phenolic acids, particularly tannic acid, mostly affected the formation of syn- and anti-DMBADE dAdo adducts. These results indicate that both the modulation of carcinogen activating enzymes and the prevention of their ultimate metabolites binding to DNA by naturally occurring phenolics are involved in the antitumorigenic activity of these compounds. For phenolic acids, however, their interactions with reactive PAH metabolites and/or blocking of a specific binding site in a genome seem more important. Derivatives of stilbene, such as resveratrol, affect DNA adduct formation and thus the initiation of tumorigenesis through the interaction with the Ah receptor rather than the scavenging active metabolites.
We have developed an improved method for the analysis of human urine for 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HOP), an accepted biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon uptake. This method takes advantage of commercially available 96-well format devices, which expedite sample preparation before quantitation by HPLC with fluorescence detection. In addition to improved speed of analysis, which is critical for the application of this assay in molecular epidemiology studies, the method described here uses an internal standard, 1-hydroxybenz[a]anthracene, improved sample preparation methods, and optimized HPLC and fluorescence detection conditions. The resulting method for analysis of 1-HOP is sensitive (detection limit, 0.05 pmol/mL urine), accurate (as determined by known addition of 1-HOP to urine), and precise [relative SD (RSD), 4.13%]. A longitudinal study of 1-HOP levels in the urine of 10 nonsmokers showed considerable day-to-day (mean RSD, 55.1 %) and week-to-week (mean RSD, 38.2 %) intra-individual variation, indicating the necessity for multiple sampling in studies concerned with relatively small differences in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure.
BACKGROUND: Previous investigations indicate that engine room personnel on ships are exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) from oil and oil products, with dermal uptake as the major route of exposure. Several PAH are known carcinogens and mutagens. AIMS: To investigate the urinary excretion of a marker for oxidative DNA damage, 8-hydroxydeoxy-guanosine (8OHdG), in engine room personnel, and to study the association between 8OHdG and 1-hydroxypyrene (1OHP), a biological marker for PAH exposure. METHODS: Urine samples were collected from engine room personnel (n = 36) on 10 Swedish and Norwegian ships and from unexposed controls (n = 34) with similar age and smoking habits. The exposure to oils, engine exhaust, and tobacco smoke 24 hours prior to sampling was estimated from questionnaires. The urinary samples were frozen for later analyses of 8OHdG and 1OHP by high performance liquid chromatography. RESULTS: Excretion in urine of 8OHdG (adjusted to density 1.022) was similar for controls (mean 18.0 nmol/l, n = 33), and for those who had been in the engine room without skin contact with oils (mean 18.7 nmol/l, n = 15). Engine room personnel who reported skin contact with oil had increased excretion of 8OHdG (mean 23.2 nmol/l, n = 19). The difference between this group and the unexposed controls was significant. The urinary levels of ln 1OHP and ln 8OHdG were significantly correlated, and the association was still highly significant when the effects of smoking and age were accounted for in a multiple regression analysis. CONCLUSION: Results indicate that exposure to PAH or possibly other compounds from skin contact with oils in engine rooms may cause oxidative DNA damage. 
AIM: To investigate the cross-reactivity of the hyperimmune antisera of animals (rabbits) and the sera of oncological patients to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) of a similar chemical structure. METHODS: Reactions of antibodies with haptens have been estimated by non-competitive and competitive ELISA with synthesized protein conjugates of PAHs as a coating antigene. RESULTS: All the model rabbit antisera have been stated to react with anthracene, chrysene, pyrene, benzo(a)pyrene and benz(a)anthracene irrespective of the hapten used to immunize animals. The cross-reactivity of serum antibodies to all five PAHs has been found in blood samples of oncological patients. CONCLUSION: It is recommended to use the conjugates of anthracene, chrysene and pyrene for detecting human antibodies to more dangerous environmental carcinogens--benzo(a)pyrene and benz(a)anthracene. 
We examined the urinary mutagenicity in the YG1024 Salmonella typhimurium strain in the presence of S9 mix, of 31 male non-smoking coke oven workers and an equal number of controls matched for gender and dietary habits. Occupational PAH exposure to the workers was assessed by means of the individual urinary post-shift excretion of 1-pyrenol (mean +/- S.D.: 5.41 +/- 6.06 micromole/mol creatinine). Eleven urinary extracts of workers (35.5%) were clearly mutagenic (with at least a doubling of the number of spontaneous revertants), against only two samples in the control group (6.5%) (chi2-test; chi2 = 7.883; P < 0.01). Moreover, the mean mutagenic activity level corrected for dilution/concentration of the urine was about three times higher in coke oven workers than in matched controls (mean +/- S.D. (range) 495 +/- 407 (89.7-1603) versus 186 +/- 113 (14.2-524) net revertants/mmol creatinine; Mann-Whitney U-test, z = 3.86, P < 0.001). Simple linear regression analysis showed that the coke workers' urinary mutagenic activity is associated with the PAH occupation-related urinary excretion of 1-pyrenol (r = 0.41, P = 0.0215). This study definitely demonstrates an occupation-related exposure of coke oven workers' bladder epithelium to mutagenic PAH metabolites. This factor, mainly in the case of high exposure studied here, may account for a higher bladder cancer risk in coke oven workers.
The catastrophic collapse of the World Trade Center (WTC) on September 11, 2001, created an immense dust cloud followed by fires that emitted soot into the air of New York City (NYC) well into December. The subsequent cleanup used diesel equipment that further polluted the air until the following June. The particulate air pollutants contained mutagenic and carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). By using an assay developed for archived samples of fine particles, we measured nine PAHs in 243 samples collected at or near Ground Zero from September 23, 2001, to March 27, 2002. Based on temporal trends of individual PAH levels, we differentiated between fire and diesel sources and predicted PAH levels between 3 and 200 d after the disaster. Predicted PAH air concentrations on September 14, 2001, ranged from 1.3 to 15 ng/m(3); these values are among the highest reported from outdoor sources. We infer that these high initial air concentrations resulted from fires that rapidly diminished over 100 d. Diesel sources predominated for the next 100 d, during which time PAH levels declined slowly to background values. Because elevated PAH levels were transient, any elevation in cancer risk from PAH exposure should be very small among nonoccupationally exposed residents of NYC. However, the high initial levels of PAHs may be associated with reproductive effects observed in the offspring of women who were (or became) pregnant shortly after September 11, 2001. Because no PAH-specific air sampling was conducted, this work provides the only systematic measurements, to our knowledge, of ambient PAHs after the WTC disaster.
The applicability of terrestrial black slugs Arion ater (Mollusca, Gastropoda) was studied for biomonitoring environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). In laboratory experiments, slugs were orally exposed to benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) for a short term (3 days) or a long term (119 days) period. Test animals were collected in the field, or were reared under laboratory conditions to ensure that they had no history of PAH-exposure. Benzo[a]pyrene hydroxylase (BPH) activity was measured in the digestive gland as a biomarker for BaP exposure. Bulky DNA adduct formation in kidney was measured as an effect biomarker for BaP bioactivation into DNA-binding metabolites. Although success of clutching was relatively low (5 out of 18 slugs produced egg packages), sufficient number of slugs were obtained to perform exposure experiments due to high hatching (89%) and survival rates (79%). After a short exposure to a relatively high BaP doses of 20 and 200 microg/g fresh feed, a dose-dependent and significant increase of BPH activity and bulky DNA adduct levels could be demonstrated in A. ater. Induction factors were low (two times control level), but optimization of the test conditions yielded a higher BPH induction factor of 4.8 times control level. BPH activity and bulky DNA adduct levels, however, did not increase after a long-term exposure to environmentally relevant BaP doses (upto 0.25 microg/g fresh feed). Based on this lack of response after realistic exposure it is concluded that A. ater is not sensitive to BaP exposure and, therefore, not suitable for monitoring environmental exposure to PAHs.
OBJECTIVES: Using urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) as a measure of total absorbed dose, the primary objective of this study was to evaluate the total effect of inhalation and dermal PAH exposures while considering other factors such as age, body mass index and smoking that may also have a significant effect on urinary 1-OHP. METHODS: The study population included two groups of highway construction workers: 20 paving workers and 6 milling workers. During multiple consecutive workshifts, personal air and dermal samples were collected from each worker and analyzed for pyrene. During the same work week, urine samples were collected pre-shift, post-shift and at bedtime each day and analyzed for 1-OHP. Distributed lag models were used to evaluate the independent effect of inhalation and dermal exposures that occurred at each of several preceding exposure periods and were used to identify the relevant period of influence for each pathway. RESULTS: The paving workers had inhalation (mean 0.3 micro g/m(3)) and dermal (5.7 ng/cm(2)) exposures to pyrene that were significantly higher than the milling workers. At pre-shift on Monday morning, following a weekend away from work, the pavers and millers had the same mean baseline urinary 1-OHP level of 0.4 micro g/g creatinine. The mean urinary 1-OHP levels among pavers increased significantly from pre-shift to post-shift during each work day, while the mean urinary 1-OHP levels among millers varied little and remained near the baseline level throughout the study period. Among pavers there was a clear increase in the pre-shift data during the work week, such that the average pre-shift level on day 4 (1.4 micro g/g creatinine) was 3.5 times higher than the average pre-shift results on day 1 (0.4 micro g/g creatinine). The results of the distributed lag model indicated that the impact of dermal exposure was approximately eight times the impact of inhalation exposure. Furthermore, dermal exposure that occurred during the preceding 32 h had a statistically significant effect on urinary 1-OHP, while the effect of inhalation exposure was not significant. CONCLUSIONS: We found that distributed lag models are a valuable tool for analyzing longitudinal biomarker data and our results indicate that dermal contact is the primary route of exposure to PAHs among asphalt paving workers. An exposure assessment of PAHs that does not consider dermal exposure may considerably underestimate cumulative exposure and control strategies aimed at reducing occupational exposure to asphalt-related PAHs should include an effort to reduce dermal exposure. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are environmental carcinogens exhibiting potent immunosuppressive properties. In order to determine PAH-induced immunotoxicity in humans, we investigated possible immunomodulating effects on T-lymphocyte proliferative responses and natural killer (NK) cell activities, at two different exposure levels, in asphalt and coke oven workers. We evaluated the efficiency of urinary 1-hy droxypyrene as a measure of exposure to PAHs. We found a statistically significant inhibition in T-lymphocyte proliferative responses of asphalt and coke oven workers compared to the controls. On the other hand, interestingly, we found significantly higher NK cell activities at three effector:target (E:T) ratios in the asphalt group compared to coke oven and control groups. We conclude that PAHs may cause suppression of T-lymphocyte proliferation at both exposure levels and augment NK cell activity only at low levels of exposure. Our results are in line with others reported in the literature indicating that chronic exposure to PAHs at different levels may alter some immune responses in different ways.
Urine samples collected in 1999 and 2000 as part of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) were analyzed for 14 monohydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), and, for the first time, reference range values were calculated for these metabolites in the US population. Pyrene is a major component of most PAH mixtures and often is used as a surrogate for total PAH exposure. We detected 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHpyrene), a metabolite of pyrene, in more than 99% of the samples. The overall geometric mean concentration for 1-OHpyrene in the USA was 79.8 ng/l, with a 95% confidence interval (CI) of 69.0-92.2 ng/l. The overall geometric mean creatinine-adjusted urinary 1-OHpyrene levels in the USA was 74.2 ng/g creatinine (0.039 micromol/mol), with a 95% CI of 64.1-85.9 ng/g creatinine (0.034-0.046 micromol/mol). There were no statistically significant differences among age, gender, or race/ethnicity groups. Adult smokers in the USA have urinary 1-OHpyrene levels three times higher than those of non-smokers. This difference was statistically significant. In this paper, we compare the reference range of urinary 1-OHpyrene levels with levels reported from various occupations by other researchers.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitously present in the environment and associated with a variety of adverse health effects. Monohydroxylated PAHs (OH-PAHs), metabolites of PAHs, have been employed as biomarkers for human exposure assessment of PAHs. This manuscript describes new, selective detection methods for OH-PAHs using liquid chromatography and tandem mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS). Electrospray ionization was operated in the negative ion mode to detect the deprotonated PAH metabolites ([M-H](-)). Hydroxylated metabolites of naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene, fluoranthene, pyrene, benzo[c]phenanthrene, chrysene, benzo[a]anthracene, and benzo[a]pyrene were selected for the method development. Based on the collision-induced dissociation MS/MS spectra of the selected OH-PAHs, a characteristic ion fragmentation, loss of 28 Da from the [M--H](-) ion, was identified for all of these OH-PAHs. This characteristic fragmentation was exploited for selective screening for OH-PAHs in human urine by incorporating a constant neutral loss (CNL) scan with data-dependent scanning, using a triple quadruple mass spectrometer. Selected reaction monitoring (SRM) was also used to tentatively identify isomers of the target OH-PAHs in human urine. The excellent linearity (3-4 orders of magnitude) and signal-to-noise performance provided by the SRM method allowed development of a sensitive LC/MS/MS method for measuring OH-PAHs in urine samples. The limits of detection of the SRM method ranged from approximately 0.1-5 pg on column for a suite of OH-PAHs tested in the study. The LC-SRM method was applied, following enzymatic deconjugation and solid-phase extraction of the urine, to preliminarily determine the OH-PAH concentrations in urine specimens from six Chinese non-occupationally exposed workers and seven Chinese coke oven workers.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) form a chemical family containing several hundred compounds, including benzo[a]pyrene and pyrene. They are usually produced by the incomplete burning of coal, oil, gas, garbage, or other organic substances like tobacco or charbroiled meat. Exposure to PAH causes tumors, primarily in the lung, the bladder, and the skin. To investigate the differentially expressed proteins resultant from PAH exposure, the protein expression in human plasma was analyzed using two-dimensional electrophoresis (2-DE). The plasma exposed to PAH was obtained from 48 waste gas pollution measurers working at an automobile emission inspection center. The 1-hydroxypryene (1-OHP) level, which is the urinary PAH metabolite used for evaluation of PAH exposure, was 0.28 micromol/mol creatinine in PAH exposure groups, and 0.078 micromol/mol creatinine in unexposed groups (control, n = 33). A protein upregulated by PAH (putative capacitative calcium entry channel) and five overexpressed proteins (two fibrinogen gamma-A chain precursors, a hemopexin precursor, an albumin precursor, and T-cell receptor beta chain C region) were identified with matrix assisted laser desorption/ionization-time of flight-mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF-MS) and confirmed with tandem MS (MS/MS) and Western blotting. The putative capacitative calcium entry channel was partially validated with a laboratory made antibody of a representative peptide fragment in PAH-exposed human plasma samples.
Expression patterns of the cytochromes P450 CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 have been analyzed on the transcript level in leukocytes of persons (n = 30) occupationally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). To assess effects on expression levels results were compared with data obtained from a non-exposed control group (n = 68). CYP1B1 transcripts can be detected in all subjects of the control group but vary largely in their levels (factor 35). Statistical analysis shows that this variability is neither due to the age of the persons nor due to cigarette smoking. Furthermore, there is no difference in expression levels between genders. In contrast to CYP1B1, CYP1A1 is detectable in only 14% of the subjects. People involved in graphite electrode production and exposed to PAH show largely decreased CYP1B1 transcript levels. In 67% of the subjects, CYP1B1 is no more detectable at all. Vice versa, expression of CYP1A1 is increased in exposed persons so that 80% become positive for CYP1A1 vs. 14% of the control group. The results show that occupational exposure to PAH apparently leads to effect-relevant internal doses. Both, suppression of CYP1B1 and induction of CYP1A1 in leukocytes can be used as exposure parameters proving both enzymes to be suitable biomarkers of exposure. The suppression of CYP1B1 is an unexpected effect which needs further investigation. It is discussed that CYP1B1 and CYP1A1 indeed share a common Ah receptor mediated transcriptional regulation but that differences in promoter structure of the two genes and tissue-specific expression profiles of transcription factors may cause a differential expression behaviour.
It is important to identify the potential genetic-susceptible factors that are able to modulate individual responses to exposure to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). In the present study we evaluated the influence of four polymorphisms of nucleotide excision repair (NER) genes [xeroderma pigmentosum-C (XPC)-PAT +/-, xeroderma pigmentosum-A (XPA) 5' non-coding region-A23G, XPD-exon 23 A35931C Lys751Gln, xeroderma pigmentosum-D (XPD)-exon 10 G23591A Asp312Asn] and that of glutathione S-transferase mu1 (GSTM1-active or -null) on benzo[a]pyrene diol epoxide (B[a]PDE)-DNA adduct levels from the lympho-monocyte fraction (LMF) of highly PAH benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P)-exposed Polish coke oven workers (n = 67, 67% current smokers) with individual urinary post-shift excretion of 1-pyrenol exceeding the proposed biological exposure index (BEI) (2.28 micromol/mol creatinine). The bulky (+/-)-r-7,t-8-dihydroxy-t-9,10-oxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (anti-B[a]PDE)-DNA adduct levels were detected by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC)/fluorescence analysis and genotypes by polymerase chain reaction. We found that workers with the low DNA repair capacity of XPC-PAT+/+ and XPA-A23A genotypes had significantly increased anti-B[a]PDE-DNA adduct levels (Mann-Whitney U-test, z = 2.24, P = 0.02 and z = 2.65, P = 0.01). Moreover, DNA adducts were also raised in workers without GSTM1 activity (GSTM1-null genotype) (Mann-Whitney U-test, z = 2.25, P = 0.0246). Workers with unfavourable XPC-PAT+/+ and XPA-A23A NER genotypes, alone (approximately 65% of workers) or combined with GSTM1-null genotype (approximately 75% of workers) were in the tertile with the highest adduct level, i.e. >4.11 adducts/10(8) nt (chi2 = 5.85, P = 0.0156 and chi2 = 5.40, P = 0.01). The increase in anti-B[a]PDE-DNA adduct levels (ln values) was significantly related in a multiple linear regression analysis to PAH exposure (i.e. urinary post-shift excretion of 1-pyrenol) (t = 2.61, P = 0.0115), lack of GSTM1 activity (t = 2.41, P = 0.0192) and to low DNA repair capacity of the XPC-PAT+/+ genotype (t = 2.34, P = 0.0226). The influence of the XPA-A23A genotype was not evident in this statistical analysis, and no associations with XPD polymorphisms, dietary habits or tobacco smoking were found. The modulation of anti-B[a]PDE-DNA adducts in the LMF by GSTM1-null and some low-activity NER genotypes may be considered as a potential genetic susceptibility factor capable of modulating individual responses to PAH (B[a]P) genotoxic exposure and the consequent risk of cancer in coke oven workers.
p-Aminohippurate (PAH) is the classical substrate used in the characterization of organic anion transport in renal proximal tubular cells. Although basolateral transporters for PAH uptake from blood into the cell have been well characterized, there is still little knowledge on the apical urinary efflux transporters. The multidrug resistance protein 2 (MRP2/ABCC2) is localized to the apical membrane and mediates ATP-dependent PAH transport, but its contribution to urinary PAH excretion is not known. In this report, we show that renal excretion of PAH in isolated perfused kidneys from wild-type and Mrp2-deficient (TR(-)) rats is not significantly different. Uptake of [(14)C]PAH in membrane vesicles expressing two different MRP2 clones isolated from Sf9 and MDCKII cells exhibited a low affinity for PAH (Sf9, 5 +/- 2 mM; MDCKII, 2.1 +/- 0.6 mM). Human MRP4 (ABCC4), which has recently been localized to the apical membrane, expressed in Sf9 cells had a much higher affinity for PAH (K(m) = 160 +/- 50 microM). Various inhibitors of MRP2-mediated PAH transport also inhibited MRP4. Probenecid stimulated MRP2 at low concentrations but had no effect on MRP4; but at high probenecid concentrations, both MRP2 and MRP4 were inhibited. Sulfinpyrazone only stimulated MRP2, but inhibited MRP4. Real-time PCR and Western blot analysis showed that renal cortical expression of MRP4 is approximately fivefold higher as compared with MRP2. MRP4 is a novel PAH transporter that has higher affinity for PAH and is expressed more highly in kidney than MRP2, and may therefore be more important in renal PAH excretion.
The Meso-region theory of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) carcinogenesis predicts that the development of pronounced carcinogenicity depends on the introduction of a good leaving group on alkyl side-chains attached to the exceptionally reactive meso-anthracenic or L-region positions of PAHs. Thus, the first step in carcinogenesis by methylated PAHs such as 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA) would be the hydroxylation of the L-region methyl groups, particularly the 7-methyl group. The second would be the formation of a metabolite, e.g. a sulfate ester, which is expected to be a good leaving group capable of generating a highly reactive benzylic carbocation. 7-Hydroxymethyl-12-methylbenz[a]anthracene (7-HMBA) is a metabolite of DMBA, and sulfation of 7-HMBA to a 7-sulfoxymethyl metabolite (7-SMBA) is a known Phase II metabolic process designed to facilitate excretion, but actually enabling more destructive side-reactions. These side-reactions occur with generation of an electrophilic 7-methylene carbonium ion, and/or by in vivo halide exchange to provide neutral side-products more capable of entering cells, especially those of DMBA target tissues. Electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (MS) enabled us to visualize 7-SMBA as an intact m/z 351 conjugate anion by negative mode, and as a released m/z 255 carbonium ion by positive mode. Upon prolonged refrigeration, 7-SMBA accumulated an m/z 383 photooxide, which appeared capable of re-evolving the starting material as visualized by tandem quadrupole MS, or MS/MS. The 7-SMBA carbonium ion provided interpretable fragments when studied by fragment ion MS/MS, including those representing the loss of up to several protons. Subtle differences in this property were encountered upon perturbing 7-SMBA, either by warming it at 37 degrees C for 2 h or by substituting the initial sulfoxy group with an iodo group. Side-reactions accounting for such proton losses are proposed, and are of interest whether they occur in the mass spectrometer, in solution or both; these proposals include acidity at the 12-methyl position and cyclization between the 12-methyl group and the adjacent C-1 position. It is also suggested that such side-reactions may comprise one route to relieving steric strain arising between the 12-methyl group and the angular benzo ring of 7-SMBA.
In this study, we investigated the effects of PAHs and dioxin on mRNA and plasma protein expression using genomic and proteomic analysis for automobile emission inspectors and waste incineration workers. About 54 workers from automobile emission inspection offices, 31 workers from waste incinerating company and 84 unexposed healthy subjects were enrolled in this study. Urine and air samples were collected and analyzed by HPLC and GC/MS. Comet assays were carried out to evaluate any DNA damage in mononuclear and polynuclear cells. A significant difference in Olive tail moments in mononuclear cells was observed between exposed and control subjects (P < 0.0001). To examine the differences of the gene expression profile in automobile emission inspectors and waste incineration workers, radioactive complementary DNA microarrays were used to evaluate changes in the expression of 1,152 total genes. The gene expression profiles showed that 11 genes were up-regulated and 4 genes were down-regulated in waste incinerating workers as compared with controls. Plasma proteins were analyzed by 2-dimentional electrophoresis with pH 3-10 NL IPG Dry strip. The protein expression profiles showed that 8 proteins were up- regulated and 1 protein, haptoglobin, was down- regulated in automobile emission inspectors and waste incineration workers. Serum paraoxonase/ arylesterase was found only in the plasma of waste incineration workers. The expression of genes and proteins involved in oxidative stress were up-regulated in both automobile emission inspectors and waste incineration workers. Several proteins, such as transthyrethin, sarcolectin and haptoglobin, that were highly up- or down-regulated, could serve as biological monitoring markers for future study.
BACKGROUND: 'PC Game Rooms' were first popularized in Korea, although the concept is now becoming popular worldwide. PC Game Rooms provide users with high-performance PC connected to the high-speed internet, and access to computer games. However, PC Game Room users are exposed to various hazardous agents such as cigarette smoke in a confined environment, and thus it is likely that excessive PC Game Room use involves abnormal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) as well as being associated with disturbed sleep or circadian rhythm. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, the exposure to PAH was evaluated by measuring urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and 2-naphthol. The correlations between PC Game Room use and PAH exposure and plasma testosterone and LH levels were analysed in 208 young male Koreans. RESULTS: Urinary 1-OHP concentrations increased (P = 0.0001) and plasma testosterone levels decreased (P = 0.0153) significantly with increased duration of PC Game Room use. Correlation analysis showed that plasma testosterone concentrations were significantly negatively correlated with urinary 1-OHP (r = -0.22, P = 0.0012) and 2-naphthol (r = -0.15, P = 0.0308) concentrations. Moreover, these associations persisted after adjusting for other independent variables. However, the duration of PC Game Room use itself was not found to be an independent significant determinant of plasma testosterone level. Rather, PC Game Room use increased PAH exposure, which decreased plasma testosterone level. The younger age group (15-19 years) showed a more prominent decrease in plasma testosterone concentrations with increasing duration of PC Game Room use than the older age group (20-24 years) (r2 = 0.355, P = 0.0301 versus r2 = 0.213, P = 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: These results imply that the excessive use of PC Game Rooms is related to an adverse impact on sex hormonal status in young male Koreans via PAH exposure. This effect was more prominent in the younger age group. 
DNA repair is essential to an individual's ability to respond to damage caused by environmental carcinogens. Alterations in DNA repair genes may affect cancer risk by influencing individual susceptibility to environmental exposures. XPD, a gene involved in nucleotide excision repair, may influence individual DNA repair capacity particularly of bulky adducts. Using a population-based breast cancer case-control study that was specifically conducted to examine markers of environmental exposures, such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), on Long Island, NY, we examined whether XPD genotype modified the associations among PAH-DNA adducts, cigarette smoking, and breast cancer risk. Specifically, we examined the XPD polymorphism at exon 23, position 751 in 1,053 breast cancer cases and 1,102 population-based controls. The presence of at least one variant allele (Lys/Gln or Gln/Gln) was associated with a 20% increase in risk of breast cancer [odds ratio (OR), 1.21; 95% confidence interval (95% CI), 1.01-1.44]. The increase in risk for homozygosity of the variant allele (Gln/Gln) seemed limited to those with PAH-DNA adduct levels above the median(OR, 1.61; 95% CI, 0.99-2.63 for adducts above the median versus OR, 1.05; 95% CI, 0.64-1.74 for adductsbelow the median), although the multiplicative interaction was not statistically significant. The increasein risk for homozygosity of the variant allele (Gln/Gln) was only seen among current smokers (OR, 1.97; 95% CI, 1.02-3.81 for current smokers versus OR, 0.87; 95% CI, 0.57-1.32 for never smokers); the multiplicative interaction was statistically significant. Overall, this study suggests that those individuals with this polymorphism in the XPD gene may face an increased risk of breast cancer from PAH-DNA adducts and cigarette smoking.
The formation of DNA adducts can lead to DNA replication errors and the potential for carcinogenesis. DNA adducts have been detected in prostate cells, but the distribution of adducts with respect to prostate cancer risk factors and histology is unknown. In a study of 130 Caucasian (n = 61) and African-American (n = 69) men with prostate cancer who underwent radical prostatectomy, we quantified polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts in prostate tumor and adjacent nontumor cells by immunohistochemistry. A strong correlation between paired adduct levels in the two cell types was observed (r = 0.56; P < 0.0001); however, nontumor cells had a significantly higher level of adducts compared with tumor (0.30 absorbance units +/- 0.05 versus 0.17 absorbance units +/- 0.04; P < 0.0001). Variables significantly associated with PAH-DNA adduct levels in tumor cells included primary Gleason grade, tumor volume, and log-transformed prostate-specific antigen (PSA) at time of diagnosis. Tumors with a primary Gleason grade of 5 had significantly lower PAH-DNA adduct levels than tumor cells with a primary Gleason grade of 3 or 4 (P < 0.0001 for both). Tumors that involved 10% or less of the prostate gland had significantly higher PAH-DNA adduct levels than tumors that involved 15 to 20% of the prostate gland (P = 0.004). PSA levels were inversely associated with PAH-DNA adduct levels in tumor cells (P = 0.009). A similar, albeit less significant, inverse association was observed between PSA and PAH-DNA adduct levels in nontumor cells (P = 0.07). Interestingly, increasing primary Gleason grade was associated with increasing PAH-DNA adduct levels in adjacent nontumor cells (P = 0.008). Our results show that PAH-DNA adducts are present in the prostate but vary with regard to cellular histology. In prostate tumor cells, decreased cellular differentiation and increased tumor proliferation may reduce PAH-DNA adduct levels.
Ingestion is an important exposure route for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) to enter the human body. Although the formation of hazardous PAH metabolites by human biotransformation enzymes is well documented, nothing is known about the PAH transformation potency of human intestinal microbiota. Using a gastrointestinal simulator, we show that human intestinal microbiota can also bioactivate PAHs, more in particular to estrogenic metabolites. PAH compounds are not estrogenic, and indeed, stomach and small intestine digestions of 62.5 nmol naphthalene, phenanthrene, pyrene, and benzo(a)pyrene showed no estrogenic effects in the human estrogen receptor bioassay. In contrast, colon digests of these PAH compounds displayed estrogenicity, equivalent to 0.31, 2.14, 2.70, and 1.48 nmol 17alpha-ethynylestradiol (EE2), respectively. Inactivating the colon microbiota eliminated these estrogenic effects. Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis confirmed the microbial PAH transformation by the detection of PAH metabolites 1-hydroxypyrene and 7-hydroxybenzo(a)pyrene in colon digests of pyrene and benzo(a)pyrene. Furthermore, we show that colon digests of a PAH-contaminated soil (simulated ingestion dose of 5 g/day) displayed estrogenic activity equivalent to 0.58 nmol EE2, whereas stomach or small intestine digests did not. Although the matrix in which PAHs are ingested may result in lower exposure concentrations in the gut, our results imply that the PAH bioactivation potency of colon microbiota is not eliminated by the presence of soil. Moreover, because PAH toxicity is also linked to estrogenicity of the compounds, the PAH bioactivation potency of colon microbiota suggests that current risk assessment may underestimate the risk from ingested PAHs.
This study investigated the characteristics of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) formed during the decomposition of benzene (C(6)H(6)) in radio-frequency (RF) plasma environments. The identification and quantification were accomplished by using a GC/MS for PAHs and an on-line Fourier transform infrared (FT-IR) spectrometer for the reactants and gaseous products. The analytical results show that PAHs were formed in both C(6)H(6)/Ar and C(6)H(6)/H(2)/Ar systems. In terms of individual PAHs, naphthalene (C(10)H(8)) was the predominant species found among the 21 PAHs under all operational conditions, phenanthrene and chrysene are the next. High-ring PAHs did not form easily in the C(6)H(6)/Ar and C(6)H(6)/H(2)/Ar system, especially at high input power and high C(6)H(6) feed concentration (C(C(6)H(6))) for the former system. Yields of PAHs with different ring numbers decreased with increasing ring number. At low input power, increasing C(C(6)H(6)) would promote yields of PAHs, while adding hydrogen as the auxiliary gas suppressed PAHs formation. Higher input power or addition of oxygen not only effectively suppresses PAHs formation but also completely destroys C(6)H(6). Owing to the absence of the principal intermediate species, phenol (C(6)H(5)OH), from the gas products of C(6)H(6)/O(2)/Ar system, H-abstraction-C(2)H(2)-addition (HACA) pathway is proposed as the primary mechanism for PAHs formation in the present study. Gas phase distribution of total-PAHs accounts for 20-95.3% at 2% of C(C(6)H(6)) among C(6)H(6)/Ar, C(6)H(6)/H(2)/Ar and C(6)H(6)/O(2)/Ar systems. This study suggests that gas-phase PAHs should not be ignored, particularly in C(6)H(6)/Ar systems under high input power and high C(C(6)H(6)) , or in C(6)H(6)/O(2)/Ar systems.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are a class of widespread environmental carcinogens. Most of our knowledge of their mechanisms of metabolic activation to DNA-binding "ultimate carcinogenic" metabolites has come from analysis of the DNA interaction products formed by these highly reactive intermediates. Studies of their role in forming DNA-binding intermediates identical to those formed in vivo from the PAH itself have also allowed identification of the particular cytochrome P450 enzymes involved in activating various structural classes of carcinogenic PAHs. It has been established that PAHs, after metabolic activation in vivo, are capable of inducing mutations in oncogenes and, by inducing multiple mutations, may result in tumors. PAHs also cause changes in cellular gap-junction communication similar to those caused by the tumor promoter 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate. Thus, PAHs may also act through a promotional mechanism in addition to serving as tumor initiators. Previous studies on these mechanisms are described and summarized.
Development of methodologies to detect DNA damage induced by pollutants is of increasing concern in marine ecotoxicology. We previously described an immunoperoxidase method for revealing 7,8-dihydro-8-oxodeoxyguanosine (8-oxo-dG) in marine organisms. In this work, the approach was extended to immunofluorescence detection and to the use of another antibody for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts. Specimens of European eel (Anguilla anguilla) and Mediterranean mussel (Mytilus galloprovincialis) were exposed to benzo(a)pyrene (B[a]P), as model chemical carcinogen to induce both oxidized bases and B[a]P diol-epoxide-deoxyguanosine adducts. Cryostat sections of liver and digestive gland from both species were immunostained, and DNA damage was semiquantitatively evaluated by an image analysis system. Compared to untreated organisms, B[a]P-exposed organisms exhibited increased levels of oxidative DNA damage; in eels, which rapidly metabolize PAHs, the occurrence of B[a]P-DNA adducts was also detected. The immunofluorescent assay maintained all the advantages previously reported for the immunoperoxidase protocol. Both methods were tested on the same eel specimens and the immunofluorescence method showed a greater extent of relative DNA damage and a higher sensitivity. Although field validation is being carried out, our results indicate the utility of antibodies to rapidly detect DNA alterations in aquatic organisms, and to investigate the risk associated with genotoxins in marine environment.
Anguilla anguilla L. (European eel) was exposed for 24 h to chromium (Cr-100 microM and 1 mM) or copper (Cu-1 and 2.5 microM), with or without a 24-h preexposure to beta-naphthoflavone (BNF-2.7 microM), a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-like compound, simulating sequential exposure to PAHs and heavy metals. Plasma cortisol, thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), free triiodothyronine (T3), and free thyroxine (T4) were determined in order to assess the effects on endocrine function. Plasma glucose and lactate also were measured. The frequency of erythrocytic nuclear abnormalities (ENA) was scored as a genotoxicity indicator. Plasma T4 decreased in eels when exposed to Cr only. The interference of BNF preexposure on Cr effects was observed as a significant plasma glucose increase. Single exposures to Cu elevated plasma cortisol and glucose (2.5 microM), as well as plasma lactate (1 microM), whereas a T4 decrease was found for both concentrations. BNF preexposure prevented plasma cortisol and lactate increases; however, a greater T4 decrease was observed in eels exposed to 2.5 microM Cu. Moreover, this pretreatment was crucial for genotoxicity expression because only BNF+2.5 microM Cu-exposed fish exhibited significant ENA induction. In general, plasma T4 was the most affected hormone, as it responded to all Cr and Cu exposure conditions.
A series of six oligonucleotides with dihydrodiol epoxide metabolites of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) benz[a]anthracene and benzo[a]pyrene attached to adenine N6 and guanine N2 atoms were prepared and studied with the processive bacteriophage DNA polymerase T7, exonuclease- (T7-). HIV-1 reverse transcriptase was much less efficient in polymerization than T7-. Benz[a]anthracene and benzo[a]pyrene adducts strongly blocked incorporation of dTTP and dCTP opposite the A and G derivatives, respectively. dATP was preferentially incorporated in all cases. Steady state kinetic analysis indicated that the low catalytic efficiency with adducted DNA was due to both increased K(m) and lowered k(cat) values. Some differences due to PAH stereochemistry were observed. Fluorescence estimates of K(d) and presteady state kinetic measurements of k(off) showed no major decrease in the affinity of T7- with damaged DNA substrates or with dNTPs. Presteady state kinetics showed a lack of the normal burst kinetics for dNTP incorporation with all PAH-DNA derivatives. These results indicate that the rate-limiting step is at or before the step of phosphodiester bond formation; release of the oligonucleotide is no longer the slowest step. Thio elemental effects (substitution of alpha-oxygen with sulfur) were relatively small, in contrast to previous work with T7- and 8-oxo-7,8-dihydroguanine. The effect of these bulky PAH adducts is either to attenuate rates of conformational changes or to introduce an additional conformation problem but not to alter the inherent affinity of the polymerase for DNA or dNTPs.
OBJECTIVE: Workers in various industries can be exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). The relationship between biomarkers of genotoxic risk, PAH compounds in air (ambient monitoring) and PAH metabolites in urine (internal exposure) were studied in 17 workers exposed to PAHs in a fireproof-material producing plant before and 3 months after the PAH profile was altered in the binding pitch. METHODS: Two biomarkers of exposure, specific DNA adducts of (+/-)-r-7,t-8-dihydroxy-t-9,10-oxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (anti-BPDE) and non-specific DNA adduct of 8-oxo-7,8-dihydro-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-oxodGuo) were determined in white blood cells (WBCs). In addition, DNA strand breaks were analysed in lymphocytes by single-cell gel electrophoresis in a genotoxic risk assessment. Sixteen PAH compounds in air were determined by personal air sampling, and hydroxylated metabolites of phenanthrene, pyrene and naphthalene were determined in urine. RESULTS: After substitution of the binding pitch the concentrations of benzo[a]pyrene in air decreased (P<0.01). No changes could be observed for pyrene, while levels of phenanthrene (P=0.0013) and naphthalene (P=0.0346) in air increased. Consequently, median DNA adduct rates of anti-BPDE decreased after alteration of the production material (from 0.9 to <0.5 adducts/10(8) nucleotides). No changes in the excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine could be determined, whereas increased levels of 1-, 2+9-, 3- and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene (P<0.0001) and 1-naphthol and 2-naphthol (P=0.0072) were found in urine. In addition, a statistically significant increase in DNA strand break frequencies (P<0.01) and elevated 8-oxodGuo adduct levels (P=0.7819, not statistically significant) were found in the WBCs of exposed workers 3 months after the PAH profile in the binding pitch had been altered. CONCLUSION: The results presented here show that the increased concentration of naphthalene and/or phenanthrene in the air at the work place could induce the formation of DNA strand breaks and alkali-labile sites in WBCs of exposed workers. 
OBJECTIVES: Dermal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and the role of an industrial by-product, coal fly ash, on workers' PAH exposure were investigated during stone mastic asphalt (SMA) paving and remixing. METHODS: PAH exposure was measured at eight sites during the laying of SMA containing coal fly ash or limestone (conventional SMA) as the filler. Six of the surveys were carried out during SMA paving and two during remixing of SMA (hot recycling at the paving site). Dermal PAH exposure was measured by hand washing (using sunflower oil and wiping with Kleenex tissues) before and after the work shift, and by placing exposure pads on the workers' wrists during the work shift. The analyses included 15 native PAHs from the hand-washing samples determined using high-performance liquid chromatography equipped with a two-channel fluorescence detector and 16 native PAHs and four methylated PAHs from the exposure pads using gas chromatography with mass-selective detection. RESULTS: The PAH results obtained using the pad and hand-washing methods (concentrations after the work shift) were equivalent and showed a strong correlation (r = 0.757, P < 0.001, N = 23 for total PAHs). There was a statistically significant difference between pre- and post-shift samples as measured by hand washing. The skin contamination by PAHs was significantly higher (P < 0.01) during remixing than during SMA paving. The variation in PAH contamination on the skin explained more of the variation in the excretion of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and phenanthrols than the variation in the respiratory PAH concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: The industrial by-product investigated in asphalt, coal fly ash, had no statistically significant effect on the workers' dermal PAH exposure. The dermal exposure of paving workers to PAHs was higher during remixing than during SMA paving. 
The variability in DNA repair capacity of the general population may depend in part upon common variants in DNA repair genes. X-ray repair cross complementing group 1 (XRCC1) is an important DNA base excision repair gene and exhibits polymorphic variation. Using the Long Island Breast Cancer Study Project, a population-based case-control study, we evaluated the hypothesis that two common single nucleotide polymorphisms of XRCC1 (codon 194 Arg-->Trp and 399 Arg-->Gln) influence breast cancer susceptibility and interact with polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts, cigarette smoking, and intake of fruits and vegetables and antioxidants. The available sample for genotyping included 1,067 cases and 1,110 controls. Genotyping was done by a high-throughput single-nucleotide extension assay with fluorescence polarization detection of the incorporated nucleotide. We observed no significant increases in risk among all subjects who were carriers of XRCC1 194Trp or 399Gln alleles. Among never smokers, we observed an increased risk of breast cancer in 399Gln carriers [odds ratio (OR), 1.3; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.0-1.7). Further analysis indicated a suggestive weak additive interaction between the 399Gln allele and detectable PAH-DNA adducts (OR for exposure with mutant genotype, 1.9; 95% CI, 1.2-3.1). The estimated age-adjusted interaction contrast ratio (ICR) and 95% CI (ICR, 0.38; 95% CI, -0.32 to 1.10) indicated that the departure from additivity was not statistically significant, but that there was some suggestion of a relative excess risk due to the interaction. In subjects with at least one copy of XRCC1 194Trp allele, there was a moderate interaction with high intake of fruits and vegetables (>/=35 half-cup servings per week of any fruits, fruit juices, and vegetables, OR, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.38-0.89; ICR, -0.49; 95% CI, -0.03 to -0.95), and dietary plus supplement antioxidant intake with 33% to 42% decreases in breast cancer risk compared with those with the Arg194Arg genotype and low-intake individuals. These results do not show that the two genetic polymorphisms of XRCC1 independently influence breast cancer risk. However, there is evidence for interactions between the two XRCC1 single nucleotide polymorphisms and PAH-DNA adducts or fruit and vegetable and antioxidant intake on breast cancer risk. Further understanding of the biological function of XRCC1 variants and their interactions with PAH-DNA adducts, antioxidants, and other genes in the pathway are needed.
Molecular and traditional epidemiology studies have indicated a possible relationship between in utero environmental exposures and increased risk for childhood cancers, especially acute leukemias. Chromosomal aberrations have been associated with environmental exposures and cancer risk in adults. In order to more clearly define the association between prenatal exposures to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and chromosomal aberrations, chromosomal aberration frequencies were measured in a subset of 60 newborns from the Columbia Center for Children's Environmental Health (CCCEH) Prospective Cohort Study. The subset was composed of African American and Dominican, nonsmoking mother-newborn pairs residing in low-income neighborhoods of New York City, who were exposed to varying levels of airborne PAHs. Prenatal exposure was assessed by questionnaire, personal air monitoring during the third trimester, and PAH-DNA adducts in umbilical cord blood. Chromosomal aberrations were measured in cord blood lymphocytes by fluorescence in situ hybridization. PAH-DNA adducts were not associated with chromosomal aberrations. However, airborne PAHs were significantly associated with stable aberration frequencies in cord blood (P < 0.01). Moreover, stable aberration frequencies were significantly higher among African American newborns compared with Dominican, despite no significant differences in PAH exposure. These results show for the first time an association between prenatal exposure to airborne carcinogenic PAHs and chromosomal aberrations in cord blood, suggesting that such prenatal exposures have the potential to cause cytogenetic damage that has been related to increased cancer risk in other populations. If confirmed, this finding may open new avenues for prevention.
[structure: see text] The first syntheses of the adducts formed in the reactions of o-quinone metabolites of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (BPQ and BAQ) at 2'-deoxyadenosine and 2'-deoxyguanosine sites in DNA are reported. These syntheses entail Pd-catalyzed coupling of protected amine derivatives of catechols with suitably protected halopurine analogues of 2'-deoxyribonucleosides.
Residual oil fly ash is a chemically complex combustion product containing a significant component of potentially carcinogenic transition metals and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). Various biomarkers of PAH exposure have been investigated previously, most notably 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), in urine. In this study, we assessed the utility of r-1,t-2,3,c-4-tetrahydroxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydrophenanthrene (trans, anti-PheT), a metabolite of phenanthrene, to detect occupational PAH exposure. Urine samples collected across the workweek were analyzed for 1-OHP and trans, anti-PheT in boilermakers (n = 20) exposed to residual oil fly ash. Median baseline urinary trans, anti-PheT concentrations were 0.50 microg/g creatinine in current tobacco smokers and 0.39 microg/g creatinine in nonsmokers. Median baseline urinary 1-OHP concentrations in smokers and nonsmokers were 0.31 and 0.13 microg/g creatinine, respectively. To study further the effect of smoking exposure on the urinary PAH markers, urinary cotinine was used. Although urinary trans, anti-PheT and 1-OHP concentrations were correlated (Spearman r = 0.63; P < 0.001) for all subjects, the regression coefficient between log-transformed trans, anti-PheT and log 1-OHP was statistically significant only for subjects with low levels of urinary cotinine or for nonsmokers. Each 1-unit increase in log 1-OHP was associated with a 0.77-unit increase (95% confidence interval, 0.45-1.09) in log trans, anti-PheT in subjects with low levels of urinary cotinine (P < 0.001). In these subjects, dichotomized occupational exposure status was a significant predictor of log trans, anti-PheT (P = 0.02) but not of log 1-OHP (P = 0.2). In conclusion, we found that urinary trans, anti-PheT was detected in levels comparable with 1-OHP in occupationally exposed workers, particularly nonsmokers. This study shows that urinary trans, anti-PheT may be an effective biomarker of uptake and metabolic activation of PAHs.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), of which benzo[a]pyrene is a representative member, are combustion-related environmental pollutants and include known carcinogens. Laboratory animal studies indicate that the dose of PAHs to the fetus is on the order of a 10th that to the mother and that there is heightened susceptibility to PAH-induced carcinogenesis during the fetal and infancy periods. Carcinogen-DNA adducts, a measure of procarcinogenic genetic damage, are considered a biomarker of increased cancer risk. Here we compare the levels of benzo[a]pyrene-DNA adducts as a proxy for PAH-DNA damage measured in maternal blood and newborn cord blood obtained at delivery in four different populations of mothers (total of 867) and newborns (total of 822), representing a 30-fold range of exposure to ambient PAHs. The populations include residents in Northern Manhattan, participants in a study of the effects of the World Trade Center disaster, residents in Krakow, Poland, and residents in Tongliang, China. Mean adduct concentrations in both maternal and cord blood and the proportion of samples with detectable adducts, increased across the populations [Northern Manhattan < World Trade Center (WTC) < Krakow < Tongliang], consistent with the trend in estimated ambient exposure to PAHs (P < 0.001). For mothers, the means in the respective populations were Northern Manhattan (0.21 adducts per 10(8) nucleotides), WTC (0.23 adducts per 10(8) nucleotides), Krakow (0.28 adducts per 10(8) nucleotides), Tongliang (0.31 adducts per 10(8) nucleotides); the corresponding means in the newborns were Northern Manhattan (0.23), WTC (0.24), Krakow (0.29), Tongliang (0.31). The percentage of mothers with detectable levels of adducts in the respective populations were Northern Manhattan (36.8%), WTC (57.5%), Krakow (72.9%), Tongliang (73.4%); the corresponding percentages among the newborns were Northern Manhattan (42.4%), WTC (60.6%), Krakow (71.1%), Tongliang (79.5%). Despite the estimated 10-fold lower PAH dose to the fetus based on laboratory animal experiments, the adduct levels in the newborns were similar to or higher than in the mothers. This study suggests that the fetus may be 10-fold more susceptible to DNA damage than the mother and that in utero exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons may disproportionately increase carcinogenic risk. The data support preventive policies to limit PAH exposure to pregnant women and children.
Protonation of the epoxides, diol epoxides, and dihydrodiols of benzo[h]quinoline (BhQ), benzo[f]quinoline (BfQ), phenanthrene (Phe), benzo[c]phenanthridine (BcPhen), and chrysene (Chry) were studied by DFT at the B3LYP/6-31G* level, and selected cases were calculated with the 6-31+G* diffuse-function augmented basis set for comparison purposes. Bay-region carbocations were formed from O-protonated epoxides via a barrierless processes. Relative carbocation stabilities were determined in the gas phase and with water as solvent (PCM method). The presence of a heteroatom changes the regioselectivity of epoxide ring opening, in some cases favoring non-bay-region carbocations. The epoxide ring opening mode is also greatly influenced by N-protonation. The dications resulting from initial N-protonation followed by epoxide protonation were also studied by DFT. Charge delocalization modes in the resulting mono- and dications were derived by GIAO-NMR (based on Delta delta13C values) and via the NPA-derived changes in charges. Relative aromaticity in different rings in the arenium ions was gauged by NICS. In representative cases, the covalent adducts (syn and anti) formed by reaction of the benzylic carbocations derived from diol epoxides and dihydrodiols with methoxide and methanethiolate anions were studied. Relative energies (in the gas phase and with water as solvent) and geometries of the adducts formed by quenching of the carbocations derived from BhQ and Phe-epoxides with guanine via the exocyclic amino group and via the N-7 were also investigated computationally. Although aqueous phase calculations change the energy for the addition reactions because of greater stabilization of the reactants, relative reactivity trends remain the same. The data are discussed, taking into account the available experimental results concerning the biological activity of these compounds.
Primary risk factors for laryngeal cancer are smoking and alcohol. The relevance of occupational exposures in the etiology of laryngeal cancer is not yet clarified. Some studies have suggested various occupational agents as additional causal risk factors. A population-based case-control study 1:3 frequency matched by age and gender on laryngeal cancer was carried out in southwest Germany with 257 cases (236 males and 21 females between the ages of 37-80, histologically confirmed and diagnosed between January 5, 1998 and December 31, 2000) and 769 population controls (702 males, 67 females). Occupational exposures and other risk factors were obtained with face-to-face interviews using a detailed standardized questionnaire. The complete individual work history was assessed. A detailed assessment of work conditions was obtained by job-specific questionnaires for selected jobs known to be associated with exposure to potential carcinogens. A specific substance list was used as second method for exposure assessment. Blood samples were taken from all individuals for genotype analysis. A strong effect of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure on laryngeal cancer risk after adjustment for smoking and alcohol (odds ratio [OR] = 5.2, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.6-17.1) was observed for concordant exposure classified with both methods, and a clear dose-response (p < 0.01 for linear trend) for exposure duration. Our findings are supported by risks associated with occupational groups in which this exposure is a priori considered likely. A differential effect by glutathione-S-transferases-M1 genotype was found, however, small numbers do not allow firm conclusions on effect modification. Our study contributes to classifying polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons as a risk factor for laryngeal cancer.
BACKGROUND: The northeastern region of Iran has some of the highest rates of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) in the world. MATERIALS AND METHODS: To investigate the role of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in the etiology of ESCC in northeastern Iran, we measured urine 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide (1-OHPG), a stable PAH metabolite, in 99 inhabitants of this area. RESULTS: The median urine 1-OHPG in participants of this study was 4.2 pmol/ml. Forty-two subjects (42%) had levels ranging from 1 to 5 pmol/ml, indicative of moderate PAH exposure, and 41 (41%) had levels above 5 pmol/ml, indicative of very high exposure. Further analysis showed that 1-OHPG levels were high in all subgroups of our study subjects, including both sexes, rural and urban dwellers, and smokers and non-smokers. Only 15% of the variance in 1-OHPG was explained by age, sex, residence, smoking, nass, or opium consumption. This pattern of PAH exposure parallels the ESCC incidence pattern seen in this area. CONCLUSION: We conclude that people in northeastern Iran are exposed to widespread and very high levels of PAH, largely from unknown sources, and this may contribute to the high rates of ESCC observed in this area. 
The detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts in human lymphocytes may be useful as a surrogate end point for individual cancer risk prediction. In this study, we examined the relationship between environmental sources of residential PAH, as well as other potential factors that may confound their association with cancer risk, and the detection of PAH-DNA adducts in a large population-based sample of adult women. Adult female residents of Long Island, New York, aged at least 20 years were identified from the general population between August 1996 and July 1997. Among 1556 women who completed a structured questionnaire, 941 donated sufficient blood (25+ ml) to allow use of a competitive ELISA for measurement of PAH-DNA adducts in peripheral blood mononuclear cells. Ambient PAH exposure at the current residence was estimated using geographic modeling (n=796). Environmental home samples of dust (n=356) and soil (n=360) were collected on a random subset of long-term residents (15+ years). Multivariable regression was conducted to obtain the best-fitting predictive models. Three separate models were constructed based on data from : (A) the questionnaire, including a dietary history; (B) environmental home samples; and (C) geographic modeling. Women who donated blood in summer and fall had increased odds of detectable PAH-DNA adducts (OR=2.65, 95% confidence interval (CI)=1.69, 4.17; OR=1.59, 95% CI=1.08, 2.32, respectively), as did current and past smokers (OR=1.50, 95% CI=1.00, 2.24; OR=1.46, 95% CI=1.05, 2.02, respectively). There were inconsistent associations between detectable PAH-DNA adducts and other known sources of residential PAH, such as grilled and smoked foods, or a summary measure of total dietary benzo-[a]-pyrene (BaP) intake during the year prior to the interview. Detectable PAH-DNA adducts were inversely associated with increased BaP levels in dust in the home, but positively associated with BaP levels in soil outside of the home, although CIs were wide. Ambient BaP estimates from the geographic model were not associated with detectable PAH-DNA adducts. These data suggest that PAH-DNA adducts detected in a population-based sample of adult women with ambient exposure levels reflect some key residential PAH exposure sources assessed in this study, such as cigarette smoking.
OBJECTIVES: External and internal exposure to naphthalene was examined in the most important industries that are typically concerned with polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-induced diseases (cancer). Furthermore, a control collective from the general population was investigated. METHODS: External naphthalene was determined by personal air sampling (n = 205). The internal exposure was examined by urinary metabolites 1-naphthol and 2-naphthol (n = 277). RESULTS: Highest median concentrations of naphthalene in air were found in converter infeed (93.2 microg/m3) and coal-tar distillation (35.8 microg/m3). Moderate and low levels were determined in coking plants (14.5 microg/m3) and in the production of refractories (6.1 microg/m3) and graphite electrodes (0.7 microg/m3). Biological monitoring revealed concentrations of the sum of both metabolites [(1+2)-NOL] in smokers to be increased by 1.6-6.4 times compared with that in non-smokers at the same workplaces. Among non-smokers we found high median (1+2)-NOL levels in converter bricklayers (120.1 microg/l), in coal-tar distillation workers (56.0 microg/l) and in coking plant workers (29.5 microg/l). (1+2)-NOL concentrations around 10 microg/l were found in the production of refractories and graphite electrodes. There was a rough coherency between external and internal naphthalene exposure. In the controls, median (1+2)-NOL concentrations were 10.9 microg/l in non-smokers' urine and 40.3 microg/l in smokers' urine samples. CONCLUSIONS: Actual conditions of occupational hygiene at the workplaces investigated in this comprehensive study are better than those that current limit values of 50,000 microg/m3 (TLV, TRK) seem to induce. It has become obvious that tobacco smoking is a crucial confounding factor in biological monitoring of naphthalene-exposed humans, making interpretation of occupationally increased naphthol excretions very difficult at low exposure levels. 
OBJECTIVE: The current study was designed to test the possible release and bioavailability of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) from a set of commercial carbon blacks (CBs) as well as the ability of these PAHs to form bulky DNA adducts. METHODS: In four commercial CBs (Printex 90, Sterling V, N330, Lampblack 101), leaching of PAH was examined through (1) release of parent PAHs in saline with or without surfactant, and (2) PAH adducts in lung epithelial cells (A549) or in rat lungs after exposure to two CBs (Printex 90, Sterling V) for 13 weeks (50 mg/m(3)). In vitro experiments were done with original and extracted particles, as well as organic extracts of CB in DMSO. As positive controls, B[a]P (0.03 microM) and a mixture of 16 PAHs (0.1 microM) were used. RESULTS: No leaching of PAHs was measured in saline or surfactant-containing saline. In vitro incubations with CB particles (30-300 microg/cm(2)) revealed no adduct spots except for Sterling V. However, the spot was not concentration dependent and remains unidentified. Lung DNA from rats after inhalation of Printex 90 or Sterling V showed no spots related to PAH-DNA adduct formation compared to sham-exposed rats. CONCLUSION: The results suggest that PAHs are very tightly bound to these CBs. Only using organic extracts or particles of low-surface Sterling V, with high PAH content, PAHs may become available to form PAH-DNA adducts. However, the in vitro conditions showing this effect will not be encountered in vivo and renders this mechanism in particle-induced lung cancer at in vivo exposures highly unlikely. 
BACKGROUND: Boilermakers are occupationally exposed to known carcinogens. METHODS: The association of urinary 1-hydroxy-pyrene (1-OHP), a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure, with biomarkers of metal exposure (vanadium, chromium, manganese, nickel, copper, and lead) in boilermakers exposed to metal fume from welding and dust particulates from residual oil fly ash (ROFA) was examined. A repeated measures cohort study was conducted during the overhaul of an oil-fired boiler. Twice-daily urine samples were obtained for 5 days and analyzed for cotinine, 1-OHP, and metals. Generalized estimating equations (GEE) were used to model the multivariate relationship of 1-OHP to the explanatory variables. RESULTS: Metal and 1-OHP levels were determined for 165 urine samples from 20 boilermakers and these levels increased during the workweek. However, the 1-OHP level was not significantly associated with any individual metal level at any time point. CONCLUSION: This suggests that boilermakers were occupationally exposed to PAH and metals, but 1-OHP as a PAH biomarker was unable to serve as a surrogate marker of metal exposure for the metals measured in this study. 
A cross-sectional study was conducted in 170 German workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) to investigate the role of 11 polymorphisms of CYP1A1, CYP1A2, CYP1B1, CYP3A4, EPHX1, GSTM1, GSTT1, and GSTP1 in the association between occupational exposure to PAH and urinary PAH metabolites. Polymorphisms were genotyped with real-time PCR. Exposure to 16 PAH was measured by personal air sampling. Urinary concentrations of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and the sum of 1-, 2+9-, 3-, and 4-hydroxyphenanthrenes (OHPhe) were determined post-shift. Urinary 1-OHP and OHPhe correlated significantly with exogenous pyrene (Spearman r=0.52, p<0.0001) and phenanthrene (Spearman r=0.72, p<0.0001), respectively. ANCOVA was applied to investigate potential predictors of the metabolite levels. Current smoking and type of industry turned out to be predictors of 1-OHP but not of OHPhe. CYP1A1 3801TC carriers showed 1.6-fold higher OHPhe levels than 3801TT carriers (p=0.03). EPHX1 113HH was associated with higher and 139RR with lower metabolite levels when compared with the corresponding reference genotypes (113YY; 139HH). In comparison to GSTP1 114AA, carriers of the V allele had 1.5-fold higher 1-OHP (p=0.03) and 2-fold higher OHPhe concentrations (p=0.001). OHPhe turned out to be also a suitable biomarker of occupational PAH exposure. The association with ambient PAH exposure and the influence of polymorphisms was more pronounced for OHPhe.
The ability of a DNA lesion to block transcription is a function of many variables: (1) the ability of the RNA polymerase active site to accommodate the damaged base; (2) the size and shape of the adduct, which includes the specific modified base; (3) the stereochemistry of the adduct; (4) the base incorporated into the growing transcript; (5) and the local DNA sequence. Each of these parameters, either alone or in combination, can influence how a particular lesion in the genome will affect transcription elongation, resulting in potential clearance of the lesion via transcription-coupled DNA repair or in the formation of truncated or full-length transcripts that might encode defective proteins.
Coal Oil Point (COP) is a natural oil seep off the coast of Santa Barbara, California. Although most studies examining the fate and effects of petroleum have focused upon urbanized or anthropogenic sources of inputs, few have examined the effects of polyaromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) derived from natural seeps. In order to evaluate the effects of PAHs derived from COP on marine fish populations, hatchery-reared California Halibut (Platichthys californicus) were exposed for 30 days to seven dilutions of sediments collected from COP. Hepatic cytochrome P450 1A (CYP1A), biliary fluorescent aromatic compounds (FACs), gonadal somatic indices, and plasma steroid concentrations. Sixteen USEPA priority PAHs were targeted for analysis in each sediment dilution. In general, biochemical responses were somewhat recalcitrant to dose-response relationships and were less sensitive than the literature values established for the same indicators following exposure to urbanized PAHs. Trends toward reductions in plasma 17beta-estradiol concentrations were observed, but reductions in gonadal somatic indices were not observed. FAC values for naphthalene, benzo(a)pyrene, phenanthrene-related compounds reached maximums at 33-100% COP sediment. The resulting insensitivity may be unique for exposure to "natural" petroleum due to a higher concentration of lower molecular weight PAHs or uncharacterized inhibitors.
The major DNA adducts of anti-benzo[a]pyrene diolepoxide (BPDE) were determined by high performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection (HPLC-FLD) in white blood cells (WBC) of workers exposed to benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P). In addition, ambient concentrations of B[a]P at the workplace were determined by personal air sampling. Workers in a refractory setting were examined before (n=26) and 3 months after (n = 33) changing the production material (binding pitch). Furthermore, 9 coke oven workers were examined. The change in the production process in the refractory setting led to a decrease in the median of ambient B[a]P concentrations (0.14 to <0.07 microg/m3). The median of BPDE-DNA adduct levels in WBC also decreased from 0.9 adducts/10(8) nucleotides before changing the production material to <0.5 adducts/10(8) nucleotides 3 months afterwards. The B[a]P concentrations at the workplace for the coke oven workers were found to be significantly higher than in the refractory setting. However, BPDE-DNA adduct concentrations in coke oven workers and refractory setting workers showed no significant difference, which was probably due to the low number of studied subjects in the coke-oven setting. No significant differences could be observed for BPDE-DNA adduct levels between current smokers (n=21) and non-smokers (n=14; p = 0.93) from both plants. In addition, no correlation between B[a]P concentrations in the air and DNA adduct levels in refractory workers and in coke oven workers could be found (r = -0.03, p = 0.87). Because of the missing correlation between personal air sampling and BPDE-DNA adduct levels in WBC, the results may indicate that their formation is either influenced by other routes of exposure to B[a]P (e.g., skin absorption, dietary habits) or interindividual differences in their formation and repair.
In this cross-sectional study, the authors evaluated urinary 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide (1-OHP-gluc) as a potential biomarker of exposure to various traffic exhausts. Subjects were 47 female highway toll-station workers and 27 female office workers in training for toll-station employment in Taipei, Taiwan. The mean concentration of urinary 1 -OHP-gluc was 0.117 micromol/mol creatinine in the exposed group and 0.073 micromol/mol creatinine in the reference group (difference in mean concentrations: 0.044 micromol/mol creatinine [95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.015, 0.072). In the lanes where tolls were collected from passenger cars, there was a significant relationship between cumulative traffic and 1-OHP-gluc concentration (i.e., average increase of 0.015 micromol/mol creatinine [95% CI: 0.003, 0.027] per 1,000 vehicles). The average increase for truck/bus lanes was similar to that identified for the car lanes (i.e., average increase of 0.011 micromol/mol creatinine [95% Cl: -0.024, 0.045] per 1,000 vehicles). The authors determined that exposure to various traffic exhausts increased the urinary concentration of 1-OHP-gluc in a dose-response pattern, which suggests that this chemical may be a useful biomarker for exposure to vehicle exhausts.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are toxic pollutants released by the World Trade Center (WTC) fires and various urban combustion sources. Benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) is a representative member of the class of PAHs. PAH-DNA adducts, or BaP-DNA adducts as their proxy, provide a measure of chemical-specific genetic damage that has been associated with increased risk of adverse birth outcomes and cancer. To learn whether PAHs from the WTC disaster increased levels of genetic damage in pregnant women and their newborns, we analyzed BaP-DNA adducts in maternal (n = 170) and umbilical cord blood (n = 203) obtained at delivery from nonsmoking women who were pregnant on 11 September 2001 and were enrolled at delivery at three downtown Manhattan hospitals. The mean adduct levels in cord and maternal blood were highest among newborns and mothers who resided within 1 mi of the WTC site during the month after 11 September, intermediate among those who worked but did not live within this area, and lowest in those who neither worked nor lived within 1 mi (reference group). Among newborns of mothers living within 1 mi of the WTC site during this period, levels of cord blood adducts were inversely correlated with linear distance from the WTC site (p = 0.02). To learn whether PAHs from the WTC disaster may have affected birth outcomes, we analyzed the relationship between these outcomes and DNA adducts in umbilical cord blood, excluding preterm births to reduce variability. There were no independent fetal growth effects of either PAH-DNA adducts or environmental tobacco smoke (ETS), but adducts in combination with in utero exposure to ETS were associated with decreased fetal growth. Specifically, a doubling of adducts among ETS-exposed subjects corresponded to an estimated average 276-g (8%) reduction in birth weight (p = 0.03) and a 1.3-cm (3%) reduction in head circumference (p = 0.04). The findings suggest that exposure to elevated levels of PAHs, indicated by PAH-DNA adducts in cord blood, may have contributed to reduced fetal growth in women exposed to the WTC event.
Goeckerman's therapy (GT), which combines exposure to coal tar (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons - PAHs) and UV radiation (UV) is often used as the first option for treatment of psoriasis. However, PAHs and UV represent mutagenic, carcinogenic and immunotoxic agents. Therefore GT can represent a health risk for the patients. The group under observation consisted of thirty patients undergoing GT. Before and after the treatment, blood samples were collected and chromosomal aberrations and selected immunological markers were determined. The relationships between chromosomal aberrations and immunological markers and the extent (duration) of exposure to GT were evaluated. The Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) score confirmed the high efficacy of GT. However, significantly elevated levels of chromosomal aberrations of peripheral lymphocytes were also found after the therapy (p<0.001). The levels of chromosomal abnormalities correlated to the extent and the total duration of exposure to PAHs (r = 0.682, p<0.01 and r = 0.605, p<0.05). After the therapy, significantly decreased levels of IgE, IgM isotypes of immunoglobulin, alpha(2)-macroglobulin and transferrin together with beta(2)-microglobulin were found. From the immunological markers listed above only the decreased level of alpha(2)-macroglobulin correlated to the extent of exposure to PAHs (r = -0.568, p<0.05). No correlation was found between chromosomal aberrations, significantly changed immunological markers and the duration of UV exposure. Our study revealed that GT has a significant impact on both genetic and immunological parameters of psoriatic patients. The results indicate that GT could increase genotoxic risk and modulates immunity of treated patients.
To investigate the effect of genetic polymorphisms on the oxidative damage caused by PAH exposure, we measured urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) levels to determine exposure and oxidative injury in university students. After examining myeloperoxidase (MPO) and manganese superoxide dismutase (MnSOD) genotypes by PCR and RFLP, we evaluated the effects of these polymorphisms on the relationship between the urinary levels of 1-OHP and 8-OHdG. No significant relation was observed between log 1-OHP and 8-OHdG concentrations in the whole study group (p=0.182), or between urinary 8-OHdG levels and polymorphisms of MnSOD or MPO (p=0.539 and 0.993, respectively). However, significant differences of regression coefficient were found for the relation between urinary log 1-OHP and urinary 8-OHdG concentrations in the presence of different MnSOD or MPO genotypes by multiple regression after controlling for age, sex, body mass index, cotinine, and smoking. In those with the MnSOD Val/Ala or Ala/Ala genotypes this regression coefficient was 1.480 (p=0.040), whereas for the MnSOD Val/Val genotype it was 0.088 (p=0.859). The higher regression coefficient was obtained for the subject group with the MnSOD Val/Ala or Ala/Ala genotype in combination with the MPO G/G genotype (p=0.012). We suggest that the oxidative injury caused by PAH exposure is modulated by genetic polymorphisms such as MnSOD and MPO.
AIMS: The present study aims to assess the biological uptake in children of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons measured as 1-hydroxypyrene in urine from children living in city and rural residences. METHODS: 103 children living in Copenhagen and 101 children living in rural residences of Denmark collected urine samples Monday to Friday morning. Each day, the family filled in a printed diary that included questions about the time and activity patterns of the child. Multiple regression analyses were used to identify predictors of the excreted 1-hydroxypyrene level. RESULTS: During the week, the children excreted on average 0.07 [95% CI: 0.01-0.41] mumol urinary 1-hydroxypyrene per mol creatinine. Children living in urban residences excreted 0.02 [95% CI: 0.01-0.05] mumol more 1-hydroxypyrene than children living in rural residences. This was confirmed in the multiple regression analysis showing a 29% (95% CI: 2-64%) higher excretion among urban children than rural children. Moreover, the regression analysis showed that for each hour per day spent outside the children excreted 58% (1.58 [1.22-2.03]) more 1-hydroxypyrene in urine. CONCLUSION: The present study indicates that children living in urban residences are more exposed to PAH than children living in rural residences. Time spent outdoors increased the excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene, which was most evident among urban children. Higher concentrations of ambient air pollution in urban areas may explain this finding. No influence of environmental tobacco smoke, cooking habits, and heating facilities was detected. 
Oxidative DNA damage and repair, as measured by 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) in urine and DNA samples were studied in association with work-related diesel exhaust exposure among garage and waste collection workers. Seasonal variations of the urinary 8-OHdG levels in pre- and two post-workshift urine samples of 29 exposed workers and 36 control persons were evaluated. The mean+/-SE levels of post-workshift 8-OHdG (mumol/mol crea) were 1.52+/-0.44 in winter and 1.61+/-0.33 in summer for the exposed workers, and 1.56+/-0.61 in winter and 1.43+/-0.49 in summer for the controls, respectively. No significant difference in the urinary 8-OHdG levels between exposed workers and control subjects in winter (p=0.923) and summer (p=0.350) was observed. A linear mixed model, adjusted for years of employment, age, ex/non-smoking and BMI, indicated no significant dose exposure-relationships between the urinary 8-OHdG and 15 PAH air concentrations nor between the 8-OHdG and 7 PAH monohydroxy-metabolites analyzed in the same workers. 8-OHdG was also analyzed in the mononuclear cell DNA of 19 exposed and 18 control subjects. The mean value of 8-OHdG/non-modified 2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG/105 dG+/-SE) were 4.89+/-0.17 for the exposed and 4.11+/-0.16 for the control persons, which showed no correlation with the urinary 8-OHdG levels (r=0.01, n=28, P=0.96). The PAH exposure at workplaces was mainly composed of volatile compounds, particularly naphthalene, suggesting low exposure through the respiratory tract and a low effect of PAH in ROS induction.
Cross-sectional biomarker studies can provide a snapshot of the frequency and characteristics of exposure/disease in a population at a particular point in time and, as a result, valuable insights for delineating the multi-step association between exposure and disease occurrence. Three major issues should be considered when designing biomarker studies: selection of appropriate biomarkers, the assay (laboratory validity), and the population validity of the selected biomarkers. Factors related to biomarker selection include biological relevance, specificity, sensitivity, biological half-life, stability, and so on. The assay attributes include limit of detection, reproducibility/reliability, inter-laboratory variation, specificity, time, and cost. Factors related to the population validity include the frequency or prevalence of markers, greater inter-individual variation than intra-individual variation, intra-class correlation coefficients (ICC), association with potential confounders, invasiveness of specimen collection, and subject selection. Three studies are selected to demonstrate different features of cross-sectional biomarker studies: (1) characterizing the determinants of the biomarkers (study I: urinary PAH metabolites and environmental particulate exposure), (2) relationship of multiple biomarkers of exposure and effect (study II: relationship between urinary PAH metabolites and oxidative stress), and (3) evaluating gene-environmental interaction (study III: effect of genetic polymorphisms of GSTM1 on the association of green tea consumption and urinary 1-OHPG levels in shipbuilding workers).
DNA adducts measured in tissues are promising markers for identifying damage in organs that could be a target for carcinogens. Polymorphisms in genes involved in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) metabolism have been shown to modify the levels of PAH-DNA adducts in target tissues. In order to study the role of metabolic gene polymorphisms on DNA-adduct formation in sperm, we determined the GSTM1 genotype in a group of men in whom PAH-DNA adducts in sperm had been previously measured by immunofluorescence. The mean level of adducts in sperm was significantly higher in subjects carrying the homozygous deletion variant of GSTM1 than in subjects with a functional GSTM1 (mean fluorescence staining intensity: 1.62+/-0.62 versus 1.33+/-0.55; p=0.02). With respect to environmental factors, subjects who reported occupational exposure to PAHs and who carried the GSTM1 deletion had a significant increase in PAH-DNA adducts in sperm in comparison with subjects who were not exposed and had a functional GSTM1 (mean staining intensity: 1.83+/-0.67 versus 1.30+/-0.53; p=0.05), although among GSTM1-null subjects there was no significant difference with or without occupational exposure. This study presents for the first time the effect of a common polymorphism in a gene that metabolizes PAHs on DNA-adduct levels in sperm.
Inner-city minority populations are high-risk groups for adverse birth outcomes and also more likely to be exposed to environmental contaminants, including environmental tobacco smoke (ETS), benzo[a]pyrene B[a]P, other ambient polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (global PAHs), and residential pesticides. The Columbia Center for Children's Environmental Health (CCCEH) is conducting a prospective cohort study of 700 northern Manhattan pregnant women and newborns to examine the effects of prenatal exposure to these common toxicants on fetal growth, early neurodevelopment, and respiratory health. This paper summarizes results of three published studies demonstrating the effects of prenatal ETS, PAH, and pesticides on birth outcomes and/or neurocognitive development [Perera FP, Rauh V, Whyatt RM, Tsai WY, Bernert JT, Tu YH, et al. Molecular evidence of an interaction between prenatal environment exposures on birth outcomes in a multiethnic population. Environ Health Perspect 2004;12:630-62; Rauh VA, Whyatt RM, Garfinkel R, Andrews H, Hoepner L, Reyes A, et al. Developmental effects of exposure to environmental tobacco smoke and material hardship among inner-city children. Neurotoxicol Teratol 2004;26:373-85; Whyatt RM, Rauh V, Barr DB, Camann DE, Andrews HF, Garfinkel R, et al. Prenatal insecticide exposures, birth weight and length among an urban minority cohort. Environ Health Perspect, in press]. To evaluate the effects of prenatal exposure to ETS, PAHs, and pesticides, researchers analyzed questionnaire data, cord blood plasma (including biomarkers of ETS and pesticide exposure), and B[a]P-DNA adducts (a molecular dosimeter of PAHs). Self-reported ETS was associated with decreased head circumference (P = 0.04), and there was a significant interaction between ETS and adducts such that combined exposure had a significant multiplicative effect on birth weight (P = 0.04) and head circumference (P = 0.01) after adjusting for confounders. A second analysis examined the neurotoxic effects of prenatal ETS exposure and postpartum material hardship (unmet basic needs in the areas of food, housing, and clothing) on 2-year cognitive development. Both exposures depressed cognitive development (P < 0.05), and there was a significant interaction such that children with exposure to both ETS and material hardship exhibited the greatest cognitive deficit (7.1 points). A third analysis found that cord chlorpyrifos, and a combined measure of cord chlorpyrifos, diazinon, and propoxur-metabolite, were inversely associated with birth weight and/or length (P < 0.05). These results underscore the importance of policies that reduce exposure to ETS, air pollution, and pesticides with potentially adverse effects on fetal growth and child neurodevelopment.
The evidence for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) playing a role in prostate carcinogenesis comes mainly from associations between reported PAH exposures and prostate cancer in epidemiologic studies. Associations between prostate cancer and DNA repair genotypes and phenotypes have also been reported, lending further credence to a PAH-induced carcinogenesis pathway in prostate cancer. Recent work that demonstrates the human prostate has metabolic enzyme activity necessary for PAH activation and will form DNA adducts upon exposure to PAH further supports PAH carcinogenesis. We have demonstrated the presence of PAH-DNA adducts in prostate cancer cases, but further validation of this biomarker as a carcinogenic agent in human prostate is needed.
A new technique, flowing afterglow with photoions (FIAPI), has been developed to measure the rate coefficient for the recombination of complex ions, and, in particular, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) cations with electrons. The method is based on the flowing afterglow Langmuir probe - mass spectrometer apparatus at the University of Rennes I. A helium plasma is generated by a microwave discharge in a He buffer gas and downstream, a small amount of argon gas is injected to destroy any helium metastables. A very small amount of neutral PAH molecules is added to the afterglow plasma by evaporation from a plate coated with the PAH to be studied. PAH ions are then produced by photoionization of the parent molecule using a pulsed UV laser (157 nm). The laser beam is oriented along the flow tube and so a constant spatial concentration of photoions is obtained. The electron concentration along the flow tube is measured by means of a movable Langmuir probe. Ion concentration decay in time is measured at a fixed position using a quadrupole mass spectrometer which is triggered by the laser pulse. The recombination of anthracene and pyrene cations has been studied using this technique and we have found a recombination rate of (2.4 +/- 0.8) x 10(-6) cm(3) s(-1) for anthracene and (4.1 +/- 1.2) x 10(-6) cm(3) s(-1) for pyrene.
A high-performance liquid chromatographic method with fluorescence detection has been developed to determine the urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites 2-hydroxynaphthalene, 2-hydroxyfluorene, 9-hydroxyphenanthrene, 1-hydroxypyrene and 3-hydroxybenz[a]pyrene. Solid phase extraction (SPE) was used to clean up the samples, and washing with 30% methanol was found to be the best way to remove interferences in the matrix. The method detection limits ranged from 0.044 microg/L for 1-hydroxypyrene to 1.615 microg/L for 3-hydroxybenz[a]pyrene, and the recoveries ranged between 40% for 3-hydroxybenz[a]pyrene and 99% for 2-hydroxynaphthalene. The within-day relative standard deviation was lowest for 2-hydroxynaphthalene at 0.67% and went up to 2.42% for 3-hydroxybenz[a]pyrene, and the between-day relative standard deviation ranged from 3.84% for 9-hydroxyphenanthrene to 10.42% for 2-hydroxyfluorene. The correlation coefficients were between 0.9962 and 0.9998. The developed method was successfully used to analyze samples from student volunteers in a high school.
We developed a gas chromatography isotope-dilution high-resolution mass spectrometry (GC/ID-HRMS) method for measuring 14 polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites representing seven parent PAHs in 3 mL of urine at low parts-per-trillion levels. PAH levels were determined in urine samples collected in 1999 and 2000 from approximately 2400 participants in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, and, for the first time, reference range values were calculated for these metabolites in the US population. Using this GC/ID-HRMS method, we found detectable concentrations for monohydroxy metabolite isomers of fluorene, phenanthrene, fluoranthene, pyrene, and chrysene, benzo[c]phenanthrene, and benz[a]anthracene. Some monohydroxy metabolite isomers of benzo[c]phenanthrene, chrysene, and benz[a]anthracene exhibited low detection frequencies that did not allow for geometric mean calculations. Our study results enabled us to establish a reference range for the targeted PAHs in the general US population.
This article presents an analytical approach that used chemical derivatization to enhance mass spectrometric (MS) response in electrospray ionization (ESI) mode of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), a commonly used biomarker to monitor human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). The enhancement successfully enabled the desired detection of 50 pg/mL in human urine. The introduction of an MS-friendly dansyl group to 1-OHP enhanced both ionization efficiency in the ESI source and collision-activated dissociation (CAD) in the collision cell. The response increase was estimated to be at least 200-fold, and enabled the reduction of sample size to only 100 microL. The selective MS detection also facilitated a fast (run time 3 min) liquid chromatography (LC) method which successfully resolved the analyte and interferences. The sample processing procedure included enzymatic hydrolysis of glucuronide and sulfate conjugates, liquid-liquid extraction, derivatization with dansyl chloride and a final liquid-liquid extraction to generate clean extracts for LC/MS/MS analysis. This approach has been validated as sensitive, linear (50-1000 pg/mL), accurate and precise for the quantitation of 1-OHP in human urine. This is the first report of using chemical derivatization to enhance MS/MS detection with fast chromatography in the determination of 1-OHP in human urine.
An analytical protocol including solid-phase extraction and purification is described for the individual quantification of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites (hydroxylated PAHs) in liquid biological matrices such as plasma and bile. The method consists in an enzymatic deconjugation followed by a solid-phase extraction on a C18 cartridge and by a cleanup on an NH2 cartridge. Extracts are then submitted to a derivatization step before gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) analysis. The quantification of PAH metabolites is ensured by adding an internal standard, 1-hydroxypyrene deuterated, at the beginning of the protocol. Recoveries obtained for the entire protocol were for the major part of the compounds between 96 and 70%. However, recoveries were not so satisfying concerning 2-hydroxybiphenyl and especially 3-hydroxybenzo(a)pyrene, with 62 and 36% respectively. Finally, the protocol was applied to different fish bile samples and showed its good applicability to fish bile samples. The NH2 cleanup step has been proved to be a very selective purification step, necessary to remove most of the bile pigments before GC/MS injection. Different PAH metabolites could be detected in those natural samples and their quantification allowed us to distinguish different levels of fish exposure.
In this paper we evaluated the possibility to assess occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) measuring unmetabolized PAHs in urine. With this aim, 24 road paving (RP) workers, exposed to bitumen fumes, and 6 road construction workers (CW), exposed to diesel exhausts, were investigated. Median personal exposure to low boiling PAHs (from naphthalene to pyrene) during the work shift ranged from 0.5 to 369 ng/m(3), with naphthalene as the most abundant compound. Three urine samples were collected for each worker: baseline (after 2 days of vacation), before- and end-shift samples (in the second part of the work week). The following urinary compounds were measured by headspace-solid phase microextraction GC/MS: naphthalene (U-NAP), acenaphthylene (U-ACY), acenaphthene (U-ACE), fluorene (U-FLE), phenanthrene (U-PHE), anthracene (U-ANT), fluoranthene (U-FLU), pyrene (U-PYR). Urinary PAHs were detected in almost all samples. Median levels for U-NAP, U-PHE, U-PYR and U-FLE in end-shift samples were 82, 48, 54 and 21 ng/L in RP and 69, 14, 24 and 15 ng/L in CW, respectively. Significant differences in the levels of U-PHE, U-FLU and U-PYR were found between RP and CW (p<0.05). Moreover in RP samples the urinary excretion of most analytes increased during the work shift (p<0.05). These results suggest that urinary PAHs may be useful biomarkers of occupational exposure.
In the present study the effect of repeated fish fried oil (RFFO) and its extract (RFFE) on hepatic cytochrome P450 (CYP) isozymes, benzo(a)pyrene (BP) metabolism and DNA adduct formation was undertaken. HPLC analysis of RFFO showed the presence of several polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. CYP in microsomes from control and RFFO-treated animals showed a peak at 450 nm; however, a shift of 2 nm in the SORET region along with significant induction was observed in microsomes prepared from 3-methylcholanthrene (MC)- and RFFE-treated animals. Activities of hepatic ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase, methoxyresorufin-O-deethylase, aryl hydrocarbon hydroxylase and erythromycin-N-demethylase were found to be significantly (P < 0.05) induced following exposure of RFFE, whereas none of these enzymes were altered in RFFO-treated group. Immunoblot analysis revealed that RFFE and MC were potent inducers of CYP1A1, 1A1/2 and 3A1 isozymes, where as RFFO showed no change in these protein levels. RT-PCR analysis showed induction of cDNA of CYP1A1 and CYP3A1 by RFFE treatment. Hepatic microsomes prepared from RFFE exposed animals enhanced BP metabolism with a concomitant increase in the relative proportion of BP 7,8-diol. Hepatic microsomes prepared from animals pretreated with RFFE and MC significantly enhanced the binding of [(3)H]-BP to calf thymus DNA. The overall results suggest that exposure to RFFE may induce hepatic CYP isozymes thereby producing enhanced reactive metabolites with a potential to bind with DNA that may result in cancer.
Urinalysis of multiple polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) biomarkers has been applied to assess the exposure of soil remediation workers on a former creosote wood impregnation site polluted with creosote oil. The uptake of PAHs was measured in preshift, end-of-shift, evening, and next preshift specimens (n=33) of nine volunteers with diverse tasks, using sensitive HPLC-FD methods. The ranges of biomarker concentrations in urine (nmol/l) were: 1-naphthol (14-159), 2-naphthol (9-166), 1- plus 2-naphthol (35-269), 1-hydroxyphenanthrene (OHPhe) (6-56), 2- plus 3-OHPhe (6-70), 4-OHPhe (1-6), 9-OHPhe (1-7), the sum of phenanthrols (15-135), and 1-hydroxypyrene, OHP (2.2-67). Eight of nine workers had OHP levels higher than the Finnish biological limit value for non-occupationally exposed persons (3nmol/l). A linear correlation was observed between 1- and 2-naphthol (r=0.90). The biomarker OHP correlated well in urine both with the major (1-OHPhe, r=0.96; 2- plus 3-OHPhe, r=0.84) and the minor phenanthrene metabolites (4-OHPhe, r=0.77; 9-OHPhe, r=0.68), and with the sum of all phenanthrols (r=0.94), but not so well with the sum of naphthols (r=0.66, p<0.001). The smokers had 2.9-, 2.2-, and 4.8-fold higher average concentrations of naphthols, phenanthrols, and OHP, respectively, than the non-smokers. The PAH biomarker data (concentrations and diurnal excretion profiles) showed significant work-related exposure in both non-smoking and smoking subjects. The average exposure levels were clearly higher than those we have measured for instance in asphalt paving workers. The workers' exposure should be assessed by biological monitoring, because at this type of outdoor work the dermal and pulmonary uptake of PAHs are both likely. Adequate measures for preventing, particularly, dermal absorption are of crucial importance for reducing the workers' risk of exposure to carcinogens on soil remediation sites.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) can occur in relatively high concentrations in the air, and many PAHs are known or suspected carcinogens. In order to better understand differences in carcinogenic potency between PAHs, we investigated modulation of gene expression in human HepG2 cells after 6 h incubation with varying doses of benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P), benzo[b]fluoranthene (B[b]F), fluoranthene (FA), dibenzo[a,h]anthracene (DB[a,h]A), 1-methylphenanthrene (1-MPA) or dibenzo[a,l]pyrene (DB[a,l]P), by using cDNA microarrays containing 600 toxicologically relevant genes. Furthermore, DNA adduct levels induced by the compounds were assessed with (32)P-post-labeling, and carcinogenic potency was determined by literature study. All tested PAHs, except 1-MPA, induced gene expression changes in HepG2 cells, although generally no dose-response relationship could be detected. Clustering and principal component analysis showed that gene expression changes were compound specific, since for each compound all concentrations grouped together. Furthermore, it showed that the six PAHs can be divided into three groups, first FA and 1-MPA, second B[a]P, B[b]F and DB[a,h]A, and third DB[a,l]P. This grouping corresponds with the carcinogenic potencies of the individual compounds. Many of the modulated genes are involved in biological pathways like apoptosis, cholesterol biosynthesis and fatty acid synthesis. The order of DNA adduct levels induced by the PAHs was: B[a]P > DB[a,l]P > B[b]F > DB[a,h]A > 1-MPA >/= FA. When comparing the expression change of individual genes with DNA adduct levels, carcinogenic potency or Ah-receptor antagonicity (the last two were taken from literature), several highly correlated genes were found, of which CYP1A1, PRKCA, SLC22A3, NFKB1A, CYP1A2 and CYP2D6 correlated with all parameters. Our data indicate that discrimination of high and low carcinogenic PAHs by gene expression profiling is feasible. Also, the carcinogenic PAHs induce several pathways that were not affected by the least carcinogenic PAHs.
To assess how the human exposure to airborne carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) during working in or visiting a typical Taiwanese temple, we present a probabilistic risk model, appraised with reported empirical data. Two approaches are applied, one based on animal-derived benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) toxic equivalents (B[a]P(eq)) of individual PAHs and one is assumed that the potency of PAH mixtures is linked to their B[a]P level. The model integrates probabilistic exposure profiles of total-PAH and particle-bound PAH levels inside a temple from a published exploratory study with probabilistic incremental lifetime cancer risk (ILCR) models taking into account inhalation and dermal contact pathways, to quantitatively estimate the exposure risks for three age groups of adult, adolescent, and child. Risk analysis indicates that 90% probability inhalation ILCRs for three age groups have orders of magnitude around 10(-7)--10(-6); whereas for the dermal contact ILCRs ranging from 10(-5) to 10(-4), indicating high potential cancer risk. All 90% probabilities of B[a]P- and B[a]P(eq)-based total ILCRs are larger than 10(-6), indicating unacceptable probability distributions for three age groups. Sensitivity analysis indicates that to increase the accuracy of the results efforts should focus on a better definition of probability distributions for inhalation cancer slope factor, inhalation rates, and particle-bound PAH-to-skin adherence factor. We estimate risk-based visiting frequency advice for adult, adolescent, and child to a temple ranging from 5 to 7, 17 to 23, and 48 to 65 year(-1), respectively, based on an average 3h residence time.
UNLABELLED: Asthma is primarily an airways inflammatory disease, and the bronchial airways have been shown to be particularly susceptible to oxidant-induced tissue damage. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate whether pulmonary inflammation in asthma is associated with exposure to environmental oxidants such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) and environmental tobacco smoke (ETS). METHOD: We assessed the exposure level of PAH and ETS by using urinary 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide (1-OHPG) and cotinine. We estimated oxidative damage and inflammatory cytokine levels from 16 asthma patients and 16 patients in stable conditions 1 to 2 months later. RESULTS: Our study showed that the levels of oxidative damage, as measured by malondialdehyde (MDA), were significantly increased (p = 0.006) during the asthma attacks. Proinflammatory and anti-inflammatory cytokines were both increased during the asthma attacks compared to the stable conditions at follow-up. Interleukin (IL-6) and IL-10 were especially increased significantly (p = 0.015 and p < 0.001, respectively). Correlations were observed between inflammatory cytokines such as IL-6 and IL-1beta (p = 0.034). CONCLUSION: This study supports the results of in vitro studies that oxidative stress, specifically lipid peroxidation, contributes to the pathophysiology of asthma. Therefore, environmental interventions based on this better understanding are needed to significantly reduce oxidant stress and prevent or minimize the development of asthmatic symptoms. 
To assess how the human exposure to environmental carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) pollution sources generated from industrial, traffic and rural settings, we present a probabilistic risk model, appraised with reported empirical data. A probabilistic risk assessment framework is integrated with the potency equivalence factors (PEFs), age group-specific occupancy probability and the incremental lifetime cancer risk (ILCR) approaches to quantitatively estimate the exposure risk for three age groups of adults, children, and infants. The benzo[a]pyrene equivalents based PAH concentrations in rural, traffic, and industrial areas associated with age group-specific occupancy probability at different environmental settings are used to calculate daily exposure level through inhalation and dermal contact pathways. Risk analysis indicates that the inhalation-ILCR and dermal contact-ILCR values for adults follow a lognormal distribution with geometric mean 1.04x10(-4) and 3.85x10(-5) and geometric standard deviation 2.10 and 2.75, respectively, indicating high potential cancer risk; whereas for the infants the risk values are less than 10(-6), indicating no significant cancer risk. Sensitivity analysis indicates that the input variables of cancer slope factor and daily inhalation exposure level have the greater impact than that of body weight on the inhalation-ILCR; whereas for the dermal-ILCR, particle-bound PAH-to-skin adherence factor and daily dermal exposure level have the significant influence than that of body weight.
OBJECTIVES: The aim was to determine whether occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in men has adverse effect on semen quality. METHODS: Forty-eight coke-oven workers, including 16 topside-oven (TO) workers and 32 sideoven (SO) workers, were studied. Ambient PAHs exposure, urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) levels, and parameters of semen quality were determined. RESULTS: TO workers had significantly higher ambient PAHs exposure (3,436.1+/-3,411.0 vs. 1,123.1+/-1,829.3 ng/m3, P < 0.01), urinary 1-OHP levels (207.8+/-176.4 vs. 54.0+/-44.8 microg/g, P < 0.001), frequency of oligospermia (18.8 vs. 0%, P < 0.05), and morphological abnormality in sperm (32.3 vs. 14.6%, P < 0.01) than SO workers. Among cigarette smokers, TO workers had significantly higher rates of DNA denaturation in spermatozoa (alphaT) and percentage of sperm with increased DNA denaturation (COMP alphaT) levels than SO workers (246.2+/-49.5 vs. 198.1+/-30.3 for alphaT; 34.8+/-14.4 vs. 19.3+/-13.9% for COMP alphaT, P < 0.05). There was a positive correlation between urinary 1-OHP and alphaT, COMP alphaT, and abnormal sperm morphology and a tenfold increase in urinary 1-OHP associated with a 2.35-fold increase in alphaT, as well as a 1.07-fold increase in percentage of sperm with abnormal morphology. CONCLUSIONS: A potential risk of sperm dysfunction should be considered for workers occupationally exposed to high levels of PAHs. Cigarette smoking may aggravate this risk. Urinary 1-OHP can be used as a biomarker predicting sperm dysfunction. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) concentrations were examined in small finfish (<30 cm) represented by capelin, sand lance, American plaice, yellowtail flounder and herring collected opportunistically in various NAFO divisions. Analyses were performed on whole fish and in a portion of the samples; concentrations in internal organs were compared to the rest of the carcass. The effect of pool size, size differences within and between species, lipid content and location were examined to interpret PAH concentrations. Measurements were carried out before the development of the Hibernia oil fields and represent baseline levels for future comparison. Limits in assessing future risk that could be due to discharges of produced water or accidental oil spills are also discussed. Increasing knowledge on the bioaccumulation of PAH, on the production of bile metabolites, the formation of DNA-adducts and of the potential toxic effects associated with PAH will lead to better ecosystem management and protection for future generations.
The aim of this study was to determine the transfer kinetics of soil-bound polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons to milk in lactating cows. Soil (500 g/day) fortified with fluorene (104 microg/g dry soil), phenanthrene (82 microg/g), pyrene (78 microg/g), and benzo[a]pyrene (33 microg/g) was administered to three dairy cows via a rumen cannulas for 28 consecutive days. Parent compounds and their major metabolites in milk were measured using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Secretion of parent compounds in milk did not increase significantly (P > 0.05) over the control values measured before supply. Target monohydroxylated metabolites were not detected in control samples, but 2-hydroxy fluorene, 3-hydroxy phenanthrene, and 1-hydroxy pyrene were present in milk by the second day of dosing. The highest concentrations of metabolites in milk (31-39 ng/mL) were for 1-hydroxy pyrene at days 7 and 14 of dosing. The observed plateaus for 3-hydroxy phenanthrene and 2-hydroxy fluorene were lower (respectively, 0.69 and 2.79 ng/mL) but significantly increased in comparison to the control samples. Contrarily, 3-hydroxy benzo[a]pyrene was not detected in milk at any sampling time. These results suggested a notable metabolism of the parent compounds after their extraction from soil during the digestive transfer. Thus, the metabolization of fluorene and pyrene can lead to higher concentrations of metabolites than of parent compounds in milk. Despite the absence of a significant transfer of parent PAHs to milk, the appearance of metabolites raises the questions of their impact on human health.
OBJECTIVE: Humans are exposed to various carcinogens by smoking. Urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), one of the major carcinogens in cigarette smoke, were measured as the environmental carcinogen exposure marker for humans. We evaluated urinary exposure markers for smoking cessation. METHOD: In this study, we measured cigarette smoke exposure markers, such as urinary cotinine, PAH exposure markers, such as urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), 2-naphthol (2-NP) and 1-naphthol (1-NP), as well as a methylating chemical exposure marker, 7-methylguanine (7-MeG). The before smoking cessation levels of these markers, and the after smoking cessation levels were then compared. Eighteen subjects participated in this smoking cessation program. RESULTS: Levels of all of four markers were found to have decreased by 19-54% after smoking cessation. Urinary cotinine, 1-OHP, 2-NP and 7-MeG levels were found to have significantly decreased after smoking cessation. There were positive correlations between cotinine and three urinary PAH markers and between 1-OHP, 2-NP and 7-MeG. CONCLUSION: PAH metabolites were better biomarkers of smoking cessation than 7-MeG. Analyzing urinary metabolites or urinary DNA adducts is suitable for epidemiological studies. 
PURPOSE: Potential sources of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and genetic polymorphisms were investigated in relation to their contribution to interindividual variation in baseline levels of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) excretion in subjects without occupational exposure to PAHs. METHODS: Urinary excretion of 1-OHP was measured in 114 subjects, including 48 women and 66 men. Questionnaire information was collected on possible environmental and individual sources of PAH exposure. A subset of 70 individuals also was evaluated for a single-nucleotide polymorphism (Ex7+295C-->T) in the cytochrome P-450 1A2 (CYP1A2) gene, and 61 of these also were evaluated for the glutathione transferase T1 (GSTT1) gene polymorphism. RESULTS: 1-OHP values did not show a significant seasonal variability and were unaffected by age; education; body mass index; smoking status, including passive smoking; or the C-->T base substitution in position 295 of exon 7 of the CYP1A2 gene. After reciprocal adjustment with logistic regression, living in a heavily trafficked urban area (odds ratio, 4.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-24.9), and frequent intake of grilled meat (odds ratio, 6.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-43.5) were significant predictors of background urinary 1-OHP levels of 0.50 microg/g creatinine or greater. Elevated risks also were associated with daily alcohol intake greater than 65 g and the nonnull GSTT1 genotype. CONCLUSION: Our study shows that exposure to urban traffic, dietary habits, and the nonnull GSTT1 genotype may contribute to interindividual variation in background levels of 1-OHP urinary excretion in subjects without occupational exposure to PAHs. 
A selective clean-up procedure using an immunosorbent (IS) was developed for the trace-level determination, in water and urine samples, of 3-benzo(a)pyrene-glucuronide (3-BP-G), a biomarker of exposure to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). First, three sorbents used for the immobilization of antibodies were evaluated for their ability to limit the risk of non-specific interactions and to provide a high bonding density. The best sorbent, i.e. sepharose, was used for the immobilization of two different monoclonal antibodies. The most specific antibody for 3-BP-G was applied to the selective extraction from urine providing a clean extract, an easy and reliable quantification by comparison with a classical SPE process. The sensitivity of the fluorescence associated with the selectivity of the IS provides a limit of detection up to 1.2 ng l(-1) in urine for 3-BP-G.
Urine samples collected in 1999 and 2000 as part of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) were analyzed for 14 monohydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH, metabolites of 7 PAH compounds) and for the first time reference range values were calculated for these metabolites in the U.S. population. The purpose of this paper is to explore differences in these PAH metabolites between children (6-11 years old), adolescents, and adults. More than 99% of the urine samples contained a detectable amount of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHpyrene), a metabolite of pyrene. We found that children in the youngest age group (6-11 years) had a geometric mean level (creatinine corrected data) 30% higher than children and adults in the other age groups, but no statistical differences existed between the two genders and among different racial groups. Smokers and persons exposed to environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) in 12-19-year-old group and the 20-year-and-older group had higher levels of urinary 1-OHpyrene by a factor of 2-3 than non-smokers in the corresponding age group. Measurements of 3-hydroxyphenanthrene also suggested increased levels in children and in smokers. These results may indicate that young children are at a greater risk for PAH exposure, or that they absorb, distribute, metabolize, or eliminate PAH differently than adults.
1-Hydroxypyrene is a metabolite of pyrene, a member of the class of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) whose toxic properties in some cases include carcinogenicity. The determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine is used as a biological indicator for exposure to PAHs, which is related to the combustion of organic materials, like smoking, living in urban environments, and eating grilled or smoked food. The determination of 1-hydroxypyrene by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) with fluorescence detection has very good sensitivity but it is not highly specific: this can reduce accuracy in the quantitative determination of low levels of analyte in a complex matrix like urine. An HPLC method that uses triple quadrupole mass detection has been validated with the objective both to improve the signal-to-noise (S/N) ratio and to achieve the maximum specificity for the analyte in those urine samples that are richer in possible inteferents. The calibration range for 1-hydroxypyrene is from 0.005-0.1 microg/L in the urine of non-smoking healthy volunteers. After solid-phase extraction, samples were analyzed by HPLC/tandem mass spectrometry (MS/MS) in the multiple reaction monitoring (MRM) mode. In order to obtain reliable results quantitative analysis must be performed by means of the internal standard method (we used deuterium-labelled 1-hydroxypyrene): the method accuracy is not less than 85%. The S/N ratio at a concentration of 0.1 microg/L is about 10, and therefore this can be considered the lowest limit of quantitation. The method performance does not change if urine samples are measured using a calibration curve prepared in methanol, thus reducing the time of analysis and costs.
The objective was to evaluate the utility of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), S-phenylmercapturic acid (S-PMA), trans,trans-muconic acid (t,t-MA), 3-methyladenine (3-MeAd), 3-ethyladenine (3-EtAd), 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) and thioethers as biomarkers for assessing the exposure in adult smokers who switched from smoking conventional cigarettes to candidate potential reduced exposure products (PREP) or who stopped smoking. Two electrically heated smoking systems (EHCSS) were used as prototype cigarettes that have significant reductions in a number of mainstream smoke constituents as measured by smoking machines relative to those from conventional cigarettes. Urine samples were collected from a randomized, controlled, forced-switching study in which 110 adult smokers of a conventional cigarette brand (CC1) were randomly assigned to five study groups. The groups included the CC1 smoking group, a lower-tar conventional cigarette (CC2) smoking group, EHCSS1 group, EHCSS2 group and a no smoking group that were monitored for 8 days. Biomarkers were measured at baseline and day 8. The daily excretion levels of these biomarkers were compared among the groups before and after switching, and the relationships between the daily excretion levels of these biomarkers and cigarette smoking-related exposure were investigated using Pearson product-moment correlation and multiple regression analyses. It was concluded that under controlled study conditions: (1) 1-OHP, S-PMA and t,t-MA are useful biomarkers that could differentiate exposure between smoking conventional and EHCSS cigarettes or between smoking conventional cigarettes and no smoking; between S-PMA and t,t-MA, the former appeared to be more sensitive; (2) 3-MeAd could only differentiate between smoking conventional cigarettes and no smoking; the results for 3-EtAd were not conclusive because contradictory results were observed; (3) 8-OHdG had a questionable association with smoking and therefore the utility of this biomarker for smoking-related exposure could not be established; and (4) urinary excretion of thioethers as a biomarker lacked sensitivity to demonstrate a clear dose-response relationship in conventional cigarette smokers, although it could differentiate the excretion levels between those subjects who smoked a conventional cigarette and those who stopped smoking.
A method suitable for the determination of unmetabolized polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) excreted at trace levels (ng/L) in human urine for the monitoring of exposure of the general population to PAH contamination was developed. PAHs were determined, after enrichment by solid-phase extraction on polyurethane foam (PUF) chips, by HPLC with fluorescence detection. Different parameters affecting analyte extraction to the PUF, including urine salting-out and organic additives, and optimization of conditions for clean-up and desorption have been investigated. Optimized conditions were 40 mL acidified urine sample, added with magnesium sulfate, tetrahydrofuran and a 2 cm3 PUF chip, and extracted by shaking at 30 rpm for 1 h at ambient temperature. Desorption was performed, after a clean-up step with diluted sodium hydroxide, using a small amount of diethyl ether. The recovery of PAH congeners from spiked urines was >90% in the 2-100 ng/L range; the detection limit was 0.1-0.5 ng/L, depending on the considered PAH congener; day-to-day precision, at 50 ng/L native PAH content, was CV = 10-20%. The proposed technique provides a simple, economical and effective procedure for the determination of trace amounts of unmetabolized PAHs excreted in human urine spot samples.
A cross-industry occupational hygiene survey was commissioned by the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) to determine the levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure in UK industry and to determine if one or more target analytes were suitable as markers for assessing total exposure to PAHs. There were no broadly applicable UK exposure standards for assessing total exposure to PAHs. Until 1993 a guidance value for assessing exposure in coke ovens only, where PAH exposure is known to be the highest, was based on gravimetric analysis of cyclohexane-soluble material. Biological monitoring based on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) is widely reported to be an effective indicator of exposure by both dermal and inhalation routes but there was no UK guidance value. The survey involved an occupational hygiene study of 25 sites using both airborne monitoring of a total of 17 individual PAHs and biological monitoring. The results showed 8 h TWA levels of total PAH in air ranged from 0.4 to 1912.6 microg m(-3) with a GM of 15.8 microg m(-3). The profile of PAHs was dominated by naphthalene, the most volatile 2-ring PAH. Airborne benzo(a)pyrene (BaP) correlated well (r(2) = 0.971) with levels of carcinogenic 4-6 ring PAHs and was an effective marker of exposure for all industries where significant particle bound PAH levels were found and, in particular, for CTPV exposure. The 8 h TWA levels of BaP ranged from <0.01 to 6.21 microg m(-3) with a GM of 0.036 microg m(-3); 90% were <0.75 microg m(-3) and 95% were <2.0 microg m(-3). Two hundred and eighteen urine samples collected from different workers at the end of shift and 213 samples collected pre-shift next day were analysed for 1-OHP. Levels of 1-OHP in end-of-shift samples were generally higher than those in pre-shift-next-day samples and showed a good correlation (r(2) = 0.768) to airborne BaP levels if samples from workers using respiratory protection or with significant dermal exposure were excluded. Urinary 1-OHP in end-of-shift samples ranged from the limit of detection (0.5 micromol mol(-1) creatinine) to 60 micromol mol(-1) creatinine with a mean of 2.49 micromol mol(-1) and a 90th percentile value of 6.7 micromol mol(-1) creatinine. The highest 1-OHP levels were found in samples from workers impregnating timber with creosote where exposure was dominated by naphthalene. If the 11 samples from these workers were excluded from the dataset, the 90% value for end-of-shift urine samples was 4 micromol mol(-1) creatinine (n = 207) and this value has since been adopted by the HSE as a biological monitoring benchmark value.
It is controversial whether women have a higher lung cancer susceptibility compared to men. We previously reported higher levels of smoking-related bulky DNA adducts in female lungs. In a pilot study (27 cases), we also found a higher level of female lung cytochrome P4501A1 (CYP1A1) gene expression. In the present extended study we report on the pulmonary expression of several genes involved in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon bioactivation in relation to sex, smoking and DNA adducts. CYP1A1, CYP1B1, aryl hydrocarbon receptor and microsomal epoxide hydrolase gene expression was measured by quantitative real-time reverse transcriptase-PCR in 121 normal lung tissue samples. The expression of CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 was significantly higher among current smokers compared to ex-smokers and never-smokers. Among current smokers, females had a 3.9-fold higher median level of CYP1A1 compared to males (p = 0.011). CYP1B1 expression was not related to sex. Lung DNA adducts (measured by 32P-postlabeling) were highly significantly related to CYP1A1 (p < 0.0001) irrespective of smoking-status. Our results are consistent with the hypothesis that CYP1A1 plays a significant role in lung DNA adduct formation and support a higher susceptibility to lung cancer among females.
In order to perform comprehensive epidemiological studies where multiple metabolites of several PAHs are measured and compared in low-dose urine samples, fast and robust methods are needed to measure many analytes in the same sample. We have modified a previous method used for measuring polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites by automating the solid-phase extraction (SPE) and including an additional eight metabolites. We also added seven new carbon-13 labeled standards, which improves the use of isotope-dilution calibration. Our method included enzyme hydrolysis, automated SPE and derivatization with a silylating reagent followed by gas chromatography (GC), coupled with high-resolution mass spectrometry (HRMS). Using this method, we measured 23 metabolites, representing 9 parent PAHs, with detection limits in the low pg/mL range. All steps in the clean-up procedure were optimized individually, resulting in a method that gives good recoveries (69-93%), reproducibility (coefficient of variation for two quality control pools ranged between 4.6 and 17.1%, N>156), and the necessary specificity. We used the method to analyze nearly 3000 urine samples in the fifth National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES 2001-2002).
Elevated aflatoxin B(1)-albumin adducts (AFB(1)-Alb) have been associated with an increased risk for HCC development. However, there are no studies in humans, correlating albumin adducts in blood with liver DNA adducts. Forty frozen tumor tissues and 39 paired plasma samples from HCC patients were collected in Taiwan, to determine the relationship between albumin adducts in blood and DNA adducts in liver tissue as well as mutations in p53 and methylation of p16. AFB(1)- and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts in tissue and albumin adducts in plasma were determined by immunohistochemistry and competitive ELISA, respectively. Plasma AFB(1)-Alb adducts in subjects with low, medium and high levels of AFB(1)-DNA adducts in tumor tissues were 51.0 +/- 36.5, 70.5 +/- 48.1 and 84.9 +/- 48.2 fmol/mg, respectively (p(trend) = 0.05). No significant correlation was found for PAH. Fourteen of 40 (36%) tissues were positive for mutant p53 protein by immunohistochemistry; 11 of 40 tissue DNA samples (28%) were positive for p53 mutations, but not their corresponding plasma DNAs. p16 was methylated in 24 of 40 (62%) tissues and 12 of 39 (32%) plasma DNAs. Significant correlations were observed between AFB(1)-Alb adducts and p53 mutations and p16 methylation. These data suggest that genetic, epigenetic and environmental exposure biomarkers in plasma may help in estimating the risk for the development of HCC.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) is a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure. We measured urinary 1-OHP in 48 children 3 years of age in Mariupol, Ukraine, who lived near a steel mill and coking facility and compared these with 1-OHP concentrations measured in 42 children of the same age living in the capital city of Kiev, Ukraine. Children living in Mariupol had significantly higher urinary 1-OHP and creatinine-adjusted urinary 1-OHP than did children living in Kiev (adjusted: 0.69 vs. 0.34 micromol/mol creatinine, p < 0.001; unadjusted: 0.42 vs. 0.30 ng/mL, p = 0.002). Combined, children in both cities exposed to environmental tobacco smoke in their homes had higher 1-OHP than did children not exposed (0.61 vs. 0.42 micromol/mol creatinine; p = 0.04; p = 0.07 after adjusting for city). In addition, no significant differences were seen with sex of the children. Our sample of children in Mariupol has the highest reported mean urinary 1-OHP concentrations in children studied to date, most likely due to their proximity to a large industrial point source of PAHs.
A fast analysis method using liquid chromatography-atmospheric pressure chemical ionization tandem mass spectrometry was developed for the simultaneous determination of the 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene (3-OHBaP) in urine. Mass transitions were monitored at m/z 219.3-200.0 for 1-OHP and m/z 269.2-252.2 for 3-OHBaP. Only 10 min was needed for the analysis. The recovery was 60% for 3-OHBaP and 91% for 1-OHP, respectively. And the method detection limits were 0.49 microg/L for 1-OHP and 1.03 microg/L for 3-OHBaP. The inter- and intra-day relative standard deviations were in the range of 2.8-8.9% for 1-OHP and 9.7-20.8% for 3-OHBaP, respectively. The developed method was successfully used to measure urinary PAH metabolites of student volunteers in a high school.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are widespread environmental DNA-damaging agents regarded as risk factors for human disease, including lung and breast cancer. The biotransformation of PAHs to carcinogenic metabolites is mediated by the aromatic hydrocarbon receptor (AhR), which activates transcription at xenobiotic responsive elements (XREs = 5'-GCGTG-3') found in the promoter regions of genes encoding for detoxifying enzymes, including CYP1A1 and CYP1B1. In this study, we wished to identify novel biomarkers that may be useful in monitoring critical carcinogenic events of the breast induced by PAHs. Using a GeneMAP CancerArray, we analyzed in breast cancer MCF-7 cells the temporal effects of the AhR agonist benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P), which is a prototype PAH and known environmental carcinogen. Genes upregulated at least threefold by B[a]P and containing potential XREs within their promoter regions included CYP1A1, CYP1B1, paired box gene 3 (PAX3), cortactin (CTTN/EMS1), beta-2-microglobulin (B2M), and transferrin receptor (TfR). The stimulatory effects of B[a]P on expression of these genes were abrogated by cotreatment with the AhR antagonist flavonoid, alpha-napthoflavone (ANF). The TfR gene was selected for further analysis as its promoter region contains two potential XREs and its expression has been shown to be increased in breast cancer cells. Accumulation of TfR mRNA in B[a]P-treated cells was confirmed by quantitative real time PCR. Transient transfection studies indicated that the transcriptional activity of the TfR promoter was stimulated by B[a]P, whereas ANF counteracted this induction. These results indicate that the TfR gene may be a potential biomarker of PAH exposure.
Laboratory and bioinformatics studies have suggested that immunoglobulin mu-binding protein 2 (IGHMBP2) is involved in DNA repair, replication and recombination. Using 1067 cases and 1110 controls from a population-based case-control study, we sought to clarify the potential role of the IGHMBP2 Thr671Ala polymorphism (A to G substitution) alone and as a modifier of the effects for cigarette smoking and PAH-DNA adducts on breast cancer risk. Unconditional logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Overall, there was no significant association between the IGHMBP2 variant-G allele and breast cancer risk (OR = 1.1, 95% CI = 0.9-1.3). Increased risk was found among women who had detectable PAH-DNA adducts and carried at least one variant-G allele (OR = 1.4, 95% CI = 1.0-1.8, p for trend = 0.01) compared to women carrying the wild-type AA genotype and with non-detectable adducts. Smokers carrying the IGHMBP2 variant-G allele had no significant increased breast cancer risk compared with non-smoking women with the AA genotype. Heavy smokers (>31 pack years) had a statistically significant association with breast cancer risk (OR=2.0, 95% CI=1.2-3.3) relative to nonsmokers with the AA genotype though the magnitude of association was not different than heavy smokers (> 31 pack years) with the AA genotype (OR=1.6, 95% CI=0.9-2.6). Overall our study observes only modestly higher effect estimates for PAH-DNA adduct exposure and cigarette smoking among those with the high-risk genotype, but these differences are not statistically significant. Additional studies focused on the biological function of the variant-G allele and interactions with other genetic polymorphisms are necessary to confirm our findings.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts pervert the execution or fidelity of enzymatic DNA transactions and cause mutations and cancer. Here, we examine the effects of intercalating PAH-DNA adducts on the religation reaction of vaccinia DNA topoisomerase, a prototypal type IB topoisomerase (TopIB), and the 3' end-resection reaction of Escherichia coli exonuclease III (ExoIII), a DNA repair enzyme. Vaccinia TopIB forms a covalent DNA-(3'-phosphotyrosyl)-enzyme intermediate at a target site 5'-C(+5)C(+4)C(+3)T(+2)T(+1)p / N(-1) in duplex DNA. The rate of the forward cleavage reaction is suppressed to varying degrees by benzo[a]pyrene (BP) or benzo[c]phenanthrene (BPh) adducts at purine bases within the 3'-G(+5)G(+4)G(+3)A(+2)A(+1)T(-1)A(-2) sequence of the nonscissile strand. We report that BP adducts at the +1 and -2 N6-deoxyadenosine (dA) positions flanking the scissile phosphodiester slow the rate of DNA religation to a greater degree than they do the cleavage rate. By increasing the cleavage equilibrium constant > or = 10-fold, the BPdA adducts, which are intercalated via the major groove, act as TopIB poisons. With respect to ExoIII, we find that (i) single BPdA adducts act as durable roadblocks to ExoIII digestion, which is halted at sites 1 and 2 nucleotides prior to the modified base; (ii) single BPhdA adducts, which also intercalate via the major groove, elicit a transient pause prior to the lesion, which is eventually resected; and (iii) BPh adducts at N2-deoxyguanosine, which intercalate via the minor groove, are durable impediments to ExoIII digestion. These results highlight the sensitivity of repair outcomes to the structure of the PAH ring system and whether intercalation occurs via the major or minor groove.
The mechanisms by which derivatives of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) cause mutations have been of considerable interest. Three different N(6)-adenyl PAH-diol epoxide oligonucleotide derivatives were studied with the archebacterial translesion DNA polymerase Sulfolobus solfataricus Dpo4. Steady-state kinetic analysis indicated insertion of all four dNTPs opposite each of the three N(6)-adenyl PAH adducts, with only slightly varying misincorporation efficiencies. Full-length extension of shorter primers paired with templates containing the N(6)-adenyl PAH derivatives proceeded to apparent completion at 45 degrees C in the presence of added dimethyl sulfoxide. Analysis of the products by high-performance liquid chromatography/collision-induced mass spectrometry indicated the presence of mixtures of products with each PAH adduct. These mixtures correspond to both error-free synthesis and mixtures of polymerization/realignment steps. With an unmodified template, only the expected A:T and G:C pairing was detected in the primer extension products under these conditions, with no frameshifts. These results demonstrate the complexity of polymerization opposite these bulky N(6)-adenyl PAH adducts, even with a single polymerase.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts have been associated with breast cancer in several small studies. The authors' pooled analysis included 873 cases and 941 controls from a population-based case-control study. Competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay in peripheral mononuclear cells was conducted in 2 rounds, and results were pooled on the basis of round-specific quantiles. The odds ratio for breast cancer was elevated in relation to detectable PAH-DNA adducts (1.29 as compared with nondetectable adduct levels; 95% confidence interval = 1.05, 1.58), but there was no apparent dose-response relationship with increasing quantiles. No consistent pattern emerged when the results were stratified by PAH sources (e.g., active cigarette smoking or PAH-containing foods), or when the cases were categorized by stage of disease or hormone receptor status. These data provide only modest support for an association between PAH-DNA adducts and breast cancer development.
The PAH metabolites produced during degradation of fluorene, phenanthrene and pyrene by a bacterial consortium enriched from mangrove sediments were analyzed using the on-fiber silylation solid-phase microextraction (SPME) combining with gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) method. Seventeen metabolites at trace levels were identified in different PAH degradation cultures based on the full scan mass spectra. In fluorene degradation cultures, 1-, 2-, 3- and 9-hydroxyfluorene, fluorenone, and phthalic acid were detected. In phenanthrene and pyrene degradation cultures, various common metabolites such as phenanthrene and pyrene dihydrodiols, mono-hydroxy phenanthrene, dihydroxy pyrene, lactone and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene, methyl ester, and phthalic acid were found. The detection of various common and novel metabolites demonstrates that SPME combining with GC-MS is a quick and convenient method for identification as well as monitoring the real time changes of metabolite concentrations throughout the degradation processes. The knowledge of PAH metabolic pathways and kinetics within indigenous bacterial consortium enriched from mangrove sediments contributes to enhance the bioremediation efficiency of PAH in real environment.
OBJECTIVES: We previously developed a historical reconstruction model to estimate exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) from traffic back to 1960 for use in case-control studies of breast cancer risk. Here we report the results of four exercises to validate and calibrate the model. METHODS: Model predictions of benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) concentration in soil and carpet dust were tested against measurements collected at subjects' homes at interview. In addition, predictions of air intake of BaP were compared with blood PAH-DNA adducts. These same soil, carpet, and blood measurements were used for model optimization. In a separate test of the meteorological dispersion part of the model, predictions of hourly concentrations of carbon monoxide from traffic were compared with data collected at a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency monitoring station. RESULTS: The data for soil, PAH-DNA adducts, and carbon monoxide concentrations were all consistent with model predictions. The carpet dust data were inconsistent, suggesting possible spatial confounding with PAH-containing contamination tracked in from outdoors or unmodeled cooking sources. BaP was found proportional to other PAHs in our soil and dust data, making it reasonable to use BaP historical data as a surrogate for other PAHs. Road intersections contributed 40-80% of both total emissions and average exposures, suggesting that the repertoire of simple markers of exposure, such as traffic counts and/or distance to nearest road, needs to be expanded to include distance to nearest intersection. 
Our objective was to compare polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure estimates based on survey, biological monitoring, and geographic information system (GIS) methods. The 304 participants in this study supplied a urine sample and completed questionnaires about exposure to potential PAH sources. We assayed urine samples for 1-hydroxypyrene-O-glucuronide (1-OHPG), the major metabolite of pyrene, a common PAH. We used a GIS to estimate traffic exhaust exposure using vehicle count data at the residence and workplace. The five subjects who reported smoking during the 48-hour period had median 1-OHPG concentrations 10-fold that of nonsmokers (1.6 versus 0.16 pmol/mL; P = 0.01). Among nonsmokers, those who reported eating grilled, roasted, or broiled meat had significantly higher 1-OHPG concentrations than those who did not reported eating meat prepared by these methods (0.25 versus 0.06 pmol/mL; P = 0.02). Nonsmokers who reported traveling on roads for > or =3 hours during the 48-hour period also had significantly higher 1-OHPG levels than those who traveled <3 hours (0.23 versus 0.11 pmol/mL; P = 0.03). 1-OHPG levels were also correlated with hours of secondhand smoke exposure among nonsmokers (P = 0.04). In this study, 1-OHPG urine concentrations were not associated with self-reported exposures to cooking smoke, wood burning, or traffic levels near the home or to traffic density or urban/rural status determined using a GIS. Self-reported indicators of residential proximity to high traffic volume were, however, associated with GIS traffic density measures.
Polymorphisms in genes encoding polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolizing enzymes may alter metabolism of these carcinogens and contribute to inter-individual difference in urine concentrations. We investigated the influence of genetic polymorphism on PAH metabolism in urine from 199 healthy subjects from Southern Brazil. We measured urine 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide (1-OHPG) concentrations using immunoaffinity chromatography and synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy and genotyped subjects using standard methods. Genetic variants in CYP1B1 (rs1056827, rs1800440, rs10012) were strongly associated with urine 1-OHPG with P-values < 0.010. Variants in aryl hydrocarbon receptor (Ahr) (rs4986826), CYP1A1 (rs1799814) and CYP1A2 (rs2069514) were also, although less strongly, associated with changes in urine 1-OHPG concentrations. These variants had P-values of 0.074, 0.040 and 0.025, respectively. The median urine 1-OHPG concentrations (pmol/ml) in the homozygous wild-type and homozygous variants for CYP1B1 (rs10012) and the Ahr, CYP1A1 and CYP1A2 variants listed above were 2.16 and 0.10, 2.16 and 0.41, 2.03 and 0.46, 2.19 and 2.79, respectively. We found no effect of deletions in GST M1 or GST T1, or different alleles of UGT1A1*28. Adjusting for age, sex, place of residence, tobacco smoke exposure, maté drinking, cachaça and barbeque preparation had only a minor impact on the associations. A model containing just exposure variables had an r2 of 0.21; a model with single genotypes for Ahr, CYP1A1, CYP1A2 and CYP1B1 had an r2 of 0.10; and a model combining both exposure and genotype information had a total r2 of 0.33. Our results suggest that CYP1B1 genotypes are strongly associated with urine 1-OHPG concentrations in this population.
In 1999, we introduced the German polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) study. The study was designed as a nation-wide investigation on workers exposed to PAH. One aim of the study was to establish biological monitoring guidance values (BMGVs) for different branches. Here, we report on the production of fire-proof materials. This branch of industry is typically confronted with high exposure to PAH and with PAH-induced occupational (cancer) diseases. One hundred and thirty-five employees participated in the course of seven sampling dates in four different plants in Germany. External exposure was determined by personal air monitoring of the 16 EPA-PAH. Human biological monitoring was accomplished by the determination of 1-hydroxypyrene and monohydroxyphenanthrenes in post-shift spot urine samples. Concentrations of PAH in the air of the workplaces ranged up to 1102.6microg/m(3). Maximum benzo[a]pyrene concentration was 38.2microg/m(3). The internal PAH exposure of workers was much higher compared with that of the general population. Median concentration for 1-hydroxypyrene was 6.4microg/g creatinine (maximum 279.6, 90th percentile 23.9microg/g creatinine) and for the sum of monohydroxyphenanthrene metabolites 13.3microg/g creatinine (maximum 313.4, 90th percentile 70.8microg/g creatinine). The following BMGVs for the non-smokers of this branch of industry are proposed: for 1-hydroxypyrene 18microg/g creatinine and for the sum of hydroxyphenanthrenes 77microg/g creatinine in urine measured at the end of the shift.
Our prospective cohort study of nonsmoking African-American and Dominican mothers and children in New York City is evaluating the role of prenatal exposure to urban pollutants, including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) , environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) , and pesticides, in the pathogenesis of neurobehavioral disorders. We used the Bayley Scales of Infant Development to evaluate the effects on child mental and psychomotor development of prenatal exposure to airborne PAHs monitored during pregnancy by personal air sampling. Behavioral development was assessed by the Child Behavior Checklist. We adjusted for potential confounders including sociodemographic factors and prenatal exposure to ETS and chlorpyrifos. Prenatal exposure to PAHs was not associated with psychomotor development index or behavioral problems. However, high prenatal exposure to PAHs (upper quartile) was associated with lower mental development index at age 3 [beta=-5.69; 95% confidence interval (CI), -9.05 to -2.33; p<0.01]. The odds of cognitive developmental delay were also significantly greater for children with high prenatal exposure (odds ratio=2.89; 95% CI, 1.33 to 6.25; p=0.01). General estimated equation analysis showed a significant age times PAH effect on mental development (p=0.01), confirming the age-specific regression findings. Further adjustment for lead did not alter the relationships. There were no differences in effect sizes by ethnicity. The results require confirmation but suggest that environmental PAHs at levels recently encountered in New York City air may adversely affect children's cognitive development at 3 years of age, with implications for school performance.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are an important class of toxic pollutants released by fossil fuel combustion. Other pollutants include metals and particulate matter. PAH-DNA adducts, or benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) adducts as their proxy, provide a chemical-specific measure of individual biologically effective doses that have been associated with increased risk of cancer and adverse birth outcomes. In the present study we examined the relationship between prenatal PAH exposure and fetal and child growth and development in Tongliang, China, where a seasonally operated coal-fired power plant was the major pollution source. In a cohort of 150 nonsmoking women and their newborns enrolled between 4 March 2002 and 19 June 2002, BaP-DNA adducts were measured in maternal and umbilical cord blood obtained at delivery. The number of gestational months occurring during the period of power plant operation provided a second, more general measure of exposure to plant emissions, in terms of duration. High PAH-DNA adduct levels (above the median of detectable adduct level) were associated with decreased birth head circumference (p=0.057) and reduced children's weight at 18 months, 24 months, and 30 months of age (p<0.05), after controlling for potential confounders. In addition, in separate models, longer duration of prenatal exposure was associated with reduced birth length (p=0.033) and reduced children's height at 18 (p=0.001), 24 (p<0.001), and 30 months of age (p<0.001). The findings suggest that exposure to elevated levels of PAHs, with the Tongliang power plant being a significant source, is associated with reduced fetal and child growth in this population.
A method for the measurement of 24 hydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites (OH-PAHs) in urine has been developed. The method is based on enzymatic deconjugation, automated liquid-liquid extraction, and gas chromatography/isotope dilution high-resolution mass spectrometry after derivatization of the OH-PAHs to the trimethylsilylated derivatives. The metabolites included in the current method are formed from eight different parent compounds. The limits of detection were below 7 pg/mL when using a sample size of 2 mL of urine, except for 1- and 2-naphthols (18 and 12 pg/mL, respectively). The enzymatic deconjugation efficiency, verified by deconjugation of urine samples spiked with alpha-naphthyl beta-d-glucuronide sodium salt (1-NAP-GLU) and pyrene-1-sulfate potassium salt (1-PYR-SULF), was determined to be 97% for 1-NAP-GLU conjugate and 84% for 1-PYR-SULF. The overall coefficients of variance for six batches of quality control samples (n = 42), was 2.9-11%. Mean method recoveries of the 13C-labeled internal standards were 66-72%, except for 13C6-1-naphthol (46%). The throughput of this method has been determined to be 40 samples per day per analyst. This method is currently applied to epidemiological studies, such as the National Exposure and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), to measure human exposure to PAHs.
The study was conducted in a Chinese population with occupational or environmental exposures to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). A total of 106 subjects were recruited from coke-oven workers (workers), residents in a metropolitan area (residents) and suburban gardeners (gardeners). All subjects were monitored twice for their personal exposures to PAHs. The biological samples were collected for measurements of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and cotinine in urine. The geometric means of personal exposure levels of pyrene, benz(a)anthracene (BaA) and benzo(a)pyrene (BaP) in workers were 1.470, 0.978 and 0.805 microg m-3, respectively. The corresponding levels in residents were 0.050, 0.034 and 0.025 microg m-3; and those in gardeners were 0.011, 0.020 and 0.008 microg m-3, respectively. The conjugate of 1-OHP with glucuronide (1-OHP-G) is the predominant form of pyrene metabolite in urine and it showed strong associations with exposures not only to pyrene, but also to BaA, BaP and total PAHs. Most importantly, a significant difference in 1-OHP-G was even detected between the subgroups with exposures to BaP at < 0.010 and > 0.010 but < 0.020 microg m-3, suggesting that 1-OHP-G is a good marker that can be used for the risk assessment of BaP exposure at levels currently encountered in ambient air. Furthermore, multiple regression analyses of 1-OHP-G on PAHs exposure indicated that cigarette smoke was a major confounding factor and should be considered and adjusted for while using 1-OHP to estimate PAHs exposure.
Sugarcane workers in Brazil are exposed to various genotoxic compounds, including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), derived from an incomplete combustion process of burnt sugarcane fields. The effects of the occupational exposure to sugarcane fields burning were measured in urine samples of sugarcane workers from the northwest of the State of São Paulo when exposed (harvesting) and when non-exposed (non-harvesting). The urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and the influence of the genetic polymorphisms CYP1A1, GSTM1, GSTT1 and GSTP1 were evaluated. Our results showed that the 1-OHP levels were significantly higher (P<0.0000) in the exposed sugarcane workers (0.318 mumol mol(-1) creatinine) than in the non-exposed workers (0.035 mumol mol(-1) creatinine). In an unvaried analysis, no influence regarding the polymorphisms was observed. However, multivariate regression analysis showed that the CYP1A1()4 polymorphism in the exposed group, and age and the GSTP1 polymorphism in the non-exposed group significantly influenced urinary 1-OHP excretion levels (P<0.10). The same group of sugarcane workers was significantly more exposed to PAHs during the harvesting period than during the non-harvesting period.
A method is presented for determining monohydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OHPAHs) having 2-, 3- and 4-rings in human urine by using high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection. A urine sample containing conjugates of OHPAHs was hydrolysed in the presence of beta-glucuronidase/aryl sulfatase and the solution was cleaned up with a solid-phase extraction (C(18) and silica). Eight OHPAHs, namely 1- and 2-hydroxynaphthalenes, 2-hydroxyfluorene, 2-, 3- and 4-hydroxyphenanthrenes, 3-hydroxyfluoranthene and 1-hydroxypyrene, were separated and 1- and 9-hydroxyphenanthrenes co-eluted on an alkylamide-type reversed-phase column with fluorimetric detection. The urinary concentrations of OHPAHs were quantified by using deuterated 1-hydoxypyrene as an internal standard. The method showed good repeatability for inter- and intra-day precisions as well as good linearity of calibration curves (r (2) ranged from 0.996 to 0.999). The limits of detection (S/N=3) were in the range from 2.3 fmol to 2.2 pmol per injection. This method was successfully applied to urine samples from non-smoking taxi drivers, traffic policemen and rural villagers of Chiang Mai, Thailand. The results showed higher urinary concentrations of OHPAHs in rural villagers, consistent with higher respiratory exposure to PAHs.
BACKGROUND: Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) has been reported in several industries, including those of the aluminum production, coal gasification, coke production, iron and steel foundries, coal tar and related products, carbon black and carbon electrodes production. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This paper reviews the results from cohort studies conducted on workers exposed to PAHs in these industries, with a focus on cancers of the respiratory and urinary tract. RESULTS: An excess risk from lung/respiratory cancers was found in most industries, the pooled relative risk (RR) being 2.58 (95% CI 2.28-2.92) for coal gasification, 1.58 (95% CI 1.47-1.69) for coke production, 1.40 (95% CI 1.31-1.49) for iron and steel foundries, 1.51 (95% CI 1.28-1.78) for roofers and 1.30 (95% CI 1.06-1.59) for carbon black production. The evidence for cancers of the bladder and of the urinary system is less consistent, with a significant increased risk only for workers in aluminum production (pooled RR = 1.29, 95% CI 1.12-1.49), coal gasification (pooled RR = 2.39, 95% CI 1.36-4.21), and iron and steel foundries (pooled RR = 1.29, 95% CI 1.06-1.57). CONCLUSIONS: Increased risks from lung and bladder cancers were found in PAH-related occupations. These were modest in most industries, apart from those for coal gasification, and whether they are due at least partially to some bias or confounding remains open to discussion. 
The urinary excretion time courses of pyrene-1,6-dione (P16D), pyrene-1,8-dione (P18D) and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) were compared in Sprague-Dawley and Wistar rats. Groups of five male rats, of about 200 g of body weight, were injected intravenously with 0.05, 0.5, 5 and 50 micromol pyrene kg-1 of body weight. Urine was collected at 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 18, 24, 30, 42 and 48 h post-dosing. Pyrene metabolites were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC)/fluorescence after enzymatic hydrolysis of the glucurono- and sulfo-conjugates, extraction on Sep-Pak C18 cartridges and, for the analysis of dione metabolites, derivatization to stable diacetoxypyrene molecules. Over the 48-h sampling period, on average 17.4-25.6% of the injected pyrene was excreted overall as P16D, 6.4-8.8% as P18D and 0.6-0.8% as 1-OHP in the urine of Sprague-Dawley rats. By comparison, on average 10.3-14.7% of the intravenous pyrene dose was recovered as P16D, 4.8-6.4% as P18D and 0.3-0.4% as 1-OHP in the urine of Wistar rats. In both strains of rats there was no clear effect of the dose on the 0-48-h cumulative urinary excretion of P18D and 1-OHP over the entire dose range, while the percentage of dose recovered overall as P16D in urine at the highest dose (50 micromol kg-1) was statistically lower than at the other doses. The 0-48-h cumulative percentage of pyrene dose excreted as metabolites in the urine of Sprague-Dawley rats was also significantly higher than in Wistar rats (p<0.01) exposed under identical conditions. As for the urinary excretion-time courses of the different metabolites, for a given dose and strain of rats, excretion curves of P16D, P18D and 1-OHP generally evolved in parallel. There was also no clear effect of the dose on the excretion rate, thus half-life, of pyrene metabolites, except for P16D in Sprague-Dawley rats at the highest dose where elimination tended to be slower compared with the other doses (p<0.01). The average first-order elimination half-life of P16D, P18D and 1-OHP was 4.0, 5.7 and 4.1 h, respectively, in Sprague-Dawley rats, and 5.1, 6.1 and 5.1 h, respectively, in Wistar rats (all doses combined but excluding the highest dose for P16D). This study showed the relative importance of metabolic pathways leading to diones compared with 1-OHP. These dioxygenated metabolites appear to be interesting biomarkers of pyrene exposure at environmentally and occupationally relevant doses. Their adequacy as biomarkers of human exposure has yet to be confirmed.
OBJECTIVES: Our aim is to analyze the association between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and the temporal change of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP). METHODS: Two personal air samples, eight spot urine samples, and questionnaires were used to collect PAH exposure, urinary 1-OHP, demographic data, and environmental pollutants. RESULTS: Topside-oven workers had significantly higher levels of PAH exposure and 1-OHP than side-oven workers. Urinary 1-OHP was a biomarker for PAH exposure. In topside-oven workers, the trend of 1-OHP increased sharply and reached the top in the sixth day after work and declined dramatically on days off. In side-oven workers, such a trend was not found, and those who smoked showed a slight increase in urinary 1-OHP levels on days off. CONCLUSIONS: We suggest that the pattern of temporal change of urinary 1-OHP levels is different between topside-oven and side-oven workers. 
The efficiency of the glucuronide hydrolysis in the determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene was investigated as a function of the reaction conditions. A significant improvement could be obtained by increasing the enzyme concentration described in the literature.
To investigate the genotoxic effect of marine sediments on aquatic organism, sediment samples were collected from 13 sites along the coast of Gwangyang Bay (Korea). Concentrations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in sediments were determined and the relationship between exposure of flounder blood cells to sediment extracts and DNA single-strand breakage in the blood cells was examined using the comet assay. Levels of DNA damage were proportionally increased by exposure concentration and the highest sediment-associated DNA damage was observed at the station showing the highest PAHs contamination. DNA damage in blood cells exposed to five types of PAHs (benzo[a]pyrene, fluoranthene, anthracene, pyrene and phenanthrene) and in flounder (Paralichthys olivaceus) exposed to benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) for 0, 2 and 4 days were assessed by measuring comet tail length. The tail lengths of five PAHs-exposed groups at 50 and 100 ppb were significantly different from the non-exposed group, and the genotoxic effect of BaP correlated with both concentration and duration of exposure. Throughout the study, significant differences in DNA breakage were recorded between cells exposed to sediment extracts or PAHs and non-exposed control. This study demonstrated the comet assay as a successful tool in monitoring contamination of marine sediments and assessing genotoxicity of PAHs in marine organisms, either in vitro or in vivo.
Multipathway exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and Pyrene (Py) was studied among children ages 7-9 living in two areas of the Campania Region (South-Italy) classified as urban and rural. During five consecutive days PAHs and Py were detected in air samples from outdoors, indoors (school and home), individuals at inhalatory levels, and in food and beverages (defined as food) consumed daily by each child. 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) was detected in children's urine. Gender, weight and height of each subject were recorded, and the personal Body Mass Index (BMI) calculated. The type of home heating, the presence of smokers and the number of cigarettes smoked at home was determined. Total PAH and Py median concentrations in outdoor air from urban areas were 1.70 ng m(-3) and 0.19 ng m(-3), respectively while in rural areas they were 1.10 ng m(-3) and 0.14 ng m(-3). Indoor air total PAH and Py median concentrations were 2.50 ng m(-3) and 0.15 ng m(-3), respectively for urban areas, and 4.10 ng m(-3) and 0.15 ng m(-3) for rural areas. In food the total PAH and Py median levels were 10.44 and 0.81 microg kg(-1) in urban areas and 18.90 and 0.90 microg kg(-1) in rural areas. The median urinary levels of 1-OHP for urban and rural children were 0.07 and 0.06 micromol/mol creat., respectively. From these data, food appears to be the most relevant source of exposure to PAHs and Py. The Py intake from single (food or air) or total (food and air) pathways did not significantly correlate with the urinary 1-OHP excreted daily for each child during all 5 days of observation.
The hypothesis that interindividual differences among smokers in the metabolism of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are related to lung cancer risk has been extensively investigated in the literature. These studies have compared lung cancer risk in groups of smokers with or without polymorphisms in genes involved in PAH metabolism. We believe that carcinogen metabolite phenotyping, involving the actual measurement of PAH metabolites, would be a better way to investigate differences in lung cancer risk. With this goal in mind, we have developed methods for quantifying phenanthrene metabolites in urine. Phenanthrene is the simplest PAH with a bay region, a feature closely associated with carcinogenicity. The urinary metabolite r-1,t-2,3,c-4-tetrahydroxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydrophenanthrene (PheT) is a measure of metabolic activation, whereas phenanthrols (HOPhe) are a measure of detoxification. In this study, we quantified urinary PheT/HOPhe ratios in 346 smokers who were also genotyped for 11 polymorphisms in genes involved in PAH metabolism: CYP1A1MspI, CYP1A1I462V, CYP1B1R48G, CYP1B1A119S, CYP1B1L432V, CYP1B1N453S, EPHX1Y113H, EPHX1H139R, GSTP1I105V, GSTP1A114V, and GSTM1 null. The geometric mean molar PheT/3-HOPhe ratio was 4.08 (95% confidence interval, 3.79-4.39). Ten percent of the smokers had PheT/3-HOPhe ratios of > or =9.90. We found a significant association between the presence of the CYP1A1I462V polymorphism and high PheT/3-HOPhe ratios (P = 0.02). This effect was particularly strong in females and in combination with the GSTM1 null polymorphism. In contrast, the CYP1B1R48G and CYP1B1A119S polymorphisms were associated with significantly lower PheT/3-HOPhe ratios, particularly in Blacks. There were no consistent significant effects of any of the other polymorphisms on PheT/3-HOPhe ratios. The highest 10% of PheT/3-HOPhe ratios could not be predicted by the presence of any of the 11 polymorphisms individually or by certain combinations. The effects of the CYP1A1I462 polymorphism observed here, particularly in combination with GSTM1 null, are quite consistent with reports in the literature. However, the results of this study indicate that genotyping is not an effective way to predict PAH metabolism at least as represented by PheT/HOPhe ratios.
BACKGROUND: Variation in the glutathione S-transferase (GSTP1) gene and occupational polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) exposure are putative prostate cancer risk factors. An Ile/Val polymorphism in codon 105 of GSTP1 affects its enzymatic activity toward PAH detoxification, a possible mechanism in prostate carcinogenesis. METHODS: To determine whether the GSTP1 Ile105Val polymorphism modifies prostate cancer risk associated with occupational PAH exposure, we studied 637 prostate cancer cases and 244 controls of White and African-American race from the Henry Ford Health System in Detroit, Michigan. Occupational exposure to PAH from wood, petroleum, coal or other sources through respiratory and cutaneous routes was retrospectively assessed by expert review of job histories. The association of occupational PAH exposure and GSTP1 Ile105Val polymorphism with prostate cancer was tested in multiple logistic regression models adjusting for potential confounders. Cases were over sampled compared with controls to evaluate gene-environment interaction with the statistically efficient case-only analytic approach. RESULTS: Neither carriage of the GSTP1 Val(105) variant allele nor occupational PAH exposure was significantly associated with prostate cancer. However, case-only analyses revealed that carriage of the GSTP1 Val(105) variant allele was associated with increasing levels of occupational respiratory PAH exposures from any source and from petroleum (trend test p=0.01 for both). The GSTP1 Val(105) allele was observed most frequently in cases in the highest quartile of occupational respiratory PAH exposures from petroleum (OR=1.74; 95% CI=1.11-2.72) or from any source (OR=1.85; 95% CI=1.19-2.89). The gene-environment risk estimate in the highest PAH petroleum exposure quartile was greatest in men under age 60 (OR=4.52; 95% CI=1.96-10.41) or with a positive family history of prostate cancer (OR=3.02; 95% CI=1.15-7.92). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest men who carry the GSTP1 Val(105) variant and are exposed at high levels to occupational PAH have increased risk for prostate cancer. This increased risk is more pronounced in men under age 60 or with a family history of prostate cancer. 
The aim of this study is to assess potential health risk of exposure to particle-associated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in children living in a megacity with traffic congestion such as Bangkok. The study population comprised 184 Thai schoolboys (aged 8-13 years) attending schools adjacent to high-density traffic areas in Bangkok and schools located in the provincial area of Chonburi. The ambient concentration of total PAHs at roadsides in proximity to the Bangkok schools was 30-fold greater than at roadsides in proximity to the provincial schools (30.39 +/- 5.80 versus 1.50 +/- 0.28 ng/m(3); P < 0.001). Benzo(g,h,i)perylene (BghiP), an indicator of automobile exhaust emission, was the predominant PAH. Personal exposure to total PAHs and the corresponding benzo(a)pyrene (BaP) equivalent concentrations in Bangkok schoolchildren were 3.5-fold higher than in provincial schoolchildren (4.13 +/- 0.21 versus 1.18 +/- 0.09 ng/m(3); P < 0.001 and 1.50 +/- 0.12 versus 0.43 +/- 0.05 ng/m(3); P < 0.001, respectively). The concentration of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HOP) was significantly higher in Bangkok schoolchildren. Bulky carcinogen-DNA adduct levels in peripheral lymphocytes were also significantly higher (0.45 +/- 0.03 versus 0.09 +/- 0.00 adducts/10(8) nt; P < 0.001). Finally, a significantly higher level of DNA strand breaks and a significantly lower level of DNA repair capacity were observed in Bangkok schoolchildren (P < 0.001). This study indicates that Bangkok schoolchildren exposed to a high level of genotoxic PAHs in ambient air may be more vulnerable to the health impacts associated with the exposure to genotoxic pollutants than children in provincial areas and may have increased health risks for the development of certain diseases such as cancer.
Tar and nicotine levels have been made to conform to EU standards as of 1 July 2004, but data on tobacco-derived carcinogenic compounds, such as PAH, in Chinese cigarettes are lacking in the literature. Levels of tar, nicotine, carbon monoxide and PAH were measured in 20 cigarette brands purchased in China between 2003 and 2004. Higher nicotine and tar levels were found in Chinese cigarettes than in European brands just 3 months before the above deadline; carcinogenic PAH levels were about 1.5 fold higher than in European cigarettes, but analysed singly, the mean value of benzo(a)pyrene (B(a)P) and dibenzo(a,h)anthracene (DBA), the most potent carcinogenic PAH yields, were 2.4 and 4.4 fold higher, respectively. Tar levels were well correlated with carcinogenic PAH (r = 0.53, P < 0.01), thus providing an easily measurable parameter for ranking various cigarette brands in developing countries where more sophisticated techniques might not be feasible for lack of funds and expertise.
OBJECTIVES: Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitously distributed human mutagens and carcinogens. However, lack of adequate air monitoring data has limited understanding of the effects of airborne PAHs on fetal growth. To address this gap in knowledge, we examined the association between prenatal exposure to airborne PAHs and birth weight, birth length, and birth head circumference, respectively, in Krakow, Poland, and New York City (NYC). METHODS: The parallel prospective cohort studies enrolled nonsmoking, healthy, and nonoccupationally exposed women and their newborns. Personal air monitoring of pregnant women was conducted over 48 hr. To control for maternal environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) exposure, we excluded those with umbilical cord plasma cotinine concentrations > 25 ng/mL. Mean cord plasma cotinine concentrations in both ethnic groups were <or= 0.5 ng/mL. RESULTS: Prenatal PAH exposure was 10-fold higher in Krakow than in NYC. Prenatal PAH exposure was associated with significantly reduced birth weight in both Krakow Caucasians (p < 0.01) and in NYC African Americans (p < 0.01), controlling for known and potential confounders, but not in NYC Dominicans. Within the lower exposure range common to the two cities (1.80-36.47 ng/m3), the effect per unit PAH exposure on birth weight was 6-fold greater for NYC African Americans than for Krakow Caucasians (p = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: These results confirm the adverse reproductive effect of relatively low PAH concentrations in two populations and suggest increased susceptibility of NYC African Americans. Fetal growth impairment has been linked to child developmental and health problems. Thus, substantial health benefits would result from global reduction of PAH emissions. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) differ markedly in their carcinogenic potencies. Differences in transcriptomic responses upon PAH exposures might improve our current understanding of the differences in carcinogenicity, and therefore gene expression modulation by six PAHs in precision-cut rat liver slices was investigated. Gene expression modulation by benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P), dibenzo[a,l]pyrene (DB[a,l]P), benzo[b]fluoranthene (B[b]F), fluoranthene (FA), dibenzo[a,h]anthracene (DB[a,h]A) and 1-methylphenanthrene (1-MPA) was assessed after 6- (B[a]P, DB[a,l]P) and 24-h (all compounds) exposure, using oligonucleotide arrays. DNA-adduct formation was determined using (32)P-post-labelling. The effects of PAHs on gene expression and on DNA-adduct formation were much more pronounced after 24-h exposure than after a 6-h exposure. Each compound induced gene expression changes dose-dependently and gene expression profiles were generally compound-specific. B[a]P, B[b]F and DB[a,h]A displayed comparable gene expression profiles, and so did DB[a,l]P, FA and 1-MPA. Only the carcinogenic PAHs (B[a]P, B[b]F, DB[a,l]P and DB[a,h]A) induced the oxidative stress pathway. DNA-adduct levels were: DB[a,l]P > B[a]P > B[b]F > or = DB[a,h]A > FA > or = 1-MPA. The expression of only a few genes was found to correlate significantly with DNA-adduct formation, carcinogenic potency or Ah-receptor binding capacity (the last two taken from literature). These genes differed between the parameters. Our results indicate that PAHs generally induce a compound-specific response on gene expression and that discrimination of carcinogenic from non-carcinogenic compounds is partly feasible using this approach. Only at a specific pathway level, namely oxidative stress response, PAHs with high and low carcinogenic potency could be discriminated.
To study whether the urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) could be the biomarker of atmospheric PAHs, a small-scale pilot study was carried out on the relation of 1-OHP vs PAHs with the traffic policemen in Beijing of smokers and nonsmokers to be subgroups in both the exposure and control groups. Both the PAHs and 1-OHP were analyzed with high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The ambient concentrations of PAHs were different at the different sites (the average sum of PAHs (TPAH) were 12.36, 16.27, 18.37 ng/m(3) at the suburban residential, police station and high traffic area, respectively.), but considerably lower than the personal-exposure concentrations (the average TPAH were 65.84 and 47.28 ng/m(3) for patrol cars and inspection station, respectively). Pyrene was correlated well with BaP and the summed PAHs (TPAH), with the correlation coefficients (R) of 0.79, 0.87 for ambient level and 0.92, 0.96 for personal exposure, respectively. The average of 1-hydroxypyrene of smokers and nonsmokers were 0.39, 0.15 mumol/mol creatinine in control group and 0.57, 0.33 mumol/mol creatinine in exposure group, respectively. The better correlation of pyrene to BaP and TPAH especially for personal exposure samples indicated that the probability of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, the metabolite of pyrene, to be the biomarker of total PAH. Nonsmokers in the exposure and control groups had indistinguishable levels of 1-OHP, presumably because the ambient levels of pyrene were so similar (the average were 3.25, 3.20 ng/m(3) at the police station and high traffic area, respectively.). Smokers in the control group had significantly higher 1-OHP than that of the nonsmokers, but showed indistinguishable differences in the exposure group. These results suggested that urinary 1-OHP could be a biomarker of PAHs only when the level of PAHs was at a relatively higher level. Smoking as an important influencing factor need to be controlled carefully.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous environmental contaminants, and a number of them are carcinogenic. One approach for measuring exposure to them is to determine the concentrations of metabolites in urine. The pyrene metabolite 1-hydroxypyrene has been used as a biomarker for exposure in numerous studies. However, determination of exposure to several PAHs may be advantageous, since the relative amounts may vary depending upon the exposure source. We developed a liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry method for the determination of phenolic metabolites of naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene, and pyrene in human urine. Following enzymatic cleavage of the glucuronide and sulfate conjugates, the phenolic metabolites are extracted from urine and converted to pentafluorobenzyl ethers. These derivatives greatly enhance the sensitivity of detection by atmospheric pressure chemical ionization in the negative ion mode. Lower limits of quantitation range from 0.01 to 0.5 ng/mL. Stable isotope-labeled internal standards were synthesized or obtained commercially. Data on urinary excretion of several PAH metabolites in urine of smokers and nonsmokers are presented.
A psychoacoustic model is presented to facilitate the installation of acoustic warning devices in noisy settings, reflecting a major upgrade of a former tool, Detectsound. The model can be used to estimate the optimal level and spectrum of acoustic warning signals based on the noise field in the workplace, the hearing status of workers, and the attenuation provided by hearing protectors. The new version can be applied to a wider range of situations. Analyses can now be conducted to meet the functional requirements for a specific worker or to suit the needs for a group of co-workers sharing a work area. Computation of optimal warning signals can also be made from estimated hearing parameters based on the worker age, gender, and level and duration of noise exposure. The results of a laboratory validation study showed that the mean error in estimating detection thresholds for normal hearing individuals is typically within +/-1 dB with a standard deviation of less than 2.5 dB in white noise or continuous noise fields. The model tends to yield slightly overestimated warning signal detection thresholds in fluctuating noises. Proper application of the tool also requires consideration of the variability in estimating noise levels, hearing status, and hearing protector attenuation under field conditions to ensure that acoustic warning signals are sufficiently loud and well adjusted in practice.
To determine the association between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and risk of hepatocellular carcinoma, a case-control study nested within a community-based cohort was conducted in Taiwan. Baseline blood samples, collected from a total of 174 HCC cases and 776 matched controls, were used to determine the level of PAH-albumin adducts by competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Conditional logistic regression analysis was used to calculate odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) to assess the effect of PAH-albumin adducts on risk of HCC. When compared to subjects in the lowest quantile, there was an increase in risk of HCC, with adjusted ORs (95% CI) of 1.0 (0.5-2.0), 1.2 (0.6-2.4) and 2.0 (1.0-4.2: P(trend)=0.08) for subjects in the 2nd, 3rd and 4th quantile, respectively. The corresponding adjusted ORs (95% CI) were 1.9 (0.6-6.1), 1.7 (0.6-4.9) and 2.1 (0.5-8.2; P(trend)=0.22), respectively, among subjects with high AFB(1)-albumin adducts; and 0.8 (0.3-2.7), 1.5 (0.6-3.5) and 2.9 (1.0-8.6; P(trend)=0.06), respectively, for those who were chronically infected with hepatitis B virus (HBV). The combination of PAH- and AFB(1)-albumin adducts above the mean and chronic HBV infection resulted in an OR of 8.2 (95% CI, 3.6-19.0; p<0.0001), compared to those with low adducts and no viral infection. These results demonstrate that PAH-albumin adducts are associated with an increased risk of HCC, especially among those with high aflatoxin exposure and chronic HBV infection. Environmental PAH exposure seems to enhance the hepatocarcinogenicity of chronic HBV infection.
Chromosome aberrations are associated with environmental exposures in infants and children. Recently we reported that prenatal exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) was significantly (P < 0.01) associated with stable aberration frequencies in cord blood from a subset of 60 newborns from the Columbia Center for Children's Environmental Health Prospective Cohort Study (Bocskay K et al. [ 2005]: Cancer Epidemiol Biomarkers Prev 14:506-511). To determine whether the environmental exposures may be targeting specific chromosomes and to compare various methods for measuring chromosome aberrations, we further evaluated this same subset of subjects composed of African-American and Dominican nonsmoking mother-newborn pairs residing in low-income neighborhoods of New York City, and exposed to varying levels of airborne PAHs. Chromosome aberrations were measured in cord blood lymphocytes, both by whole chromosome probe (WCP) fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) and traditional Giemsa-staining. Prenatal exposures were assessed by personal air monitoring. Breaks in chromosomes 1-6, as detected by WCP FISH, were nonrandomly distributed, underscoring the importance of appropriate chromosome probe selection to capture cytogenetic damage in response to exposure. FISH for stable aberrations was found to be a more sensitive method for detecting aberration frequencies associated with environmental exposures, when compared with FISH for unstable aberrations or Giemsa-staining for aberrations. Together, these results suggest that PAHs may be targeting specific chromosomes and highlight the importance of using the more sensitive detection methods to assess risk in populations with low levels of exposure.
Oxygenated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (oxy-PAHs) such as polycyclic aromatic quinones and polycyclic aromatic ketones as well as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are abundant in the atmospheric environment. In this study, mRNA induction of six metabolic enzymes including P4501A1, 1A2, and 1B1, aldo-keto reductase 1C1 (AKR1C1), NAD(P)H-dependent quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1), and glutathione S-transferase M1 (GSTM1) were examined in detail in human hepatoma (HepG2) cells exposed to environmentally relevant 13 PAHs and seven oxy-PAHs. Most PAHs such as benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) showed significant induction of P4501A1 and 1A2 mRNA, while induction by oxy-PAHs such as 5,12-naphthacenequinone (NCQ) and 11H-benzo[b]fluoren-11-one (B[b]FO) occurred less strongly. AKR1C1 mRNA was significantly induced by oxy-PAHs, 11H-benzo[a]fluoren-11-one (B[a]FO), NCQ, cyclopenta[cd]pyren-3(4H)-one (CPPO), and B[b]FO and also by P450s-inducing PAHs such as B[a]P, benzo[k]fluoranthene (B[k]FA), and dibenz[a,h]anthracene (DB[a,h]A). Both chemical-dependent and time-dependent induction patterns of NQO1 mRNA were of the mixed types of P4501A1 and AKR1C1. The tendency for the decrease of GSTM1 mRNA was observed when exposed to PAHs B[a]P and B[k]FA.
Aside from the physical effects of oiling (e.g., hypothermia, dehydration, emaciation), chronic toxicity of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) contamination is an important factor influencing long-term recovery of oiled sea birds following an oil spill. Monitoring PAH exposure can help identify populations at risk from toxic effects of PAHs for further study and/or protection. This is the first studyto quantify PAH and metabolite tissue burdens in sea birds directly oiled following oil spills. PAHs and hydroxylated PAHs were quantified in liver samples from oiled Common Guillemots (Uria aalge) stranded along the East Coast of England using gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy (GC-MS). Mean parent and metabolite PAH concentrations were 0.25+/-0.09 (range 0.04-0.97) and 0.52+/-0.14 (range 0.05-1.48) microg/g (wet wt.), respectively. The main source of PAH exposure was via ingestion of crude oil during preening, resulting in PAH uptake and tissue contamination beyond levels expected from exposure via the food chain. PAH composition corresponded with number of benzene rings in each compound and was typical of contamination from petrogenic sources; pentacyclic < tri- and tetracyclic < tricyclic < dicyclic PAHs. The occurrence of PAH metabolites detected in liver samples also provided evidence of the presence and stereoselectivity of hepatic microsomal CYP1A1 in common guillemots.
Particulate air pollution is significantly elevated during the winter in Christchurch, New Zealand, largely attributable to use of wood burners for domestic home heating, topography, and meteorological conditions. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are a key component of airborne particulate matter (PM) and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) has previously been used to assess exposure of people to PAHs. We examined urinary 1-OHP in Christchurch male non-smoking schoolchildren (12-18 yr) on two occasions after high pollution events (48 and 72 microg PM(10)/m(3) 24-h average) and two occasions during periods of low pollution (19 and 12 microg PM(10)/m(3)). Concentrations of urinary 1-OHP were significantly elevated in the students during high pollution events (median (mean+/-SD) 0.043 (0.051+/-0.032) and 0.042 (0.060+/-0.092) micromol OHP/mol creatinine respectively) compared with low pollution periods (median (mean+/-SD) 0.019 (0.026+/-0.032) and 0.025 (0.028+/-0.018) micromol/mol creatinine respectively). The observed 1-OHP concentrations are at the lower end of those determined in children and non-occupationally exposed adults in international studies and suggest a generally low exposure to PAHs. The increased urinary 1-OHP concentrations following nights of elevated particulate concentrations in ambient air suggest increased exposure to ambient air pollution during winter time, and could potentially be used as a biomarker of exposure in this population.
Consumption of charbroiled red meat and meat-derived polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) has been associated with risk of colorectal adenoma, a precursor of colorectal cancer. Furthermore, leukocyte PAH-DNA adduct levels have been demonstrated to increase in response to charbroiled red meat intake but to date there have been no studies that have investigated the relationship between leukocyte PAH-DNA adduct levels and risk of colorectal adenoma. We investigated the relation of leukocyte PAH-DNA adduct formation and colorectal adenoma in a clinic-based case-control study of colorectal adenomas. The study comprised 82 cases of colorectal adenoma and 111 polyp-free controls, none of whom were current smokers. Leukocyte PAH-DNA adducts were measured by a sensitive chemiluminescence immunoassay using an antiserum elicited against DNA modified with (+/-)-7beta,8alpha-dihydroxy-9alpha,10alpha-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydro-benzo[a]pyrene that recognizes several PAHs bound to human DNA. Leukocyte PAH-DNA adduct levels were higher among colorectal adenoma cases (median, 1.4 adducts per 10(8) nucleotides) than polyp-free controls (median, 1.2 adducts per 10(8) nucleotides) (P = 0.02). There was a positive association between PAH-DNA adduct level and adenoma prevalence: each unit increase in PAH-DNA adduct level (per 10(8) nucleotides) was associated with an odds ratio (OR) of 1.5 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.1-2.2]. In addition, a comparison of the lowest quartile for PAH-DNA adduct level with the highest quartile yielded an OR of 2.8 (95% CI, 1.2-6.5; P(trend) = 0.048) for risk of colorectal adenoma. These data support a link between PAH exposure and colorectal adenoma.
In 2002, 13 years after the Exxon Valdez spill, mussels and clams were examined for lingering oil exposure and damage. Known oil patches were sampled at four locations, and compared to nearby reference areas (same bay), and were also compared to "hot reference" sites to verify the methods used (Cordova harbor and fresh diesel spill at Port Chalmers). Passive samplers deployed for a month at the sites, along with tissue samples, confirmed that the oiled sites were oiled (fingerprinting back to Exxon Valdez oil) and that reference sites were clean. The highest PAH loads were detected in sub-surface interstitial waters at oiled sites. Exposure at the surface was generally low level, and probably intermittent. DNA damage was assessed in blood cells using sensitive comet analyses. DNA strand breakage was detected in both mussels and clams, with the highest level of damage detected at "hot reference" sites of Cordova harbor and Port Chalmers. Bioavailability and DNA damage at the oiled sties was low, indicating there has been substantial progress in recovery from the spill 13 years before, yet low level bioavailability and damage were still detectable.
A useful approach for studies on the mechanisms of genetic variation in cancer susceptibility is to use intermediary biochemical endpoints with mechanistic relevance to the genes under study. We examined the effects of individual genotype at seven metabolic gene loci on a marker of oxidative DNA damage, 8-oxo-7,8-dihydro-2-deoxyguanosine, in people exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) from three Central European cities. The GSTT1 homozygous deletion variant was associated with a significant protective effect for exposure to total PAHs and to eight specific PAHs, although the magnitude and significance of the effect varied among these compounds. Categorical sensitivity analysis was used to determine that the frequency of the GSTT1 deletion was significantly higher in people who proved to be more resistant to the DNA damaging effects of PAH exposure than in people who were the most sensitive. There is a growing literature on the protective effect of GSTT1 deletion in both disease and intermediary endpoints related to environmental carcinogenesis. The mechanism for this effect might be related to specific PAH substrate specificities, or could be related to other functions of GSTT1 gene in oxidative stress induced damage pathways.
OBJECTIVE: Steel mills are known to be a source of ambient polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), and increased cancer risk has been reported among neighborhoods previously. In this study, we tried to assess the exposure to PAHs among residents nearby to a large steel mill in Korea by measuring urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP). METHODS: Two separate areas at different distances from a steel mill but on the same wind direction were chosen to evaluate the environmental exposures to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. Three-hundred and fifty children living in the vicinity of steel plant ("nearby" group) and 606 children residing much farther from the factory ("remote" group) participated. Urine was collected on three consecutive days, and questionnaires about exposure to passive smoking and food consumption as well as demographics were obtained. Routine monitoring data of ambient pollutants were obtained and particulate matter less than 10 microm (PM10) was analyzed with multiple regressions to assess the associations with urinary 1-OHP. RESULTS: The geometric mean concentration of urinary 1-OHP among nearby group (0.048+/-1.878 micromol/mol creatinine, GM+/-GSD) was approximately 1.3 times higher than that among remote group (0.036+/-2.425 micromol/mol creatinine, GM+/-GSD), and using multiple regression techniques, the difference was significant (P<0.0001) after adjusting for confounding variables. When different periods before the sampling of urine were examined, PM10 averages over 2 days, 3 days, and 1 week prior to urine sampling showed significant associations with urinary 1-OHP levels. CONCLUSION: Our findings are consistent with the interpretation that residents nearby to a steel mill are exposed to PAHs through ambient exposures. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine which exposure pathway, dietary or inhalation, contribute more to the exposure to, and/or internal dose of, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) of non-smoking Japanese. METHODS: Duplicated diet, personal air samples and 24-h urine were collected from 14 non-smoking male university students without occupational exposure and the concentrations of PAHs in diet and air and that of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) in urine were measured with HPLC-fluorescence detector. RESULTS: Daily dietary exposure contributed more than 90% of the total (diet + inhalation) daily exposure level for pyrene (diet/inhalation: 757/1.2 ng/day), benzo[k]fluoranthene (25/1.7 ng/day) and benzo[a]pyrene (91/2.1 ng/day). Urinary excretion of 1-OHP (median: 37 ng/day) was statistically significantly correlated only with dietary PAHs exposure level but not with inhalation. CONCLUSION: Countermeasures to lower PAHs levels in atmosphere has been successful in Japan and more attention should be directed to dietary exposure to PAHs for reducing cancer risk in general population. 
Epidemiologic studies indicate that prolonged exposure to particulate air pollution may be associated with increased risk of cardiovascular diseases and cancer in general population. These effects may be attributable to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) adsorbed to respirable air particles. It is expected that metabolic and DNA repair gene polymorphisms may modulate individual susceptibility to PAH exposure. This study investigates relationships between exposure to PAHs, polymorphisms of these genes and DNA adducts in group of occupationally exposed policemen (EXP, N=53, males, aged 22-50 years) working outdoors in the downtown area of Prague and in matched "unexposed" controls (CON, N=52). Personal exposure to eight carcinogenic PAHs (c-PAHs) was evaluated by personal samplers during working shift prior to collection of biological samples. Bulky-aromatic DNA adducts were analyzed in lymphocytes by (32)P-postlabeling assay. Polymorphisms of metabolizing (GSTM1, GSTP1, GSTT1, EPHX1, CYP1A1-MspI) and DNA repair (XRCC1, XPD) genes were determined by PCR-based RFLP assays. As potential modifiers and/or cofounders, urinary cotinine levels were analyzed by radioimmunoassay, plasma levels of vitamins A, C, E and folates by HPLC, cholesterol and triglycerides using commercial kits. During the sampling period ambient particulate air pollution was as follows: PM10 32-55microg/m(3), PM2.5 27-38microg/m(3), c-PAHs 18-22ng/m(3); personal exposure to c-PAHs: 9.7ng/m(3) versus 5.8ng/m(3) (P<0.01) for EXP and CON groups, respectively. The total DNA adduct levels did not significantly differ between EXP and CON groups (0.92+/-0.28adducts/10(8) nucleotides versus 0.82+/-0.23adducts/10(8) nucleotides, P=0.065), whereas the level of the B[a]P-"like" adduct was significantly higher in exposed group (0.122+/-0.036adducts/10(8) nucleotides versus 0.099+/-0.035adducts/10(8) nucleotides, P=0.003). A significant difference in both the total (P<0.05) and the B[a]P-"like" DNA adducts (P<0.01) between smokers and nonsmokers within both groups was observed. A significant positive association between DNA adduct and cotinine levels (r=0.368, P<0.001) and negative association between DNA adduct and vitamin C levels (r=-0.290, P=0.004) was found. The results of multivariate regression analysis showed smoking, vitamin C, polymorphisms of XPD repair gene in exon 23 and GSTM1 gene as significant predictors for total DNA adduct levels. Exposure to ambient air pollution, smoking, and polymorphisms of XPD repair gene in exon 6 were significant predictors for B[a]P-"like" DNA adduct. To sum up, this study suggests that polymorphisms of DNA repair genes involved in nucleotide excision repair may modify aromatic DNA adduct levels and may be useful biomarkers to identify individuals susceptible to DNA damage resulting from c-PAHs exposure.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are common air pollutants generated from incomplete combustion. The inhalation of exhaust fumes in urban areas has been suggested to be an additional contributing factor. This study investigated the influence of urban traffic exposure, personal lifestyle factors and metabolic enzyme polymorphisms on the urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) level, approximating exposure to PAH. With consents, 95 male taxi drivers exposed to vehicle exhaust in traffic and 75 male office employees received health interviews and provided urine samples. The results showed taxi drivers had higher urinary 1-OHP than the office employees (mean +/- standard deviation were 0.17 +/- 0.10 vs. 0.10 +/- 0.07 mol/mol creatinine, p<0.001). The average urinary 1-OHP level increased from 0.07 micromol/mol creatinine for non-smoking office employees to 0.17 micromol/mol creatinine for those who smoked more than 20 cigarettes daily. The values for taxi drivers with similar smoking statuses were 0.12 and 0.25 micromol/mol creatinine, respectively. Among non-smokers, taxi drivers still had higher 1-OHP level than office employees (0.12 +/- 0.05 vs. 0.07 +/- 0.03 micromol/mol creatinine). The subjects with the m1/m2 or m2/m2 genotype of CYP1A1 MspI or GSTM1 deficiency had significantly higher urinary 1-OHP levels than those with other CYP1A1 MspI and GSTM1 genotypes. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that taxi drivers (adjusted odds ratio (OR)=5.1, 95% confidence interval (CI)=1.1-13.6), smokers (OR=5.5, 95% CI=1.6-18.4) and subjects with the m1/m2 or m2/m2 genotype of CYP1A1 MspI (OR=9.7, 95% CI=2.7-35.0) had elevated urinary 1-OHP (greater than the overall median value, 0.11 micromol/mol creatinine). The results of this study suggest smoking contributes to the elevated urinary 1-OHP levels in taxi drivers in addition to taxi driving, and the excess level contributed from traffic exhaust and smoke was regulated by the CYP1A1 MspI genotype. Traffic exhaust exposure, smoking and CYP1A1 MspI genotype contributed to the variation in levels of urinary 1-OHP excretion.
Incineration workers are exposed to various pyrolysis products of organic materials, heavy metals and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). In this study, the exposure of incineration workers to PAHs was evaluated by measuring urinary metabolites of pyrene and naphthalene. The concentrations of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1OHP), a metabolite of pyrene, and 2-naphthol (2NP), a metabolite of naphthalene, were measured among 100 workers in 4 different types of incinerators, both before and after their work shifts. These incinerators were two old types, one modern type and one outdoors. The medians of urinary 1OHP of before and after the work shifts obtained from all workers were 0.067 and 0.044 mug/gCr, respectively; and the medians of urinary 2NP were 7.5 and 10.0 mug/gCr, respectively. A significant increase of 2NP after the work shift was found at one old incinerator. A significant decrease of metabolites was found at the other old incinerator. Significant correlations were found between urinary metabolites and cigarettes smoked per day. The effect of smoking on urinary metabolite levels was also important. Significant correlations were found between urinary 1OHP and 2NP levels in all workers. In multiple regression analysis smoking habit and incinerator type were found as significant factors. The improvement of the work environment, through decreasing exposure to both tobacco smoke and hazardous work shift-related substances, should be an occupational health aim.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) appear to be significant contributors to the genotoxicity and carcinogenicity of air pollution present in the urban environment for humans. Populations exposed to environmental air pollution show increased levels of PAH DNA adducts and it has been postulated that another contributing cause of carcinogenicity by environmental air pollution may be the production of reactive oxygen species following oxidative stress leading to oxidative DNA damage. The antioxidant status as well as the genetic profile of an individual should in theory govern the amount of protection afforded against the deleterious effects associated with exposure to environmental air pollution. In this study we investigated the formation of total PAH (bulky) and B[a]P DNA adducts following exposure of individuals to environmental air pollution in three metropolitan cities and the effect on endogenously derived oxidative DNA damage. Furthermore, the influence of antioxidant status (vitamin levels) and genetic susceptibility of individuals with regard to DNA damage was also investigated. There was no significant correlation for individuals between the levels of vitamin A, vitamin E, vitamin C and folate with M(1)dG and 8-oxodG adducts as well as M(1)dG adducts with total PAH (bulky) or B[a]P DNA adducts. The interesting finding from this study was the significant negative correlation between the level of 8-oxodG adducts and the level of total PAH (bulky) and B[a]P DNA adducts implying that the repair of oxidative DNA damage may be enhanced. This correlation was most significant for those individuals that were non smokers or those unexposed to environmental air pollution. Furthermore the significant inverse correlation between 8-oxodG and B[a]P DNA adducts was confined to individuals carrying the wild type genotype for both the GSTM1 and the GSTT1 gene (separately and interacting). This effect was not observed for individuals carrying the null variant.
OBJECTIVES: This study was conducted to assess external and internal exposure of workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). In this context, the analytical and diagnostical reliability of 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene (3OH-BaP) as a biomarker of internal exposure to PAHs was established. METHODS: Ambient and biological monitoring was carried out of 225 PAH-exposed employees of different industries. External exposure was determined by personal air sampling and analysis of 16 EPA-PAH. Internal exposure was examined by the urinary metabolites 3OH-BaP, 1-hydroxypyrene (OH-Pyr) and monohydroxylated phenanthrenes (OH-Phens). RESULTS: Benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) was detected at all workplaces. Concentrations in the breathing zone of the workers ranged from below the limit of detection up to 44.3 mug/m(3). In biological monitoring, urinary 3OH-BaP was found in median concentrations of 0.8 ng/g creatinine (crea) and the 95th percentile of 6.7 ng/g crea. The results ranged from the limit of detection up to 19.5 ng/g crea. Only 1% of the analysed samples showed concentrations below the limit of detection (0.05 ng/l). Regarding median concentrations, workers in coking plants showed lower 3OH-BaP concentrations (0.5 ng/g crea) than those employed in the production of fireproof material in refractories (1.1 ng/g crea), converter infeed (1.2 ng/g crea) and graphite electrode production (1.3 ng/g crea). Strong correlations of 3OH-BaP with OH-Pyr and the sum of OH-Phens were found for the workplaces converter infeed, coking plants and graphite electrode production (r(Pearson) ranging from 0.618 to 0.867, p<0.001). The poor correlation of BaP in the air and 3OH-BaP in urine is most probably caused by routes of uptake other than via air-for example, dermal uptake. CONCLUSION: 3OH-BaP as a metabolite of the carcinogenic BaP could be shown to be a diagnostically specific and sensitive biomarker for determining the internal exposure of workers in different industries. Using this method, the estimation of health risks for workers can be fundamentally improved, because the 3OH-BaP represents the group of carcinogenic PAHs. The procedure for analysing 3OH-BaP is complex, but it is robust and produces reliable results. 
BACKGROUND: Fumes and vapours released during laying of hot asphalt mix have been recognised as a major source of exposure for asphalt workers. OBJECTIVES: We investigated the relationships between inhalation exposure to asphalt emissions and urinary biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in asphalt workers (AW, n=75) and in ground construction workers (CW, n=37). METHODS: Total polyaromatic compounds (PAC) and 15 priority PAHs in inhaled air were measured by personal sampling. Hydroxylated PAH metabolites (OH-PAHs) (2-naphthol, 2-hydroxyfluorene, 3-hydroxyphenanthrene, 1-hydroxypyrene, 6-hydroxychrysene and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene) were determined in urine spot samples collected in three different times during the work week. RESULTS: Median vapour-phase PAC (5.5 microg m(-3)), PAHs (<or=50 ng m(-3)) and OH-PAHs (0.08-1.11 microg l(-1)) were significantly higher in AW than in CW, except in the cases of air naphthalene and 2-naphthol. Airborne levels of particle-phase contaminants were similar in the two groups and much lower than vapour-phase levels; metabolites of particulate PAHs were never found in quantifiable amounts. An appreciable increase in OH-PAH levels during the work day and work week was found in AW; median levels for 2-hydroxyfluorene, 3-hydroxyphenanthrene and 1-hydroxypyrene were, respectively, 0.29, 0.08 and 0.18 at baseline; 0.50, 0.18 and 0.29, pre-shift; 1.11, 0.44 and 0.44 microg l(-1), post-shift. Each OH-PAH exhibited a characteristic profile of increase, reflecting differences in half-lives of the parent compounds. In non-smoking subjects, positive correlations were found between vapour-phase PAC or PAHs and OH-PAHs both in pre- and post-shift samples (0.34 <or= r<or=69). Smokers exhibited 2-5-fold higher OH-PAHs than non-smokers, at any time and at both workplaces. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that OH-PAHs are useful biomarkers for monitoring exposure to asphalt emissions. The work-related exposure to PAC and PAHs was low in all AW, but urinary metabolites reflected exposure satisfactorily. 
The aim of this study was to investigate a possible influence of occupational exposure to carcinogenic environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (c-PAHs) on cellular susceptibility to the induction of the DNA damage. Monitoring was performed and blood samples were collected from two groups of male subjects: occupationally exposed and matched controls. The group exposed to c-PAHs (average age of 35.1 years) consisted of 52 policemen from Kosice and 26 policemen and 25 bus drivers (51 altogether) from Sofia. The control group (average age of 36.4 years) consisted of 54 unexposed subjects from Kosice and 24 from Sofia. In the investigated groups 52.5% of exposed subjects and 45.3% of control were current smokers. A challenging dose of X-rays (3Gy) and an alkaline version of the single cell gel electrophoresis (SCGE) assay, known as Comet assay, were used to evaluate levels of induced DNA damage and repair kinetics in isolated human blood lymphocytes. DNA damage detected in lymphocytes prior to or after irradiation did not differ significantly between exposed and unexposed subjects. A significant decrease in repair efficiency due to exposure to PAHs was observed in the exposed individuals from Kosice and Sofia, when analysed separately or together. A negative influence of tobacco smoking on the efficiency of DNA repair was observed. Statistically significant differences were found between subgroups stratified according to education level in Sofia: the half times for DNA repair declined with the increasing level of education. These results confirm that environmental exposure to c-PAHs can alter the ability of blood lymphocytes to repair DNA damage and, as a result could potentially lead to effects that are hazardous to human health.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) exposure, may be influenced by metabolic gene polymorphisms. Such knowledge could benefit us in understanding the inter-individual difference in the mechanism of PAHs-induced carcinogenesis. We investigated the influence of gene polymorphisms on urinary 1-OHP concentrations in 447 coke oven workers from two coking plants in south China. After adjustment for age, plant, level of occupational exposure, body mass index, level of education, alcohol consumption, cigarette smoking and respirator usage, AhR R554K (rs2066853), UGT1A1 -3263T>G (rs4124874) and GSTP1 I105V (rs1695) were associated with urinary 1-OHP excretion with the p-value of 0.053, 0.006 and 0.021, respectively. The concentrations of urinary 1-OHP (Geometric mean, micromol/mol creatinine) in the homozygous major variant carriers and homozygous minor variant carriers for AhR R554K, UGT1A1 -3263T>G and GSTP1 I105V were listed as follows: 4.20 and 5.12, 5.11 and 3.92, 4.93 and 2.91, respectively. GSTT1 present carriers had a significantly higher urinary 1-OHP level than that in null carriers in the case with AhR R554K GA/AA carriers (5.17 vs. 3.64 micromol/mol creatinine, p=0.038), as well as in the case with UGT1A1 -3263T>G TG/GG carriers (5.67 vs. 3.38 micromol/mol creatinine, p=0.001). These results showed that AhR, UGT1A1, GSTP1 and GSTT1 polymorphisms were associated with urinary 1-OHP concentrations in Chinese coke oven workers. No influence was found in the association between urinary 1-OHP and other genetic polymorphisms such as CYP1A1, CYP1A2, CYP1B1, CYP2E1, EPHX1, EPHX2 in this population.
The primary objective of this study was to identify significant determinants of dermal exposure to polycyclic aromatic compounds (PACs) among asphalt roofing workers and use urinary 1-hydroxyprene (1-OHP) measurements to evaluate the effect of dermal exposure on total absorbed dose. The study population included 26 asphalt roofing workers who performed three primary tasks: tearing off old roofs (tear-off), putting down new roofs (put-down), and operating the kettle at ground level (kettle). During multiple consecutive work shifts (90 workerdays), dermal patch samples were collected from the underside of each worker's wrists and were analyzed for PACs, pyrene, and benzo(a)pyrene (BAP). During the same work week, urine samples were collected at pre-shift, post-shift, and bedtime each day and were analyzed for 1-OHP (205 urine samples). Linear mixed effects models were used to evaluate the dermal measurements for the purpose of identifying important determinants of exposure, and to evaluate urinary 1-OHP measurements for the purpose of identifying important determinants of total absorbed dose. Dermal exposures to PAC, pyrene, and BAP were found to vary significantly by roofing task (tear-off > put-down > kettle) and by the presence of an old coal tar pitch roof (pitch > no pitch). For each of the three analytes, the adjusted mean dermal exposures associated with tear-off (812 ng PAC/cm2, 14.9 ng pyrene/cm2, 4.5 ng BAP/cm2) were approximately four times higher than exposures associated with operating the kettle (181 ng PAC/cm2, 4.1 ng pyrene/cm2, 1.1 ng BAP/cm2). Exposure to coal tar pitch was associated with a 6-fold increase in PAC exposure (p = 0.0005), an 8-fold increase in pyrene exposure (p < 0.0001), and a 35-fold increase in BAP exposure (p < 0.0001). Similarly, urinary 1-OHP levels were found to be significantly higher on days when an old pitch roof was removed, accounting for a 3.7-fold difference at pre-shift (p = 0.01), a 5.0-fold difference at post-shift (p = 0.004), and a 7.2-fold difference at bedtime (p = 0.002). The pyrene measurements obtained during the work shift were found to be strongly correlated with urinary 1-OHP measurements obtained at the end of that shift (r = 0.8, p < 0.001) as well as at bedtime (r = 0.7, p < 0.001). Ultimately, the results of a distributed lag model indicated that dermal exposure during the preceding 40 hours had a statistically significant effect on urinary 1-OHP. The presence of coal tar pitch was the primary determinant of dermal exposure, particularly for exposure to BAP. However, the task-based differences that were observed while controlling for pitch suggest that exposure to asphalt also contributes to dermal exposures. We found that dermal exposure was a significant determinant of total absorbed dose, suggesting that control strategies aimed at reducing occupational exposure to PACs should include an effort to minimize dermal exposure.
The aim of this study was to establish the transfer of phenanthrene, pyrene, and benzo[a]pyrene and their major hydroxylated metabolites to milk and to urine after a single oral administration (100 mg per animal of each compound) in 4 lactating goats. Detection and identification of the analytes (native compounds, 1-OH pyrene, 3-OH phenanthrene, 3-OH benzo[a]pyrene) were achieved using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Benzo[a]pyrene, phenanthrene, and pyrene were rapidly detected in the plasma stream, whereas 1-OH pyrene and 3-OH phenanthrene appeared later in plasma. These data suggest that pyrene and phenanthrene are progressively metabolized within the organism. Recovery rates of pyrene and phenanthrene in milk over a 24-h period appeared to be very low (0.014 and 0.006%, respectively), whereas the transfer rates of their corresponding metabolites were significantly higher: 0.44% for 1-OH pyrene and 0.073% for 3-OH phenanthrene. Recovery rates in urine were found to be higher (1 to 10 times) than recovery rates in milk. The 1-OH pyrene was found to be the main metabolite in urine as well as in milk. Thus, as has been established for humans, 1-OH pyrene could be considered as a marker of ruminant exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. Because 1-OH pyrene and 3-OH phenanthrene were measured in milk (unlike their corresponding native molecules), metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons should be taken into consideration when evaluating the safety of milk. Benzo[a]pyrene and 3-OH benzo[a]pyrene were (less than 0.005%) transferred to milk and urine in very slight amounts. This very limited transfer rate of both compounds suggests a low risk of exposure by humans to benzo[a]pyrene or its major metabolite from milk or milk products.
A novel derivatization method employing 1,2-dimethylimidazole-4-sulfonyl chloride (DMISC) to improve the mass spectrometric response for phenolic compounds in liquid chromatography electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (LC-ESI-MS) and tandem mass spectrometry (LC-ESI-MS/MS) is described. Several environmentally relevant compounds, including chloro-, aryl- and alkylphenols, steroidal estrogens, and hydroxy-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OHPAHs), were selected to evaluate this technique. A facile derivatization procedure employing DMISC results in dimethylimidazolesulfonyl (DMIS) derivatives that are stable in aqueous solution. These DMIS derivatives produced intense [M+H](+) ions in positive-ion LC-ESI-MS. The product ion spectra of the [M+H](+) ions of simple phenols were dominated by ions representing the DMIS and dimethylimidazole moieties, whereas product ion spectra of the DMIS derivatives of OHPAHs with three or more fused aromatic rings showed prominent ArO(+) ions, the relative intensity of which increased with the number of rings. The DMIS derivatives of the selected phenolic compounds showed excellent chromatographic properties. To substantiate the utility of derivatization with DMISC, an analytical method employing enzyme hydrolysis, solid phase extraction, derivatization with DMISC, and analysis by LC-ESI-MS/MS with multiple reaction monitoring for determination in human urine of 1-hydroxypyrene, a widely used biomarker for the assessment of human exposure to PAHs, was developed and validated.
The synthesis of the C(8)-aryl adducts of adenine and guanine formed by reaction of the radical cation metabolites of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), such as benzo[a]pyrene (BP) and dibenzo[def,p]chrysene (DBC), with DNA is reported. The synthetic approach involves in the key step direct reaction of a PAH aldehyde with a di- or triamine precursor of a purine. The method is operationally simple, affords good yields of adducts, and is broad in its scope. The C(8)-aryl adducts of adenine and guanine derived from BP (6-BP-8-Ade and 6-BP-8-Gua) and DBC (10-DBC-8-Ade and 10-DBC-8-Gua) were synthesized in good yields by this method. Analogous C(8)-aryl adenine and guanine derivatives of other PAHs (anthracene, benz[a]anthracene, and chrysene) were also readily prepared via this approach. This method of synthesis is superior to the only method that is currently available. It entails direct reaction of short-lived PAH radical cations (generated electrochemically or chemically) with 2'-deoxyribonucleosides or the corresponding purine bases. It provides the adducts in low yields accompanied by complex mixtures of secondary products. An alternative synthesis that involves Pd-catalyzed Suzuki-Miyaura coupling of arylboronic acids with 8-bromopurine nucleosides was also investigated. Although the C(8)-purine adducts of PAHs, such as naphthalene, phenanthrene, pyrene, and chrysene, could be prepared by this method, analogous adducts of carcinogenic PAHs and other structurally related PAHs, e.g., anthracene, benz[a]anthracene, benzo[a]pyrene, and dibenzo[def,p]chrysene, could not be obtained. This difference was shown to be a consequence of the facility of competing hydrolytic deboronation of the corresponding arylboronic acids.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are one of the most important and carcinogenic components in diesel exhaust (DE). Therefore, ambient PAHs concentrations were measured and characterized for work areas in a locomotive engine inspection plant. Pre- and post-shift urine samples and concurrent air samples were collected on 17 workers to measure the concentration of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), a metabolite of pyrene. Increased urinary 1-OHP concentrations were observed over at least three consecutive sampling days. The biological kinetics of pyrene metabolism was studied with a one-compartment pharmokinetic model. The conversion rate and elimination rate of 1-OHP were estimated using nonlinear mixed-effects model, and validated with multiple nonlinear regression models by assessing the pattern of elimination rates of each worker separately. Urinary 1-OHP was confirmed to be a sensitive marker of PAHs exposure with mean half-life of 29 h in this population of Chinese workers. The study results would be beneficial to future occupational and environmental studies of PAH exposure.
DNA adducts in gills and digestive gland, as well as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) tissue levels were analysed in blue mussels (Mytilus spp.) from Nordic coastal areas (Iceland, Norway and Sweden) with diffuse or point sources of PAHs of various origins. Both DNA adduct and PAH tissue levels were generally low, indicating low PAH exposure to the mussels in the areas studied. DNA adducts were found to be higher in gills than in digestive gland of the mussels at all sites studied. Elevated DNA adduct levels in gills were found at 6 sites out of 18 compared to reference sites in respective coastal zones. Adduct levels ranged from 0.5 to 10 nmol adducts/mol normal nucleotides, being highest in mussels from Reykjavík harbour, Iceland (intertidal mussels), and from Fiskaatangen, Norway (subtidal mussels). Total PAH tissue levels in the mussels ranged between 40 and 11,670 ng/g dry wt., and were significantly correlated with DNA adduct levels (r(2)=0.73, p<0.001). PAH ratio values indicated that the PAHs were in most cases of pyrolytic origin, but with petrogenic input near harbours and an oil refinery.
Many host factors or biomarkers are involved in the process of early DNA damage induced by occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) as seen in coke-oven workers. This paper aimed to identify complicated causal interrelationship of various biomarkers using the path analysis. In this analysis, we included 235 subjects (166 coke-oven workers and 69 nonexposed controls) whose data on the comet assay (e.g., Olive tail moment) and cytogenetic analysis of peripheral blood lymphocytes as well as urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) were available. The path analysis showed that coke-oven exposure and tobacco smoke were both significant predictors of the concentrations of urinary 1-OHP (P < 0.05), with a coefficient of determination of 0.75. The factors having significant influence on the Olive tail moment were in the following order: urinary 1-OHP > XRCC1-exon 9 variant genotype > ERCC2-exon 10 variant genotype > XRCC1-exon 6 variant genotype, with a coefficient of determination of 0.22. The variables of relative importance in influencing on cytokinesis-block micronucleus frequencies were in the following order: coke-oven exposure > urinary 1-OHP > age > mEH3 variant genotype > ERCC2-exon 10 variant genotype > XRCC1-exon 6 variant genotype, with a coefficient of determination of 0.27. These results indicated that exogenous agents, especially the coke-oven exposure, played a more important role than the genotypes in the induction of early genetic damage. In conclusion, the path analysis seemed to be an alternative statistical approach for the ascertainment of complicated association among related biomarkers for the assessment of occupational exposure.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts may induce mutations that contribute to carcinogenesis. We evaluated potential associations between smoking and polymorphisms in PAH metabolism [CYP1A1 Ile 462Val, CYP1B1 Ala 119Ser and Leu 432Val, microsomal epoxide hydrolase (mEH) Tyr 113His and His139Arg, CYP3A4 A(-392)G] and conjugation [glutathione S-transferase (GST) M1 null deletion, GSTP1 Ile 105Val] genes and PAH-DNA adduct levels (measured by immunohistochemistry) in tumor and nontumor prostate cells in 400 prostate cancer cases. Although no statistically significant associations were observed in the total sample, stratification by ethnicity revealed that Caucasian ever smokers compared with nonsmokers had higher adduct levels in tumor cells (mean staining intensity in absorbance units +/- SE, 0.1748 +/- 0.0052 versus 0.1507 +/- 0.0070; P = 0.006), and Caucasians carrying two mEH 139Arg compared with two 139His alleles had lower adducts in tumor (0.1320 +/- 0.0129 versus 0.1714 +/- 0.0059; P = 0.006) and nontumor (0.1856 +/- 0.0184 versus 0.2291 +/- 0.0085; P = 0.03) cells. African Americans with two CYP1B1 432Val compared with two 432Ile alleles had lower adducts in tumor cells (0.1600 +/- 0.0060 versus 0.1970 +/- 0.0153; P = 0.03). After adjusting for smoking status, carrying the putative "high-risk" genotype combination, the faster metabolism of PAH-epoxides to PAH-diol-epoxides (CYP1B1 432Val/Val and mEH 139Arg/Arg) with lower PAH-diol-epoxide conjugation (GSTP1 (105)Ile/Ile), was associated with increased adducts only in Caucasian nontumor cells (0.2363 +/- 0.0132 versus 0.1920 +/- 0.0157; P= 0.05). We present evidence, for the first time in human prostate that the association between smoking and PAH-DNA adducts differs by race and is modified by common genetic variants.
OBJECTIVES: The aim of our study was to assess individual polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure of workers coming from three different industrial branches by several parameters of external and internal exposure. By analysing the relationships between those markers the suitability of individual parameters [e.g. monohydroxylated phenanthrene (Phe) metabolites] for exposure surveillance should be evaluated. METHODS: The total study population consisted of 255 male workers (age: 19-62, mean: 39.61 years), who were employed in coke production (n=40), production of graphite electrodes and special carbon products (92), or production of refractory materials (123), respectively. For each worker external PAH exposure was determined by personal air sampling of 16 PAH, including Phe, pyrene (Pyr) and benzo[a]pyrene (BaP). For determination of internal PAH exposure the excretion of the PAH metabolites 1-, 2 + 9-, 3-, 4-hydroxyphenanthrene and 1-hydroxypyrene was measured in post-shift urine samples of all workers. RESULTS: In the total study population median total PAH exposure and exposure to BaP were 30.62 and 0.27 microg/m(3), respectively. A calculation of PAH profiles resulted in substantial branch-related variations with Phe being a major component. Considering all branches the median excretions of 1-hydroxypyrene and hydroxyphenanthrenes (sum) were 6.68 and 11.22 microg/g creatinine. A correlation analysis yielded a good correlation between total ambient PAH exposure and excretion of hydroxyphenanthrenes in urine (r=0.662; P<0.01), but no significant correlation between Phe metabolites and the carcinogenic BaP. For 1-hydroxypyrene and BaP a weak but significant association was found (r=0.235; P<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Considering the results of the correlation analysis hydroxyphenanthrenes in urine should reflect an uptake of lowly condensed volatile PAH rather than an incorporation of highly condensed PAH like BaP which should be reflected better by 1-hydroxypyrene. Therefore, the determination of hydroxyphenanthrenes in addition to the well-established marker 1-hydroxypyrene could offer some further information about the exposure situation at a particular work place. 
This study aimed to clarify the variation of urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene, which is a major metabolite of pyrene, in relation to lifestyle, including factors such as diet and smoking. The study subjects were 251 workers (male: 196, female: 55, mean age: 44.3) who were not occupationally exposed to PAHs. Urine specimens were collected from 8:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. and their 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations were determined by HPLC. A questionnaire was distributed in order to learn gross aspects of the subjects' lifestyles, i.e., smoking, alcohol consumption, coffee/black tea intake, and dietary habits. Multiple linear regression analysis revealed that cigarette consumption most strongly affected the 1-hydroxypyrene level in urine, followed by dietary balance. The urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations of smokers were about 2 times higher than those of non-smokers. Subjects who ate more meat and/or fish excreted 1.5-2 times more 1-hydroxypyrene in urine than those who ate more vegetables.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) is a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) exposure. We examined urinary 1-OHP concentrations in 328 non-occupational exposed health subjects (108 females and 220 males). Each subject was questionnaired for the information of cigarette smoking and the habit of cooking practice including the cooking frequency in the kitchen (times per week), range hood opened for cooking, and fuel used for cooking. Concentrations of urinary 1-OHP (geometric mean, mumol/mol creatinine) were significantly higher in females than in males (0.50 versus 0.34, P<0.001). Cooking frequency in the kitchen had significant influence on the urinary 1-OHP concentrations in females. In females who did cooking practice in the kitchen, the urinary 1-OHP excretions were significantly higher in those who did not install the range hood compared to those who always opened the hood when cooking (0.75 versus 0.42, P=0.020). In males, cooking frequency in the kitchen and cigarette smoking were interacted on urinary 1-OHP levels. Those results imply that it is necessary for females with higher frequency of cooking and males with heavy smoking habits to improve their cooking conditions in order to reduce the risks of getting diseases including cancer.
Among women infected with carcinogenic human papillomavirus (HPV), there is a two- to five-fold increased risk of cervical precancer and cancer in women who smoke compared to those who do not smoke. Because tobacco smoke contains carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), it was of interest to examine human cervical tissue for PAH-DNA adduct formation. Here, we measured PAH-DNA adduct formation in cervical biopsies collected in follow-up among women who tested positive for carcinogenic HPV at baseline. A semi-quantitative immunohistochemistry (IHC) method using antiserum elicited against DNA modified with r7,t8-dihydroxy-t-9,10-oxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (BPDE) was used to measure nuclear PAH-DNA adduct formation. Cultured human cervical keratinocytes exposed to 0, 0.153, or 0.331microM BPDE showed dose-dependent increases in r7,t8,t9-trihydroxy-c-10-(N(2)deoxyguanosyl)-7,8,9,10-tetrahydro-benzo[a]pyrene (BPdG) adducts. For BPdG adduct analysis, paraffin-embedded keratinocytes were stained by IHC with analysis of nuclear color intensity by Automated Cellular Imaging System (ACIS) and, in parallel cultures, extracted DNA was assayed by quantitative BPDE-DNA chemiluminescence immunoassay (CIA). For paraffin-embedded samples from carcinogenic HPV-infected women, normal-appearing cervical squamous epithelium suitable for scoring was found in samples from 75 of the 114 individuals, including 29 cases of cervical precancer or cancer and 46 controls. With a lower limit of detection of 20 adducts/10(8) nucleotides, detectable PAH-DNA adduct values ranged from 25 to 191/10(8) nucleotides, with a median of 75/10(8) nucleotides. PAH-DNA adduct values above 150/10(8) nucleotides were found in eight samples, and in three samples adducts were non-detectable. There was no correlation between PAH-DNA adduct formation and either smoking or case status. Therefore, PAH-DNA adduct formation as measured by this methodology did not appear related to the increased risk of cervical precancer and cancer among carcinogenic HPV-infected smokers.
The capital city of Prague is one of the most polluted localities of the Czech Republic. The effect of exposure to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (c-PAHs) adsorbed onto respirable air particles (<2.5 microm) on chromosomal aberrations was studied in a group of city policemen (street patrol, aged 34+/-8 years) working in the downtown area of Prague and spending daily >8h outdoors (N=61) in months of January and March 2004. Ambient air particles (PM10, PM2.5) and c-PAHs were monitored using Versatile Air Pollution Sampler (VAPS), and personal exposure was evaluated using personal samplers during working shift. Chromosomal aberrations were analyzed by fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH) and conventional cytogenetic analysis. Urinary cotinine, plasma levels of vitamins A, E and C, folate, total cholesterol, HDL, LDL cholesterols and triglycerides were also analyzed as possible effect modifiers. During the sampling period the particulate air pollution monitored by VAPS was in January versus March as follows: PM10 55.6 microg/m3 versus 36.4 microg/m3, PM2.5 44.4 microg/m3 versus 24.8 microg/m3, c-PAHs 19.7 ng/m3 versus 3.6 ng/m3, and B[a]P 4.3 ng/m3 versus 0.8 ng/m3. Significant differences were observed for all FISH endpoints studied for the sampling in January and March (%AB.C.=0.27+/-0.18 versus 0.16+/-0.17, p<0.001, F(G)/100=1.32+/-1.07 versus 0.85+/-0.95, p<0.01, AB/1000 (aberrations/1000 cells)=4.27+/-3.09 versus 2.59+/-2.79, p<0.001) while conventional cytogenetic analysis did not reveal any differences in the frequency of chromosomal aberrations. Factors associated with an increased level of translocations by FISH indicated the effect of age, cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and vitamin C. We may conclude that FISH indicates that the city policemen in Prague represent a group of increased genotoxic risk. This is the first study reporting that translocations induced by c-PAHs in peripheral lymphocytes last only several weeks.
BACKGROUND: p53 participates in cell cycle control, programmed cell death/apoptosis, and DNA repair, all pathways involved in carcinogenesis. TP53 variants may influence p53 function. OBJECTIVES: We evaluated whether three well-characterized TP53 variants -- Ex4 + 119 C > G (rs#1042522, Arg72Pro), IVS6 + 62 A > G (rs#1625895), and an IVS3 16 bp insertion/ deletion (INDEL; rs#17878362) -- were associated with breast cancer risk in a population-based case-control study. METHODS: Genotypes and haplotypes were determined using long-range PCR in a sample of 578 cases and 390 controls. RESULTS: For the Ex4 + 19 C > G SNP (rs1042522), women with the heterozygous genotype (G/C) had a 32% increase in breast cancer risk. Other variants were not associated with risk. We further examined whether these associations were modified by cigarette smoking status and detection of PAH-DNA adducts in circulating lymphocytes. Among current smokers, each copy of the minor alleles for the IVS6 + 62 A > G SNP (rs1625895) and the IVS3 INDEL polymorphism (rs17878362) was associated with lower breast cancer risk (OR = 0.49, 95% CI 0.27-0.90; OR = 0.42, 95% CI 0.22-0.78, respectively). However, among former smokers, the homozygous variant genotype for these 2 SNPs was observed among cases (4.1 and 3.2%, respectively) and not controls. Genotype associations were not modified by the presence or absence of DNA adducts in circulating lymphocytes. Three-loci haplotypes were not significantly associated with breast cancer risk. CONCLUSIONS: These results should be confirmed in larger studies, but suggest that cigarette smoking may influence breast cancer risk through interaction with p53. 
CYP1A1, a cytochrome P450 enzyme, metabolizes polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons to genotoxic metabolite(s) that bind to DNA and initiate carcinogenesis. RT-PCR amplification of the complete open reading frame of CYP1A1 generated an amplicon of 1593 bp having deletion of 87 bp of exon-6 that translated into functional P450 enzyme. Unlike wild type CYP1A1, exon 6 del CYP1A1 did not metabolize polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons such as, benzo(a)pyrene to genotoxic, ultimate carcinogens that form DNA adducts. Exon 6 del CYP1A1 metabolized ethoxyresorufin (the classical substrate for CYP1A1) less efficiently compared with wild type CYP1A1 while pentoxy and benzyloxyresorufin (classical substrates for CYP2B) were dealkylated more efficiently. In silico docking showed alteration of the substrate access channel in exon 6 del CYP1A1 such that benzo(a)pyrene does not bind in any orientation that would permit the formation of carcinogenic metabolites. Genotyping revealed that the splice variant was not generated due to differences in genomic DNA sequence and the variant was present only in brain but not in liver, kidney, lung, or heart from the same individual. We provide evidence that unique P450 enzymes, generated by alternate splicing in a histiospecific manner can modify genotoxic potential of carcinogens such as benzo(a)pyrene by altering their biotransformation pathway.
Excretion of mercapturic acids of a xenobiotic is a good indicator for the formation of electrophilic intermediates. However, the route of excretion, urine or feces, is important for usage of a given mercapturic acid as a biomarker in humans. In the present study we investigated the excretion routes of 1-methylpyrenyl mercapturic acid (MPMA) and 1,8-dimethylpyrenyl mercapturic acid (DMPMA) formed from the corresponding benzylic alcohols in rats. Whereas MPMA was primarily excreted in urine (72% of the total urinary and fecal level), DMPMA clearly preferred the fecal route (88%). We then examined interactions of these mercapturic acids with renal basolateral organic anion transporters (OATs) using HEK293 cells stably expressing human OAT1 and OAT3. The uptake rates of MPMA by OAT1- and OAT3-expressing cells were 2.8- and 1.7-fold, respectively, higher than that by control cells. MPMA was a competitive inhibitor of p-aminohippurate uptake by OAT1 and estrone sulfate uptake by OAT3 with K(i) values of 14.5 microM and 1.5 microM, respectively. In contrast, DMPMA was not transported by OAT1 and only modestly transported by OAT3 (1.25-fold over control). Thus, we suspect that the substrate specificities, alone or together with other factors, played a directing role in the excretion of MPMA and DMPMA. Although the mechanistic link requires verification, our results clearly show that a minute structural difference (the presence or absence of an additional methyl group in an alkylated four-ring polycyclic hydrocarbon) can strongly affect the interaction with transporter proteins and direct the excretion route of mercapturic acids.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the application of BPDE-albumin adducts as monitoring biomarkers for coke oven workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and to explore possible relationship between BPDE-albumin adducts and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) levels in them. METHODS: Thirty-seven coke oven workers from a coke plant and 47 controls without the occupational exposure to PAHs were recruited in this study. The levels of plasma BPDE-albumin adducts and urinary 1-OHP were analyzed using high performance liquid chromatography. RESULTS: The median levels of BPDE-albumin adducts (42.10 fmol/mg albumin) and urinary 1-OHP (5.46 micromol/mol creatinine) were significantly higher in coke oven workers than in controls (14.16 fmol/mg albumin, 2.96 micromol/mol creatinine, respectively; P<0.01). Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that coke oven workers were at higher risk of having BPDE-albumin adduct levels above 25.30 micromol/mg albumin (OR=1.79, P<0.01) and urinary 1-OHP levels above 4.13 micromol/mol creatinine (OR=2.45, P<0.05). There was a positive correlation between the levels of BPDE-albumin adducts and urinary 1-OHP in all subjects (rs=0.349, P<0.01). CONCLUSION: BPDE-albumin adduct is a useful biomarker for monitoring long-term exposure to PAHs, and plasma BPDE-albumin adducts level is significantly correlated to urinary 1-OHP levels in coke oven workers. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in crude oil cause a range of adverse effects in oiled seabirds, one of the most common being hemolytic anemia via oxidative attack of erythrocytes by PAH metabolites resulting in hemoglobin leakage and formation of Heinz bodies. In such cases, haptoglobin and ferritin are up-regulated to sequester free Hb and iron in the circulation. We investigated these plasma proteins as biomarkers of PAH-induced Heinz body hemolytic anemia in oiled seabirds. Concentration ranges of PAHs, HAP and FT in plasma samples were 10-184 ng/ml, 0-2.6 mg/ml and 0-7.6 ng/ml, respectively. Dose-response relationships between plasma PAH exposure and haptoglobin and ferritin (FT) were investigated, and evidence of erythrocyte Heinz body formation studied in 50 oiled common guillemots stranded on the Norfolk Wash coast (East England). Haptoglobin was negatively correlated, and FT was positively correlated with PAH exposure. Heinz bodies were also observed confirming the toxic mechanism causing hemolytic anemia and counts were positively correlated with exposure. Our results support the application of these complementary biomarkers to assess hemolytic effects of oiling in wildlife biomonitoring, which also discriminate the influence of hemolytic versus inflammatory effects in oiled guillemots.
BACKGROUND: 1-Hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) is a biomarker of recent exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). We investigated whether urinary 1-OHP concentrations in Chinese coke oven workers (COWs) are modulated by job category, respirator usage, and cigarette smoking. METHODS: The present cross-sectional study measured urinary 1-OHP concentrations in 197 COWs from Coking plant I and 250 COWs from Coking plant II, as well as 220 unexposed referents from Control plant I and 56 referents from Control plant II. RESULTS: Urinary 1-OHP concentrations (geometric mean, micromol/mol creatinine) were 5.18 and 4.21 in workers from Coking plants I and II, respectively. The highest 1-OHP levels in urine were found among topside workers including lidmen, tar chasers, and whistlers. Benchmen had higher 1-OHP levels than other workers at the sideoven. Above 75% of the COWs exceeded the recommended occupational exposure limit of 2.3 micromol/mol creatinine. Respirator usage and increased body mass index (BMI) slightly reduced 1-OHP levels in COWs (P < 0.1). Cigarette smoking significantly increased urinary 1-OHP levels in unexposed referents (P < 0.005), but had no effect in COWs (P > 0.1). CONCLUSIONS: Chinese COWs, especially topside workers and benchmen, are exposed to high levels of PAHs. Urinary 1-OHP concentrations appear to be modulated by respirator usage and BMI in COWs, as well as by smoking in unexposed referents. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) cover a wide range of structurally related compounds which differ greatly in their carcinogenic potency. PAH exposure usually occurs through mixtures rather than individual compounds. Therefore, we assessed whether the effects of binary PAH mixtures on gene expression, DNA adduct formation, apoptosis and cell cycle are additive compared with the effects of the individual compounds in human hepatoma cells (HepG2). Equimolar and equitoxic mixtures of benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) with either dibenzo[a,l]pyrene (DB[a,l]P), dibenzo[a,h]anthracene (DB[a,h]A), benzo[b]fluoranthene (B[b]F), fluoranthene (FA) or 1-methylphenanthrene (1-MPA) were studied. DB[a,l]P, B[a]P, DB[a,h]A and B[b]F dose-dependently increased apoptosis and blocked cells cycle in S-phase. PAH mixtures showed an additive effect on apoptosis and on cell cycle blockage. DNA adduct formation in mixtures was higher than expected based on the individual compounds, indicating a synergistic effect of PAH mixtures. Equimolar mixtures of B[a]P and DB[a,l]P (0.1, 0.3 and 1.0 microM) were assessed for their effects on gene expression. Only at 1.0 microM, the mixture showed antagonism. All five compounds were also tested as a binary mixture with B[a]P in equitoxic concentrations. The combinations of B[a]P with B[b]F, DB[a,h]A or FA showed additivity, whereas B[a]P with DB[a,l]P or 1-MPA showed antagonism. Many individual genes showed additivity in mixtures, but some genes showed mostly antagonism or synergism. Our results show that the effects of binary mixtures of PAHs on gene expression are generally additive or slightly antagonistic, suggesting no effect or decreased carcinogenic potency, whereas the effects on DNA adduct formation show synergism, which rather indicates increased carcinogenic potency.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons have mutagenic and carcinogenic properties and some of them are classified as probable or possible human carcinogens. Aim of this study was to evaluate the genotoxic risk in workers exposed to diesel exaust. Environmental and biological monitoring exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons was carried out on fifty-two workers exposed to diesel exhaust. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene was employed as a biomarker of internal dose. Significant urinary 1-hydroxypyrene differences between smokers and non-smokers were found. Twenty per cent of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene values exceeded benchmark level for genotoxic effect, while the results of environmental monitoring excluded the existence of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. In the absence of greater knowledge about the relationship between urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and genotoxic effects under the conditions of very low exposure, extreme caution is recommended when this biomarker of internal dose is employed as an indicator of genotoxic risk.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are compounds with two or more fused benzene rings produced by incomplete combustion of organic substances involved in natural and anthropogenic processes. Children are exposed to these compounds through inhalation, dietary ingestion, and, also, soil at the playground. It has been well established that PAHs have carcinogenic, mutagenic, and teratogenic effects. Considering possible health risks due to PAHs exposure among children, the present study was carried out in collaboration with the Pediatrics Department, King George's Medical University (KGMU), Lucknow, to determine its exposure in children by estimating blood PAHs levels. Due to the variable composition of PAHs mixtures emitted from different environmental sources, any single compound or metabolite may not be representative of all exposure conditions. For these reasons, the measurement of blood PAHs levels as a possible biomarker, especially of the EPA (Environmental Protection Agency, USA) priority list, has been proposed. Acenaphthylene, anthracene, phenanthrene, fluoranthene, naphthalene, pyrene, benzo(b)fluoranthene, benzo(k)fluoranthene, and benzo(a)pyrene were determined by HPLC-FD/UV. On the basis of the individual compound, the median (50th percentile) of naphthalene (19 ppb) was highest, however, benzo(a)pyrene (4.0 ppb) level was found to be lowest among all detected PAHs. The median level of total noncarcinogenic PAHs (113.55 ppb) was higher than the total carcinogenic PAHs (32.35 ppb) in blood samples of children. A significant correlation was found between period of time spent in the surrounding breathing zone of the cooking place and total noncarcinogenic PAHs (p < 0.05), while the blood carcinogenic PAHs level in children was found to be associated with lower status of their families (p < 0.05). It is speculated that there may be chances of health hazards through exposure to PAHs, those not yet declared hazardous and present at higher concentrations in the Indian environment. Further study with a larger sample size and accompanying environmental data is desired to validate the findings of this pilot study and strengthen the database of PAHs exposure in India.
In regulatory toxicology, the dose-response relationship between occupational exposure and biomarkers is of importance in setting threshold values. We analyzed the relationships between occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and various biomarkers of internal exposure and DNA damage with data from 284 highly exposed male workers. Personal exposure to phenanthrene and other PAHs was measured during shift and correlated with the sum of 1-, 2+9-, 3-, and 4-hydroxyphenanthrenes in post-shift urine. PAHs and hydroxyphenanthrenes were associated with DNA damage assessed in WBC as 8-oxo-7,8-dihydro-2'-deoxyguanosine/10(6) dGuo and strand breaks by Comet assay as Olive tail moment. Hydroxyphenanthrenes correlated with phenanthrene (Spearman r(s) = 0.70; P < 0.0001). No correlations could be found between strand breaks and exposure (r(s) = 0.01, P < 0.0001 for PAHs; r(s) = -0.03, P = 0.68 for hydroxyphenanthrenes). Correlations with 8-oxo-7,8-dihydro-2'-deoxyguanosine/10(6) dGuo were weakly negative (r(s) = -0.22, P = 0.004 for PAHs) or flat (r(s) = -0.08, P = 0.31 for hydroxyphenanthrenes). Linear splines were applied to assess the relationships between the log-transformed variables. All regression models were adjusted for smoking and type of industry. For hydroxyphenanthrenes, 51.7% of the variance could be explained by phenanthrene and other predictors. Up to 0.77 microg/m(3) phenanthrene, no association could be found with hydroxyphenanthrenes. Above that point, hydroxyphenanthrenes increased by a factor of 1.47 under a doubling of phenanthrene exposure (slope, 0.56; 95% confidence interval, 0.47-0.64). Hydroxyphenanthrenes may be recommended as biomarker of occupational PAH exposure, whereas biomarkers of DNA damage in blood did not show a dose-response relation to PAH exposure.
The present study was conducted in a Chinese population to evaluate the usefulness and sensitivity of PAH-DNA adduct as a biomarker of PAH exposure, and to examine the potential effects of smoking and polymorphisms of responsive genes on DNA adduct formation induced by PAH exposure. The polymorphisms of genes examined include GSTM1, GSTT1, CYP1A1, microsomal epoxide hydrolase (mEH) and excision repair cross-complementary group 2 (ERCC2). A total of 194 subjects with a broad range of PAH exposures were recruited, including 116 occupationally exposed workers, 49 metropolitan residents and 29 suburban gardeners. A significant exposure-response relationship was observed between PAH exposure and DNA adducts in leukocytes across the entire group of subjects (p < 0.0001). The levels of PAH-DNA adducts in the subgroup with lowest occupational exposure to PAHs (< 0.1 microg BaP m(-3)) was significantly higher than that in metropolitan residents and suburban gardeners. However, no significant difference was detected between residents and gardeners, with mean BaP concentrations of 0.028 and 0.011 microg m(-3), respectively. The polymorphisms of genes examined failed to show significant effects on PAH-induced adduct formation except ERCC2 Lys751Gln genotypes. A significantly higher level of PAH-DNA adduct was found in subjects with wild-type ERCC2 than those who have either heterozygous or homozygous variant alleles (p < 0.01). Smoking, age and gender did not substantially contribute to PAH-induced DNA adduct formation in this study. The study suggests that PAH-DNA adducts may serve as a reliable biomarker of PAH exposure in occupational settings but may not be sensitive enough to be used in populations with environmental exposures to PAHs.
This study developed an acid hydrolysis coupled to a solid-phase microextraction method employing a semi-microcolumn liquid chromatography system, instead of enzyme hydrolysis with solid-phase extraction for the pretreatment of human urine samples, to detect urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP). The complete separation and detection of urinary 1-hydroxyprene was performed using a high-performance liquid-chromatography fluorescence detection system with an analytical C(18) semi-microcolumn, 60% (v/v) aqueous acetonitrile elution, and a lambda(ex/em) = 348/388 nm pair detection wavelength. Calibration graphs were linear with very good correlation coefficients (r = 0.9997), and the detection limit was 1.0 ng/L. These important parameters for acid hydrolysis and solid-phase microextraction were investigated. The total recovery was above 83% in acid hydrolysis with solid-phase microextraction. The proposed method provided a relatively simple, convenient, and practical procedure to determine the level of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in biological samples, and was successfully applied to detect the urine of students.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) form stable and depurinating DNA adducts in mouse skin to induce preneoplastic mutations. Some mutations transform cells, which then clonally expand to establish tumors. Strong clues about the mutagenic mechanism can be obtained if the PAH-DNA adducts can be correlated with both preneoplastic and tumor mutations. To this end, we studied mutagenesis in PAH-treated early preneoplastic skin (1 day after exposure) and in the induced papillomas in SENCAR mice. Papillomas were studied by PCR amplification of the H-ras gene and sequencing. For benzo[a]pyrene (BP), BP-7,8-dihydrodiol (BPDHD), 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA) and dibenzo[a,l]pyrene (DB[a,l]P), the codon 13 (GGC to GTC) and codon 61 (CAA to CTA) mutations in papillomas corresponded to the relative levels of Gua and Ade-depurinating adducts, despite BP and BPDHD forming significant amounts of stable DNA adducts. Such a relationship was expected for DMBA and DB[a,l]P, as they formed primarily depurinating adducts. These results suggest that depurinating adducts play a major role in forming the tumorigenic mutations. To validate this correlation, preneoplastic skin mutations were studied by cloning H-ras PCR products and sequencing individual clones. DMBA- and DB[a,l]P-treated skin showed primarily A.T to G.C mutations, which correlated with the high ratio of the Ade/Gua-depurinating adducts. Incubation of skin DNA with T.G-DNA glycosylase eliminated most of these A.T to G.C mutations, indicating that they existed as G.T heteroduplexes, as would be expected if they were formed by errors in the repair of abasic sites generated by the depurinating adducts. BP and its metabolites induced mainly G.C to T.A mutations in preneoplastic skin. However, PCR over unrepaired anti-BPDE-N(2)dG adducts can generate similar mutations as artifacts of the study protocol, making it difficult to establish an adduct-mutation correlation for determining which BP-DNA adducts induce the early preneoplastic mutations. In conclusion, this study suggests that depurinating adducts play a major role in PAH mutagenesis.
Genes involved in the nucleotide excision repair (NER) pathway, which removes bulky DNA adducts, are potential low-penetrance cancer susceptibility genes. We recently reported an association between detectable polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts and breast cancer risk. Using a population-based breast cancer case-control study on Long Island, New York, we examined whether polymorphisms in NER genes modified the association between PAH-DNA adducts and breast cancer risk. We examined polymorphisms in ERCC1 (3'-untranslated region 8092C/A), XPA (5'-untranslated region -4G/A), XPD (Asp(312)Asn in exon 10), XPF (Arg(415)Gln in exon 8), and XPG (Asp(1104)His in exon 15) in 1,053 breast cancer cases and 1,102 population-based controls. The presence of at least one variant allele in XPD was associated with a 25% increase in the odds ratio [OR, 1.25; 95% confidence interval (95% CI), 1.04-1.50] for breast cancer. The increase associated with homozygosity of the variant alleles for XPD and ERCC1 was stronger among those with detectable PAH-DNA adduct levels (OR, 1.83; 95% CI, 1.22-2.76 and OR, 1.92; 95% CI, 1.14-3.25 for detectable versus nondetectable adducts and homozygous wild-type genotype for XPD and ERCC1, respectively). We found no association between XPA, XPF, and XPG genotypes, PAH-DNA adducts, and breast cancer risk. When we combined genotypes for these NER pathway genes, there was a significant trend for increasing breast cancer risk with increasing number of putative high-risk alleles. Overall, this study suggests that the risk of breast cancer may be elevated among women with polymorphisms in NER pathway genes and detectable PAH-DNA adducts.
BACKGROUND: Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), including benzo[a]pyrene (BaP), are air pollutants released by the World Trade Center (WTC) fires and urban combustion sources. BaP-DNA adducts provide a measure of PAH-specific genetic damage, which has been associated with increased risk of adverse birth outcomes and cancer. We previously reported that levels of BaP-DNA adducts in maternal and umbilical cord blood obtained at delivery were elevated among subjects who had resided within 1 mile of the WTC site during the month after 9/11; and that elevated blood adducts in combination with in utero exposure to environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) were significantly associated with decreased fetal growth. OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to assess possible effects of prenatal exposure to WTC pollutants on child development. METHODS: After 11 September 2001, we enrolled a cohort of nonsmoking pregnant women who delivered at three lower Manhattan hospitals. We have followed a subset of children through their third birthdays and measured cognitive and motor development using the Bayley-II Scales of Child Development (BSID-II). RESULTS: In multivariate analyses, we found a significant interaction between cord blood adducts and in utero exposure to ETS on mental development index score at 3 years of age (p = 0.02, n = 98) whereas neither adducts nor ETS alone was a significant predictor of (BSID-II) cognitive development. CONCLUSION: Although limited by small numbers, these results suggest that exposure to elevated levels of PAHs in conjunction with prenatal ETS exposure may have contributed to a modest reduction in cognitive development among cohort children. 
A highly efficient and general method for Suzuki cross-coupling reaction en route to the synthesis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and their metabolites has been developed. Microwave irradiation of aryl bromides 1 and boronic acids (2 and 3) using polyurea microencapsulated palladium catalyst (Pd EnCat 30) gave the coupling adducts 4 and 5 in excellent yields in just 20 min compared to approximately 24 h under thermal conditions, corresponding to a approximately 72-fold increase in reaction rate.
The bipotent liver progenitor cells, so called oval cells, may participate at the early stages of hepatocarcinogenesis induced by chemical carcinogens. Unlike in mature parenchymal cells, little is known about formation of DNA adducts and other genotoxic events in oval cells. In the present study, we employed spontaneously immortalized rat liver WB-F344 cell line, which is an established in vitro model of oval cells, in order to study genotoxic effects of selected carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). With exception of dibenzo[a,l]pyrene, and partly also benzo[g]chrysene and benz[a]anthracene, all other PAHs under the study induced high levels of CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 mRNA. In contrast, we observed distinct genotoxic and cytotoxic potencies of PAHs. Dibenzo[a,l]pyrene, and to a lesser extent also benzo[a]pyrene, benzo[g]chrysene and dibenzo[a,e]pyrene, formed high levels of DNA adducts. This was accompanied with accumulation of Ser-15 phosphorylated form of p53 protein and induction of apoptosis. Contrary to that, benz[a]anthracene, chrysene, benzo[b]fluoranthene and dibenzo[a,h]anthracene induced only low amounts of DNA adducts formation and minimal apoptosis, without exerting significant effects on p53 phosphorylation. Finally, we studied effects of 2,4,3',5'-tetramethoxystilbene and fluoranthene, inhibitors of CYP1B1 activity, which plays a central role in metabolic activation of dibenzo[a,l]pyrene. In a dose-dependent manner, both compounds inhibited apoptosis induced by dibenzo[a,l]pyrene, suggesting that it interferes with the metabolic activation of the latter one. The present data show that in model cell line sharing phenotypic properties with oval cells, PAHs can be efficiently metabolized to form ultimate genotoxic metabolites. Liver progenitor cells could be thus susceptible to this type of genotoxic insult, which makes WB-F344 cell line a useful tool for studies of genotoxic effects of organic contaminants in liver cells. Our results also suggest that, unlike in mature hepatocytes, CYP1B1 might be a primary enzyme responsible for formation of DNA adducts in liver progenitor cells.
A fully automated sample pretreatment method was developed for the detection of mono and dihydroxy metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry in the selected ion monitoring mode. Direct immersion solid-phase microextraction for the extraction of target compounds and the headspace on-fiber silylation with N,O-bis(trimethylsilyl)trifluoroacetamide were performed automatically by a multipurpose autosampler (MPS2). The operating conditions including extraction time, derivatization time, ionic strength, pH, and incubation temperature were optimized. Calibration responses of nine metabolites of PAHs over a concentration range of 0.1-100 microg L(-1) with a correlation coefficient of 0.999 were obtained. The detection limits of the nine metabolites in mini pore water, minimal salts medium and soil extract culture medium were in the range of 0.001-0.013, 0.002-0.024 and 0.002-0.134 microg L(-1), respectively, while the respective quantification limits were 0.003-0.044, 0.005-0.081 and 0.008-0.447 microg L(-1). The reliability was confirmed by the traditional solid-phase extraction method. The proposed method could be used to analyze the metabolites of PAHs degraded by microorganisms such as algae and to determine the biodegradation pathways of PAHs.
Seaducks may be affected by harmful levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) at seaports near the Arctic. As an indicator of exposure to PAHs, we measured hepatic enzyme 7-ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase activity (EROD) to determine cytochrome P4501A induction in Steller's eiders (Polysticta stelleri) and Harlequin ducks (Histronicus histronicus) from Unalaska, Popof, and Unga Islands (AK, USA) in 2002 and 2003. We measured PAHs and organic contaminants in seaduck prey samples and polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in seaduck blood plasma to determine any relationship to EROD. Using Akaike's information criterion, species and site differences best explained EROD patterns: Activity was higher in Harlequin ducks than in Steller's eiders and higher at industrial than at nonindustrial sites. Site-specific concentrations of PAHs in blue mussels ([Mytilus trossilus] seaduck prey; PAH concentrations higher at Dutch Harbor, Unalaska, than at other sites) also was important in defining EROD patterns. Organochlorine compounds rarely were detected in prey samples. No relationship was found between polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in avian blood and EROD, which further supported inferences derived from Akaike's information criterion. Congeners were highest in seaducks from a nonindustrial or reference site, contrary to PAH patterns. To assist in interpreting the field study, 15 captive Steller's eiders were dosed with a PAH known to induce cytochrome P4501A. Dosed, captive Steller's eiders had definitive induction, but results indicated that wild Steller's eiders were exposed to PAHs or other inducing compounds at levels greater than those used in laboratory studies. Concentrations of PAHs in blue mussels at or near Dutch Harbor (approximately 1,180-5,980 ng/g) approached those found at highly contaminated sites (approximately 4,100-7,500 ng/g).
Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group C (XPC) is an important DNA nuclear excision repair (NER) gene that recognises the damage caused by a variety of bulky DNA adducts. We evaluated the association of two common non-synonymous polymorphisms in XPC (Ala499Val and Lys939Gln) with breast cancer risk in the Long Island Breast Cancer Study Project (LIBCSP), a population-based case-control study. Genotyping of 1067 cases and 1110 controls was performed by a high throughput assay with fluorescence polarisation. There were no overall associations between XPC polymorphisms and breast cancer risk. A diplotype CC-CC was significantly associated with increased breast cancer risk compared with diplotype CA-CA (OR=1.4, 95%CI: 1.0-1.9), but was not significant when compared with all other diplotypes combined (OR=1.22, 95%CI: 0.97-1.53). No modification effects were observed for XPC genotypes by cigarette smoking status, smoking pack-years or polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH)-DNA adducts. The increase in breast cancer risk was slightly more pronounced among women with detectable PAH-DNA adducts and carrying the diplotype CC-CC (OR=1.6, 95%CI: 1.1-2.2) compared to women with non-detectable PAH-DNA adducts carrying other diplotypes combined, but no statistically significant interaction was observed (P(interaction)=0.69). These data suggest that XPCs have neither independent effects nor interactions with cigarette smoking and PAH-DNA adducts for breast cancer risk. Further studies with multiple genetic polymorphisms in NER pathway are warranted.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) has been suggested as an exposure biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). However, it remains unknown whether a first morning urine sample can be used to reflect average exposure. In this paper, we examine intra-individual differences and inter-individual associations between first morning voids and 24-h composite urine samples. The analysis was performed using data collected from 100 adults who had a wide range of PAH exposure due to differences in their occupation, e.g., coke oven workers vs. non-coke oven workers. For each subject, all the urine voids within each of two 24-h measurement periods were collected. Results showed a significant (40% to 62%) intra-individual difference between first morning voids and 24-h urinary 1-OHP concentrations (in ng/ml urine). Creatinine adjustments of 1-OHP concentrations (in micromol/mol urinary creatinine) reduced the intra-individual difference by approximately 10%. Across all the subjects, a high overall correlation (r=0.76) was observed between first morning and 24-h average 1-OHP concentrations. Work environment and sampling season were found to significantly affect the relationship between first morning and 24-h 1-OHP concentrations. An increase of 1 ng/ml of first morning urinary 1-OHP predicted an increase of 0.5 and 0.25 ng/ml of 24-h urinary 1-OHP for coke oven workers and non-coke oven workers, respectively. Data collected in a winter season showed a higher correlation between first morning and 24-h concentrations than data collected in a fall season. Creatinine adjustments did not significantly improve overall correlations between first morning void and 24-h measurements, but increased total variances for 24-h urines explained by first morning urines in coke workers.
BACKGROUND: Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), some ubiquitous environmental contaminants are capable to cause oxidative stress, during its metabolism. It is believed that many diseases that have a common origin in oxidative stress begin in childhood. Considering oxidative stress evolved during PAHs metabolism as one main mechanism responsible for health hazards related to PAHs exposure in children, we biomonitored blood PAHs levels in connection with redox status among children of Lucknow (India). METHODS: The study consisted of children (n = 50) who visited to the Pediatrics Department (KGMU) Lucknow for usual health check-up camp over the study period (August 2005-July 2006). Blood samples were drawn and levels of acenaphthylene, anthracene, phenanthrene, fluoranthene, naphthalene, pyrene, benzo(b)fluoranthene, benzo(k)fluoranthene and benzo(a)pyrene were determined by HPLC-FD/UV. Malondialdehyde (MDA), glutathione (GSH) levels, catalase (CAT) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity were also determined to evaluate redox status. RESULTS: Significantly elevated carcinogenic blood PAHs levels (125.55 +/- 26.99ppb, p < 0.05) were found in rural children compared to children from urban region (23.96 +/- 13.46). Results revealed that remoteness between residence and highway/traffic, significantly influences the blood levels of carcinogenic PAHs. There were significant correlations between total PAHs and MDA (r = 0.82, p < 0.001), carcinogenic PAHs and SOD activity (r = 0.35, p < 0.01), Total PAHs and blood GSH level (r = - 0.49, p < 0.01) and carcinogenic PAHs and CAT activity (r = 0.42, p < 0.01). Blood MDA level was also found correlated with increasing body mass index (BMI) (r = 0.29, p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Our results showed blood PAHs levels in children significantly correlated with oxidative stress and altered antioxidant status. It supports our hypothesis that the children exposed to high PAHs level will suffer more to oxidative stress that may lead to possible health risks. Additional studies with large sample size are considered necessary to strengthen the database and also to explore the PAHs associated health risks in children. 
Reference values for environmental pollutants in the German population are established continuously by the Human Biomonitoring Commission of the German Federal Environment Agency. The reference value for 1-hydroxypyrene in urine was derived from the representative adult population data collection of the 1998 German Environmental Survey (GerES III) and the representative data collection for children of the German Environmental Survey on Children, 2003/06 (GerES IV). For the non-smoking general population (aged 3-69 years) the commission derived a reference value of 0.5 microg/l (corresponding to 0.3 microg/g creatinine) for 1-hydroxypyrene in urine. For 1- and 2-naphthol levels in urine the amount of data is small and not representative of the German population. Therefore, the commission recommends the following upper margins of background exposures for adult non-smokers: 1-naphthol less than 30 microg/l, 2-naphthol less than 20 microg/l.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are major environmental carcinogens produced in the combustion of fossil fuels, tobacco, and other organic matter. Current evidence indicates that PAHs are transformed enzymatically to active metabolites that react with DNA to form adducts that result in mutations. Three activation pathways have been proposed: the diol epoxide path, the radical-cation path, and the quinone path. The latter involves aldo-keto reductase mediated oxidation of PAH dihydrodiol metabolites to catechols that enter into redox cycles with quinones. This results in generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) that attack DNA, and the PAH quinones also react with DNA to form adducts. Several strategies for synthesis of the stable adducts formed by the o-quinone metabolites of carcinogenic PAHs with 2'-deoxyribonucleosides were investigated and compared. The PAH quinones studied were benz[a]anthracene-3,4-dione and its 7-methyl- and 7,12-dimethyl- derivatives. The parent PAHs represent a range of carcinogenicity from inactive to highly potent. Two synthetic methods were devised that differ in the catalyst employed, Pd(OAc)(2) or CuI. The Pd-mediated method involved coupling a protected amino-catechol PAH derivative with a halo-2'-deoxyribonucleoside. The copper-mediated method entailed reaction of a halo-PAH catechol derivative with a 2'-deoxyribonucleoside. Adducts of benz[a]anthracene-3,4-dione (and its 7-methyl- and 7,12-dimethyl- derivatives) with 2'-deoxyadenosine and 2'-deoxyguanosine were prepared by these methods. Availability of adducts of these types through synthesis makes possible for the first time biological studies to determine the role of these adducts in tumorigenesis. The copper-mediated method offers advantages of economy, adaptability to large-scale preparation, utility for synthesis of (13)C- or (15)N-labeled analogues, and nonformation of bis-adducts as secondary products.
A total of 132 studies were identified, of which 25 studies addressed environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in the general population. Of these 9 studies included children. Of 101 studies among workers in various occupations, 32 studies were in petrochemical industries, 29 studies in foundries, 14 studies in asphalt work, 21 studies working in urban air, 6 studies in combustion, 3 studies in soil remediation, and 2 studies in printing. Environmental and occupational studies were identified through an extensive search of the PubMed database up to November 2006. The aim of this review was to provide an overview of studies using urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP) as a biomarker of environmental and occupational exposure to PAHs. Hereby, we aim to support the current validation of 1-HP by summarizing the evidence of specific PAH exposure and1-HP associations in humans. Urine from more than 7000 children from 8 countries and 3400 adults from 9 countries were included in the 25 studies assessing environmental exposure to PAH. Among the occupational studies 7500 men and women gave urine samples to assess occupational PAH exposure. When measuring biomarkers in urine, volume (and time) or concentrations of creatinine are often used to standardize for diuresis. To be able to compare the included studies we recalculated the given concentrations to mumol 1-HP/mol creatinine. In conclusion, the highest concentrations of urinary 1-HP are found among workers in petrochemical industries among coke-oven workers. Occupational PAH exposure was the major factor determining high urinary concentration of 1-HP. The highest concentrations were observed among workers in the petrochemical industry at work places in Taiwan and China. To evaluate environmental and low-level occupational exposure to PAH it is crucial to provide knowledge on intra- and inter-individual variation in the evaluation of 1-HP. The highest contribution originates from environmental tobacco smoke, but also different country, cooking culture, and behavior influences urinary of 1-HP.
PURPOSE: DNA adduct levels may be influenced by metabolic activity, DNA repair capabilities, and genomic integrity, all of which play a role in cancer progression. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: To determine if elevated DNA adducts are a marker for prostate cancer progression, we measured polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts by immunohistochemistry in prostate cells of 368 surgical prostate cancer patients treated at the Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit, Michigan, between September 1999 and July 2004. Patients were followed up to 5 years after surgery with relative risk for biochemical recurrence (BCR) estimated with a Cox proportional hazards model that adjusted for standard clinical risk factors. RESULTS: At 1 year of follow-up, patients with adduct levels above the median in tumor cells [hazard ratio (HR), 2.40; 95% confidence interval (95% CI), 1.10-5.27] and nontumor cells (HR, 3.22; 95% CI, 1.40-7.39) had significant increased risk of BCR, but these HRs decreased to 1.12 (95% CI, 0.68-1.83) and 1.46 (95% CI, 0.89-2.41) in tumor and nontumor cells at 5 years postsurgery. When we restricted our analysis to patients with advanced-stage (III+) disease, those with high adduct levels in either tumor (53.5% versus 30.2%; P = 0.07) or nontumor (55.2% versus 28.6%; P = 0.02) cells had BCR rates almost 2-fold higher. In race-stratified analyses, the greatest risk of BCR associated with high adduct levels (in nontumor cells) was for African American patients younger than 60 years old (HR, 3.79; 95% CI, 1.01-14.30). CONCLUSIONS: High polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct levels in nontumor prostate cells are most strongly associated with BCR between 1 and 2 years after surgery and in patient subsets defined by younger age, advanced tumor stage, and African American race. 
A method for the determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine and hexachlorbenzene in water applying the regression triplet in the calibration procedure of chromatographic data has been applied. The detection limit and quantification limit are currently calculated on the basis of the standard deviation of replicate analyses at a single concentration. However, since the standard deviation depends on concentration, these single-concentration techniques result in limits that are directly dependent on spiking concentration. A more rigorous approach requires first careful attention to the three components of the regression triplet (data, model, method), examining (1) the data quality of the proposed model, (2) the model quality and (3) the least-squares method to be used for fulfilment of all least-squares assumptions. For high-performance liquid chromatography determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine and gas chromatography analysis of hexachlorbenzene in water, this paper describes the effects of deviations from five basic assumptions The paper considers the correction of deviations: identifying influential points, namely, outliers, the calibration task depends on the regression model used, and the least-squares method is based on the assumptions of the normality of the errors, homoscedasticity and the independence of errors. Results show that the approach developed provides improved estimates of analytical limits and that the single-concentration approaches currently in wide use are seriously flawed.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are widespread pollutants commonly found in air, food, and drinking water. Benzo[a]pyrene is a well-studied representative PAH found in air from fossil fuel combustion and a transplacental carcinogen experimentally. PAHs bind covalently to DNA to form DNA adducts, an indicator of DNA damage, and an informative biomarker of potential cancer risk. Associations between PAH-DNA adduct levels and both cancer risk and developmental deficits have been seen in previous experimental and epidemiologic studies. Several genes have been shown to play an important role in the metabolic activation or detoxification of PAHs, including the cytochrome P450 genes CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 and the glutathione S-transferase (GST) genes GSTM1, and GSTT2. Genetic variation in these genes could influence susceptibility to adverse effects of PAHs in polluted air. Here, we have explored interactions between prenatal PAH exposure and 17 polymorphisms in these genes (rs2198843, rs1456432, rs4646903, rs4646421, rs2606345, rs7495708, rs2472299, rs162549, rs1056837, rs1056836, rs162560, rs10012, rs2617266, rs2719, rs1622002, rs140194, and gene deletion GSTM1-02) and haplotypes on PAH-DNA adducts in cord blood of 547 newborns and in maternal blood of 806 mothers from three different self-described ethnic groups: African Americans, Dominicans, and Caucasians. PAHs were measured by personal air monitoring of mothers during pregnancy. Significant interactions (p < 0.05) were observed between certain genetic polymorphisms and CYP1A1 haplotype and PAHs in mothers and their newborns in the three ethnic groups. However, with our limited sample size, the current findings are suggestive only, warranting further study.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH-pyrene) is now largely considered to be a valuable biomarker of exposure of man and animals to pyrene and other polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). However, from a practical and agronomic standpoint, the question remains whether such biomarking capability still holds when 1-OH-pyrene is analyzed in milk produced by ruminants. To assess this hypothesis, four goats were daily submitted to three different amounts of pyrene oral ingestion, together with phenanthrene and benzo(a)pyrene (1, 7, and 49 mg/day during 1 week each). An HPLC-fluorometric analysis of 1-OH-pyrene in milk revealed a perfect correlation between pyrene doses and 1-OH-pyrene detected in milk, thus fully confirming the biomarking capability of 1-OH-pyrene and providing information on its transfer coefficient toward milk. Transfer equations such as the ones found in the present study could be used as a valuable and practical risk assessment tool in (i) the accurate monitoring of exposure of ruminants to pyrene and (ii) the evaluation of occupational and environmental exposure of ruminants to PAH mixtures.
Dibenzo[def,p]chrysene (DBC) is a highly carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon suspected to be involved in initiation of lung cancer in smokers. Efficient new syntheses of DBC, its active metabolites [DBC diol (1), DBC dione (2), DBC diol epoxide (3)], and their previously unknown 13C2-labeled analogues are reported. The 13C2-labeled analogues are required as standards for sensitive methods of analysis of their DNA adducts in human cells using stable isotope dilution liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry.
Urban particulate matter (UPM) contributes to lung cancer incidence. Here, we have studied the mutagenic activity and DNA adduct-forming ability of fractionated UPM extractable organic matter (EOM). UPM was collected with a high-volume sampler in June 2004 at two sites, one at street level adjacent to a roadway and the other inside a park within the urban area of the city of São Paulo, Brazil. UPM was extracted using dichloromethane, and the resulting EOM was separated by HPLC to obtain PAH, nitro-PAH, and oxy-PAH fractions which were tested for mutagenicity with the Salmonella strains TA98 and YG1041 with and without S9 metabolic activation. The PAH fraction from both sites showed negligible mutagenic activity in both strains. The highest mutagenic activity was found for the nitro-PAH fraction using YG1041 without metabolic activation; however, results were comparable for both sites. The nitro-PAH and oxy-PAH fractions were incubated with calf thymus DNA under reductive conditions appropriate for the activation of nitro aromatic compounds, then DNA adduct patterns and levels were determined with thin-layer chromatography (TLC) 32P-postlabeling method using two enrichment procedures-nuclease P1 digestion and butanol extraction. Reductively activated fractions from both sites produced diagonal radioactive zones (DRZ) of putative aromatic DNA adducts on thin layer plates with both enrichment procedures. No such DRZ were observed in control experiments using fractions from unexposed filters or from incubations without activating system. Total adduct levels produced by the nitro-PAH fractions were similar for both sites ranging from 30 to 45 adducts per 10(8) normal nucleotides. In contrast, the DNA binding of reductively activated oxy-PAH fractions was three times higher and the adduct pattern consisted of multiple discrete spots along the diagonal line on the thin layer plates. However, DNA adduct levels were not significantly different between the sampling sites. Both samples presented the same levels of mutagenic activity. The response in the Salmonella assay was typical of nitroaromatics. Although, more mutagenic activity was related to the nitro-PAH fraction in the Salmonella assay, the oxy-PAH fractions showed the highest DNA adduct levels. More studies are needed to elucidate the nature of the genotoxicants occurring in São Paulo atmospheric samples.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous environmental contaminants formed from combustion products of fossil fuels, cigarette smoking and in grilled/smoked foods. They are reported to alter trophoblast proliferation in placenta, in addition to disturbing its endocrine functions, which may be able to increase the risk of preterm delivery in pregnant women. The present study was planned to assess possible involvement of PAHs exposure of pregnant women (measured as placental PAHs concentrations) with preterm delivery cases among women of Lucknow city (India). We performed a case-control study and a total of 60 mothers (n=31 full term and n=29 preterm deliveries) were recruited at a local nursing home of Lucknow, for the period of August 2005-February 2006. Subsequent to parturition, placental tissues from each participant were immediately collected and kept at -20 degrees C until PAHs analyses. Placental tissue PAHs concentrations were determined by HPLC, using a fluorescence detector. Mean+/-SD placental level (61.91+/-12.43ppb) of benzo(b)fluoranthene, a carcinogenic PAH, was found significantly elevated (p<0.05) among women with preterm delivery when compared with the level (23.84+/-7.01) in women having full-term deliveries. In the same way, non-carcinogenic fluoranthene level (325.91+/-45.14ppb) was also detected to be higher in the preterm delivery group compared to 208.6+/-21.93ppb level from the full-term delivery group of women. Additionally naphthalene, acenaphthylene, phenanthrene, anthracene, benzo(a)pyrene and dibenzo(a,h)anthracene levels in placental tissue were also found to be higher in the preterm delivery group of women but the difference did not reach statistically significant levels. This foremost study from India with modest samples size and limited statistical power does not show a substantial involvement of PAHs with preterm delivery, but higher concentrations of placental PAHs detected among preterm delivery group of women could show some possible association with these environmental toxicants. Further study with large sample size, controlled for confounders and great statistical power, is reasonable to elucidate the association of PAHs exposure with preterm delivery of women in India.
Urinary monohydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAHs) are a class of PAH metabolites used as biomarkers for assessing human exposure to PAHs. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) uses OH-PAHs to establish reference range concentrations for the US population, and to set benchmarks for future epidemiologic and biomonitoring studies. For the years 2001 and 2002, 22 OH-PAH metabolites were measured in urine specimens from 2748 NHANES participants. Percentages of samples with detectable levels ranged from nearly 100% for metabolites of naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene, and pyrene, to less than 5% for metabolites from parent compounds with higher molecular weight such as chrysene, benzo[c]phenanthrene, and benz[a]anthracene. The geometric mean for 1-hydroxypyrene (1-PYR)--the most commonly used biomarker for PAH exposure--was 49.6 ng/L urine, or 46.4 ng/g creatinine. Children (ages 6-11) generally had higher levels than did adolescents (ages 12-19) or adults (ages 20 and older). Model-adjusted, least-square geometric means for 1-PYR were 87, 53 and 43 ng/L for children, adolescents (ages 12-19) and adults (ages 20 years and older), respectively. Log-transformed concentrations for major detectable OH-PAHs were significantly correlated with each other. The correlation coefficients between 1-PYR and other metabolites ranging from 0.17 to 0.63 support the use of 1-PYR as a useful surrogate representing PAH exposure.
In this study we tested the use of seabird blood as a bioindicator of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) pollution in the marine environment. Blood cells of breeding yellow-legged gulls (Larus michahellis) were able to track spatial and temporal changes consistent with the massive oil pollution pulse that resulted from the Prestige oil spill. Thus, in 2004, blood samples from yellow-legged gulls breeding in colonies that were in the trajectory of the spill doubled in theirtotal PAH concentrations when compared to samples from unoiled colonies. Furthermore, PAH levels in gulls from an oiled colony decreased by nearly a third in two consecutive breeding seasons (2004 and 2005). Experimental evidence was gathered by means of an oil-ingestion field experiment. The total concentration of PAHs in the blood of gulls given oil supplements was 30% higher compared to controls. This strongly suggested that measures of PAHs in the blood of gulls are sensitive to the ingestion of small quantities of oil. Our study provides evidence that seabirds were exposed to residual Prestige oil 17 months after the spill commenced and gives support to the nondestructive use of seabirds as biomonitors of oil pollution in marine environments.
A screening method for six biomarkers from polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) exposure in urine samples is presented. Solid-phase extraction is carried out on commercial C18 cartridges via an optimized procedure that minimizes metabolite loss. PAH metabolites are directly determined in the eluting solvent (3 mL of methanol) without the need of previous solvent evaporation. Spectral overlapping is resolved with the combination of unfolded partial least squares and residual bilinearization. Excellent analytical figures of merit were obtained for all the studied metabolites. Analytical recoveries varied between 87.9% (9-hydroxyphenanthrene) and 99.4% (3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene). For 10 mL of urine sample, the limits of detection varied between 0.01 ng.mL(-1) (3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyerene and 1-hydroxybenzopyrene) and 0.3 ng.mL(-1) (2-hydroxynaphthalene). Because the chemometric algorithm is capable of handling more than six metabolites at once, the application of this approach to a larger number of metabolites is feasible.
OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to determine urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP) levels in contemporary Swedish vulcanization workers and in controls. These levels were used as an index substance for vulcanization fumes, as well as a biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). The risk of symptoms and changed levels of immunologic markers were investigated in relation to the 1-HP levels. METHODS: Included in the study were 163 exposed workers and 106 controls. Medical and occupational histories were obtained by structured interviews. Symptoms were recorded and immunologic markers analysed in blood by routine analysis methods. Levels of 1-HP were determined by liquid chromatography and fluorescence detection. RESULTS: The highest levels of 1-HP were found among exposed workers using injection and compression vulcanization and lower levels were found among exposed workers vulcanizing with salt bath, hot air, microwaves or fluid-bed. Compared to controls, exposed workers had increased risks of eye symptoms, nosebleeds, burning and dry throat, hoarseness, severe dry cough, nausea and headache. Furthermore, exposed workers had elevated levels of neutrophils and total IgG (immunoglobulin subclass G). However, only for severe dry cough an evident exposure-response relationship with urinary 1-HP levels was found. CONCLUSIONS: This work clearly shows increased levels of urinary 1-HP in Swedish vulcanization workers. Furthermore, it demonstrates an increased risk of several symptoms and elevated levels of some immunologic markers in these workers. However, no obvious exposure-response relationships were found. 
The objective of this study was to assess whether polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) affect male reproductive functions in vivo. Male reproductive parameters included testis weight, sperm counts and motility, circulating follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), and testosterone. The average body weight, testis weight, and epididymis weight in the exposed group were not significantly lower than that in the control group (p < 0.01). The daily numbers of sperm in the PAH-exposed groups were significantly lower than those in the control group. The motility of sperm in the PAH-exposed groups was significantly less than those in the control group. Plasma LH concentrations increased at the end of the exposure period and continued to increase after post-cessation of exposure to PAHs. Testosterone decreased at the end of the exposure period and increased after post-cessation of exposure. However, the follicle-stimulation hormone level remained relatively stable during the study period. The present study showed that PAHs can compromise sperm functions and alter endocrine hormone levels.
To evaluate human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), we developed a rapid, simple and sensitive method for determining 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide (1-OHP-G) in human urine. To improve precision, a deuterated glucuronide was used as an internal standard. The method requires only 1 mL of urine. The urine was treated with a mixed-mode anion-exchange and reversed-phase solid-phase extraction cartridge (Oasis MAX). The analytes were analyzed with a C(18) reversed-phase column with a gradient elution, followed by tandem mass spectrometry with electrospray ionization in negative ion mode. The detection limit of 1-OHP-G (corresponding to a signal-to-noise ratio of 3) was 0.13 fmol/injection. Urinary concentrations of 1-OHP-G determined by this method were strongly correlated (r(2)=0.961) with concentrations of 1-hydroxypyrene by conventional HPLC with fluorescence detection.
This article describes the laboratory assessment of a hand and surface wipe sampling method for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). The analytical method employed extraction of the wipe samples into dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) and high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) flourometric detection of pyrene, a predominant PAH in used gasoline engine oils (UGEO). Recovery of pyrene was evaluated for two different sampling media by first contaminating the hands of a small number of volunteers with UGEO, followed by applying a small amount of corn oil to the palms, and by wiping the skin with a Whatman cellulostic filter paper or a polyester fabric wipe (i.e., Alpha wipes). In summary, using either Whatman or Alpha wipes, the mean recovery of pyrene from the UGEO that was applied to the hands and contained within three consecutive wipes was 69% and 54%, respectively. However, the relative recovery of the first to second wipe was on average 47% and 75% for the two media, respectively. These results indicate that the Alpha wipes were more efficient at recovering pyrene in the first wipe but less efficient overall when all three consecutive samples were included. Even though this sampling was performed in a controlled laboratory environment, the minimum and maximum amount of pyrene recovered in the individual composite samples using either method spanned a range of twofold. Overall, intra-and interpersonal variability, as measured by coefficient of variation, were 22% and 19%, respectively, and were not statistically different by type of media used. This method was used in a pilot field survey to sample the hands of 18 automotive repair technicians and 18 office workers. Detectable amounts of pyrene (>0.2 microg/sample) were found on the hands of 61% and 0% of these two groups, respectively, with the highest measured quantity equal to 1.06 microg. Samples from the upper surfaces of automobile motors were generally low to nondetectable (<0.027 microg/sample), while the median value of 0.047 mkcrlg/50 cm(2)(CV = 160%) and up to 0.640 microg were found on the drip pans.
Solar UV radiation and benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) are two carcinogenic agents. When combined, their deleterious properties are synergistic. In order to get insights into the underlying processes, we carried out a mechanistic study within isolated DNA photosensitized to UVA radiation by either BaP, its diol epoxide metabolite (BPDE) or the tetraol arising from the hydrolysis of this last molecule. Measurement of the level of the oxidized base 8-oxo-7,8-dihydroguanine revealed that BaP is a poor sensitizer while BPDE and tetraol are more potent ones. None of these compounds was found to photosensitize formation of cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers through triplet energy transfer. On the basis of the distribution of oxidized DNA bases, we could show that photosensitization of DNA by BPDE involves electron abstraction (Type I) while tetraol acts mainly through singlet oxygen production (Type II). Under our experimental conditions, Type I was the major photosensitization process, which shows the lack of involvement of tetraol in the observed photo-oxidation reaction. Finally, we could show that the adducts, resulting from the alkylation of DNA by BPDE, are very potent sensitizers. Indeed, they are located in the close vicinity of the double helix and thus perfectly placed to induce oxidation reactions.
Five temples, each a different size, were selected for this study. Two of the temples were located in Taichung City (in central Taiwan), and three were in Tainan City (in Southern Taiwan). Aerosols smaller than 10 microm aerodynamic diameter (PM(10)) were collected by using personal collection samplers during pilgrim days (the first and fifteenth day of each lunar month) and normal days (all other days). Regression analysis showed that about 1.6 microg/m(3) of PM(10) contributed to the workers' exposure in the temples for each joss stick increase in the censer. The concentrations of total polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (t-PAHs) and carcinogenic PAHs (car-PAHs) on pilgrim days were higher than those on normal days. Mean concentrations of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) in the pre-shift and post-shift workers of the five temples on normal days were 1.20 and 1.61 microg/g creatinine, respectively. Furthermore, the post-shift concentrations of 1-OHP in the workers of temples on pilgrim days were all higher than those of the workers of corresponding temples on normal days. Significant relationships between the urinary concentrations of 1-OHP and the exposure concentrations of pyrene, total PAHs and BaP(eq) were found in the workers of the temples. Results of linear regression showed that the increase of unit concentration (1 ng/m(3)) of pyrene led to a 0.05 microg/g creatinine increase of urinary 1-OHP, while the increase of unit concentration (1 ng/m(3)) of BaP(eq) resulted in an increase of 0.03 microg/g creatinine of urinary 1-OHP.
Wildland firefighters are exposed to particulate matter and gases containing polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), many of which are known carcinogens. Our objective was to evaluate the extent of firefighter exposure to particulate and PAHs during prescribed pile burns of mainly ponderosa pine slash and determine whether these exposures were correlated with changes in urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP), a PAH metabolite. Personal and area sampling for particulate and PAH exposures were conducted on the White Mountain Apache Tribe reservation, working with 21 Bureau of Indian Affairs/Fort Apache Agency wildland firefighters during the fall of 2006. Urine samples were collected pre- and post-exposure and pulmonary function was measured. Personal PAH exposures were detectable for only 3 of 16 PAHs analyzed: naphthalene, phenanthrene, and fluorene, all of which were identified only in vapor-phase samples. Condensed-phase PAHs were detected in PM2.5 area samples (20 of 21 PAHs analyzed were detected, all but naphthalene) at concentrations below 1 microg m(-3). The total PAH/PM2.5 mass fractions were roughly a factor of two higher during smoldering (1.06 +/- 0.15) than ignition (0.55 +/- 0.04 microg mg(-1)). There were no significant changes in urinary 1-HP or pulmonary function following exposure to pile burning. In summary, PAH exposures were low in pile burns, and urinary testing for a PAH metabolite failed to show a significant difference between baseline and post-exposure measurements.
OBJECTIVES: Several studies have suggested that genotoxic risks might still be present in the contemporary rubber manufacturing industry. Previously, we observed elevated levels of urinary mutagenicity and bladder DNA adducts in rubber workers. Presently, we investigated whether DNA adducts in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) and/or urothelial cells may be caused by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons or other genotoxic compounds. METHODS: Spot urine samples from 116 rubber manufacturing workers were collected on Sunday and during the workweek (post-shift) to determine 1-hydroxypyrene and mutagenicity levels. For 52 nonsmokers, urothelial cell DNA adducts and PBMC DNA adducts were measured additionally. RESULTS: Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels were significantly higher in workweek samples compared with Sunday (P = 0.0001). This increase was not uniform across tasks and only reached statistical significance for the curing department (+99%; P = 0.003). Weekday urinary mutagenicity was significantly increased for mixing (+56%) and curing (+21%) workers when compared with that for Sunday. Total urothelial cell DNA adducts were related to urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (P = 0.021) and mutagenicity (P = 0.027). No significant relationship was found between the adduct levels in PBMC and urothelial cells or between the former and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene or mutagenicity. CONCLUSIONS: Workers in the compounding, mixing, and curing departments were at highest genotoxic risk among rubber manufacturing workers. Increased levels of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, mutagenicity, and urothelial cell DNA adducts were found in these workers. Urothelial cell and PBMC DNA adducts were not related, hinting possibly to the presence of specific bladder carcinogens in the rubber manufacturing industry. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are metabolized in a complex manner. Although biological activity is associated with diol-epoxide formation, phenolic metabolites have predominantly been used in human biomonitoring. In this study monohydroxylated and new metabolites were characterized as biomarkers for occupational PAH exposure. In 97 male workers, personal exposure to 16 airborne PAH compounds was measured during shift. In postshift urine, 1-hydroxypyrene and 1,6- and 1,8-dihydroxypyrene (1-OHP, DiOHP) were determined as metabolites of pyrene (P), and the sum of 1-, 2-, 3-, 4-, and 9-hydroxyphenanthrenes (OHPHE), and PHE-dihydrodiols (PHED) as metabolites of phenanthrene (PHE). The referent group comprised 21 nonsmoking construction workers. Median (interquartile range) shift concentrations of airborne P and PHE were 1.46 (0.62-4.05 microg/m(3)) and 10.9 (3.69-23.77 microg/m(3)), respectively. The corresponding parameters were 3.86 (2.08-7.44) microg/g creatinine (crn) for 1-OHP, 0.66 (0.17-1.65) microg/g crn for DiOHP, 11.44 (5.21-34.76) microg/g crn for OHPHE, and 12.28 (3.3-97.76) microg/g crn for PHED in PAH-exposed workers. The median levels of 1-OHP and OHPHE were 0.09 (0.08-0.17 microg/m(3)) and 0.59 (0.45-1.39 microg/m(3)), respectively, in the referents. PHE correlated significantly with OHPHE and PHED, and P with 1-OHP but not with DiOHP. Under a doubling of PHE, OHPHE increased by a factor of 1.56 and PHED by 1.57. With a doubling of P, 1-OHP rose by 1.31 and DiOHP by 1.27. P is predominantly metabolized into 1-OHP, whereas PHE is metabolized equally into OHPHE and PHED. Thus metabolites of PHE were found as reliable biomarkers for PAH exposure.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in coke oven emissions could cause lung cancer in human. Individual's genotype of the metabolic enzymes and early biological changes were known to be associated with the susceptibility of cancer development. Knowledge of metabolic gene polymorphisms, which affect on the urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), could benefit us in understanding the interindividual difference in the mechanism of PAH-induced carcinogenesis. In this study, we investigated the association of aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) gene polymorphisms and urinary 1-OHP. One hundred forty-seven workers exposed to PAH and 69 nonexposure workers were recruited. Seven tagging single nucleotide polymorphisms in AhR gene were selected by pariwise r(2) method and minor allele frequency cutoff of 0.05 from Chinese genotype data in HapMap project. These seven tagging single nucleotide polymorphisms were genotyped by PCR-based methods. Multivariate analysis of covariance revealed that the levels of 1-OHP in PAH-exposed workers carrying genotype CT were lower than workers carrying wild genotype TT at loci rs10250822 and rs2282885 of AhR gene (P = 0.032 and 0.044, respectively). In PAH-exposed workers, the urinary 1-OHP levels showed a linear correlation (P(trend) = 0.041) with the genotypes at locus rs2282885, especially in low and moderate exposure groups. In contrast, no significant association was found between urinary 1-OHP level and AhR genotypes among nonexposed workers. Our findings indicated that polymorphisms of AhR gene were associated with the level of 1-OHP among PAH-exposed workers, suggesting that AhR-mediated signaling might contribute to individual susceptibility to PAH exposure.
Although exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) occurs mostly through mixtures, hazard and risk assessment are mostly based on the effects caused by individual compounds. The objective of the current study was to investigate whether interactions between PAHs occur, focusing on gene expression (as measured by cDNA microarrays) and DNA adduct formation. The effects of benzo[a]pyrene or dibenzo[a,h]anthracene (DB[a,h]A) alone and in binary mixtures with another PAH (DB[a,h]A, benzo[b]fluoranthene, fluoranthene or dibenzo[a,l]pyrene) were investigated using precision-cut rat liver slices. All compounds significantly modulated the expression of several genes, but overlap between genes affected by the mixture and by the individual compounds was relatively small. All mixtures showed an antagonistic response on total gene expression profiles. Moreover, at the level of individual genes, mostly antagonism was evident, with additivity and synergism observed for only a few genes. As far as DNA adduct formation is concerned, the binary mixtures generally caused antagonism. The effects in liver slices suggest a lower carcinogenic potency of PAH mixtures than estimated based on additivity of individual compounds.
Vitellogenin (Vtg), 17beta-estradiol (E2) and testosterone (T) were used as biomarkers of endocrine disruption in mature male nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) from three lakes (Rio, Enmedio and Limon) in Chiapas, Mexico. Vitellogenesis induction was found in tilapias from Rio and Limon, moderately high E(2) levels in Rio and Limon tilapias, compared with controls (cultured tilapias). Significant correlations between benzo(a)pyrene (BaP) metabolites and hexachlorobenzene (HCB) with Vtg and E(2) were found. The results of this study indicate that endocrine disruption exists in tilapias from Rio and Limon lakes, and that exposure to HCB and BaP could be causing these alterations.
1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) is a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). PAHs are pollutants produced by the combustion of organic material, and could be found both indoors and outdoors. Prenatal exposure to these compounds has been associated with retarded intrauterine growth and respiratory problems in children. The objective of this study is to describe the 1-OHP levels in urine in pregnant women in the INMA cohort in Valencia, and to study the association with socio-demographic and lifestyle variables, as well as with indicators of air pollution. The study population is a sub-sample (n: 204) of a cohort of pregnant women in the multicentre INMA project in Valencia (Spain). Urine samples were taken in week 12 of gestation, and 1-OHP was analyzed, and adjusted for creatinine. Socio-demographic and lifestyle information was collected using a questionnaire. Data from the monitoring stations in Valencia were used to assign levels of exposure to nitrogen dioxide (NO2), sulphur dioxide (SO2), total suspended particulates (TSP) and carbon monoxide (CO). The median 1-OHP level was 0.061 muicrool/mol of creatinine. Women who smoked had higher 1-OHP levels (0.095 micromol/mol of creatinine) than non-smokers (0.050 micromol/mol of creatinine). The variables predicting 1-OHP levels on linear multivariate analysis were: tobacco consumption, consumption of fried and smoked foods. There was also a significant association with NO2 levels 4 and 5 days before the samples were taken. The 1-OHP levels found in pregnant women in Valencia were higher than those found among women in reports in USA. 1-hydroxypyrene could be a good marker of exposure to PAHs from tobacco and diet, and also a useful marker of short term exposure to air pollution.
This work presents a novel approach for the simultaneous ultratrace determination of benzo[ a]pyrene and dibenzo[ a,h]anthracene, the two most carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), in a very interfering environment, combining the recently discovered ability of the nylon membrane to strongly retain and concentrate PAHs on its surface, the sensitivity of molecular fluorescence, and the selectivity of second-order chemometric algorithms. The fluorescence excitation-emission matrices, directly measured on a nylon-membrane surface, are processed by applying parallel factor analysis (PARAFAC) and unfolded partial least-squares coupled to residual bilinearization (U-PLS/RBL). The superiority of U-PLS/RBL to quantify BaP and DBA at concentrations below 10 ng L (-1) in the presence of the remaining 14 US EPA (United States Environmental Protection Agency) PAHs at total concentrations ranging from 1400 and 14,000 ng L (-1) is demonstrated. The present method successfully faces this complex challenge without using organic solvents, which are to known produce environmental contamination. Finally, the high sensitivity of the present method avoids preconcentration and elution steps, considerably decreasing the analysis time and the experimental errors. Because the instrumental involved in the determination is nonsophisticated, the experiments could be carried out in routine laboratories.
Micronuclei (MN) frequency associated to biologically effective dose of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons [PAH; anti-benzo[a]pyrene diolepoxide (B[a]PDE)-DNA] within the same subjects' peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBL) was evaluated. Study subjects were nonsmoking male Polish coke-oven workers (n=49) and matched controls (n=45) verified for PAH exposure by urinary 1-pyrenol. We found that coke-oven workers, heavily exposed to PAHs (80% workers exceeded the urinary 1-pyrenol biological exposure index value), presented significantly higher MN frequency in PBLs than controls (P<0.01). Substantial difference was also found for adduct levels in PBLs (P<0.01). Increase in MN levels was significantly related to anti-B[a]PDE-DNA formation, key adduct of the ultimate carcinogenic metabolite of B[a]P (n=94; r=0.47; P<0.001). The dose-response relationship was improved when subjects with adduct levels above the 3rd tertile (>or=4.35 adducts/10(8) nucleotides) were excluded (n=61; r=0.69; P<0.001). Saturation of adduct/MN formation at high levels may disturb the underlying relationship. Linear multiple regression analysis, without subjects of 3rd tertile adduct level (n=61), revealed that adduct formation (t=4.61; P<0.001), but not 1-pyrenol, was the significant determinant in increasing MN. In conclusion, the increase in MN frequency is mainly related to the specific anti-B[a]PDE-DNA formation within PBLs of the same subject. Our results substantiate, with the use of an early indicator of biological effect as well, that workers are at higher cancer risk than controls.
The detection of urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites by fluorescence spectrophotometry is particularly effective as a practical means to assess PAH exposure in decapod crabs. However, the practical application of this technique has thus far only been tested for the European shore crab (Carcinus maenas) and only a few field studies have been conducted in heavily polluted areas. The present study evaluated the adaptability of this method as a rapid, cost-effective and non-destructive biomonitoring tool for the New Zealand crab species, Macrophthalmus hirtipes (stalk-eyed mud crab). A field gradient could be detected among the sites and different input sources of PAH contamination could be discerned through the differentiation of pyrogenic and petrogenic PAH signatures. The present study shows that the fluorescence screening method is sensitive to relatively low levels of PAH contamination and more broadly applicable to smaller crab species than C. maenas, for which the technique was developed.
OBJECTIVES: To assess internal dose and oxidative stress in male restaurant workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) from cooking oil fumes (COFs) in Chinese restaurants. METHODS: The study participants included 288 male restaurant workers (171 kitchen and 117 service staff) in Chinese restaurants in Taiwan. Airborne particulate PAHs were measured over 12 h on each of two consecutive work days and then identified using high performance liquid chromatography. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) measurements were used to indicate COF exposure, and urinary malondialdehyde (MDA) was adopted as an oxidative stress marker. Multiple regression models were used to assess the relationship between MDA and 1-OHP levels after adjusting for key personal covariates. RESULTS: Summed particulate PAH levels in kitchens (median 23.9 ng/m(3)) were significantly higher than those in dining areas (median 4.9 ng/m(3)). For non-smoking kitchen staff, mean MDA and 1-OHP levels were 344.2 (SD 243.7) and 6.0 (SD 8.0) mumol/mol creatinine, respectively. These levels were significantly higher than those for non-smoking service staff, which were 244.2 (SD 164.4) and 2.4 (SD 4.3) mumol/mol creatinine, respectively. Urinary 1-OHP levels were significantly associated with work in kitchens (p<0.05). Furthermore, urinary MDA levels were significantly associated with urinary 1-OHP levels (p<0.001) and working hours per day (p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: These findings indicate that urinary 1-OHP and MDA levels reflect occupational exposure to PAHs from COFs and oxidative stress in workers in Chinese restaurants. 
Human chemical exposures resulting from transfer of surface deposition on indoor nylon carpets may be estimated by measuring transferable residues (mu g chemical/cm2 carpet). A weighted roller developed at California Department of Food and Agriculture (CDFA) has been extensively used to sample transferable residue for estimates of human exposure in risk characterization. A modified roller has been developed to evaluate the influence of pressure on transferable chemical residue since weight and force (or pressure, kg/m2) may vary person-to-person and activity-to-activity. A 30.5 cm diameter roller was used to apply 60 to 2100 kg/m2 to bracket pressures exerted by humans on a flat nylon-carpeted surface. Measurements of transferable cyfluthrin residues were made after 1, 7, and 21 days. Total Soxhlet extractable cyfluthrin residues were relatively constant during the test period. Residue transferability decreased during the study period. Modest increases in the transferability of surface residues were observed over the broad range of pressures applied by the modified roller.
The aim of this study was the development of a method for the determination of 12 urinary monohydroxy metabolites of PAHs, namely 1-hydroxynaphthalene, 2-hydroxynaphthalene, 2-hydroxyfluorene, 9-hydroxyfluorene, 1-hydroxyphenanthrene, 2-hydroxyphenanthrene, 3-hydroxyphenanthrene, 4-hydroxyphenanthrene, 9-hydroxyphenanthrene, 1-hydroxypyrene, 6-hydroxychrysene, and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene. Analytes were determined in the presence of deuterated analogues as internal standards, by GC/MS operating in the electron impact mode. Sample preparation was performed by enzymatic hydrolysis of glucoronate and sulphate conjugates of hydroxy metabolites of PAHs, liquid-liquid extraction with n-hexane, and derivatization with a silylating reagent. The method is very specific, limits of quantification are in the range 0.1-1.4 microg/l, and range of linearity is from limit of detection to 208 microg/l. Within- and between-run precision, expressed as coefficient of variation, are <20%; accuracy for most analytes is within 20% of the theoretical value. An application of the proposed method to the analysis of 10 urine samples from coke-oven workers shows that 1-hydroxynaphthalene and 2-hydroxyfluorene were the most abundant compounds (median 61.4 and 69.7 microg/l, respectively), while 6-hydroxychrysene, and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene were always below the quantification limit.
BACKGROUND: Children from low-income families may be subject to high exposures to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) which can lead to respiratory disorders. This study aims to establish methods for assessing total PAH exposure of asthmatic and non-asthmatic children from low-income families; to estimate serum PAH concentrations of these children, and to estimate the relative importance of the environmental pathways for PAH exposure. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 75 (61 asthmatic, 14 non-asthmatic) Saudi children 15 years old and below were included to participate in this cross-sectional study. Each participant answered a generalized questionnaire with dietary questions. Serum PAH were measured using HPLC with UV detection. RESULTS: Serum naphthalene and pyrene were significantly elevated among asthmatic children (p-values = 0.007 and 0.01, respectively). Serum acenaphthylene, fluorine and 1,2-benzanthracene, on the other hand, were significantly higher among non-asthmatics (p-values = 0.001, 0.04 and 0.03, respectively). There was a significant correlation between the presence of a smoker in the family and serum concentrations of carbazole, pyrene, 1,2-benzanthracene and benzacephenanthrylene (R = 0.37, 0.45, 0.43, 0.33; p-values = 0.01, 0.0002, 0.003 and 0.025, respectively). Significant correlations were elicited between daily meat intake and serum levels of acenaphthylene, benzopyrene and 1,2-benzanthracene (R = 0.27, 0.27, 0.33; p-values = 0.02 and < 0.001, respectively). CONCLUSION: Among the children, serum PAH were significantly correlated to meat intake as well as presence of smokers at home. Public health awareness should be enhanced by educating parents to take certain precautions at home, such as preventing indoor smoking and reducing the intake of grilled and smoked meat by children so as to decrease their exposure to carcinogenic PAH. 
OBJECTIVES: The study investigated the utility of unmetabolised naphthalene (Nap) and phenanthrene (Phe) in urine as surrogates for exposures to mixtures of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). METHODS: The report included workers exposed to diesel exhausts (low PAH exposure level, n = 39) as well as those exposed to emissions from asphalt (medium PAH exposure level, n = 26) and coke ovens (high PAH exposure level, n = 28). Levels of Nap and Phe were measured in urine from each subject using head space-solid phase microextraction and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Published levels of airborne Nap, Phe and other PAHs in the coke-producing and aluminium industries were also investigated. RESULTS: In post-shift urine, the highest estimated geometric mean concentrations of Nap and Phe were observed in coke-oven workers (Nap: 2490 ng/l; Phe: 975 ng/l), followed by asphalt workers (Nap: 71.5 ng/l; Phe: 54.3 ng/l), and by diesel-exposed workers (Nap: 17.7 ng/l; Phe: 3.60 ng/l). After subtracting logged background levels of Nap and Phe from the logged post-shift levels of these PAHs in urine, the resulting values (referred to as ln(adjNap) and ln(adjPhe), respectively) were significantly correlated in each group of workers (0.71 < or = Pearson r < or = 0.89), suggesting a common exposure source in each case. Surprisingly, multiple linear regression analysis of ln(adjNap) on ln(adjPhe) showed no significant effect of the source of exposure (coke ovens, asphalt and diesel exhaust) and further suggested that the ratio of urinary Nap/Phe (in natural scale) decreased with increasing exposure levels. These results were corroborated with published data for airborne Nap and Phe in the coke-producing and aluminium industries. The published air measurements also indicated that Nap and Phe levels were proportional to the levels of all combined PAHs in those industries. CONCLUSION: Levels of Nap and Phe in urine reflect airborne exposures to these compounds and are promising surrogates for occupational exposures to PAH mixtures. 
OBJECTIVES: This study was conducted to investigate the dominant sources of the urinary pyrene metabolite, 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide (1-OHPG), in South Korean children. METHODS: Urine samples were collected from 102 non-smoking children (aged 10-14). Urinary 1-OHPG was assayed by synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy, following immuno-affinity purification using monoclonal antibody 8E11. Urinary cotinine, a metabolite of nicotine, was measured by GC/MS. Information on environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) exposure, diet, fuel type for heating home, and other possible sources of PAH exposure was collected by self-administered questionnaires. RESULTS: Mean (+/-SE) 1-OHPG levels were 1.64 (+/-0.06) ng/ml (range 0.04-3.27 ng/ml). Two multiple linear regression analyses (differing in how ETS was approximated: by parental smoking or urinary cotinine) revealed a positive association between urinary 1-OHPG levels and parental smoking at home (P = 0.007), log urinary cotinine (P = 0.165), frequent grilled (shell)fish consumption (P = 0.061), and living in a commercial/other zone (P = 0.007) versus a residential or industrial zone. No consistent associations were found between 1-OHPG and the child's sex, grilled meat consumption, or fuels used to heat the home. CONCLUSIONS: These results support that ETS, frequent grilled fish consumption, and the ambient environment are important predictors of urinary 1-OHPG levels in South Korean children. 
The determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites in human urine is the method of choice for assessing exposure to carcinogenic compounds. The objective of this study was the development of a comprehensive two-dimensional gas chromatography (GCxGC) method using a flame ionisation detector (FID) to simultaneously determine 10 hydroxylated PAH. The method was based on enzymatic deconjugation, liquid-liquid extraction, and trimethylsilyl (TMS) derivatization of the analytes by microwave heating. Satisfactory separation was achieved. The coefficient of variance was 3.8-12.8%. LOD was 0.03-0.18 microg/L, and LOQ was 0.1-0.5 microg/L. The mean recovery was 76%. The method was applied to the analysis of urine from smokers and non-smokers.
Zebrafish (Danio rerio) is a common model species in fish toxicology, and the zebrafish gill is potentially useful in screening waterborne pollutants. We have previously developed a gill-based ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD) assay, and proposed gill EROD activity as a biomarker for exposure to waterborne aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AHR) agonists. In this study we modified the gill EROD assay for use in zebrafish. We used immunohistochemistry to localize CYP1A induction, and microautoradiography to localize irreversible binding of the prototypic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon, 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA) in zebrafish gills. Gill filament and liver microsomal EROD activities were measured after waterborne exposure of zebrafish and rainbow trout to benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) or beta-naphthoflavone (betaNF). The results showed considerably lower relative EROD induction by betaNF (1microM) in zebrafish than in rainbow trout, both in gills (13-fold versus 230-fold compared to control) and in liver (5-fold versus 320-fold compared to control). The induced hepatic EROD activity was similar in the two species, whereas the basal activity was considerably higher in zebrafish than in rainbow trout. In zebrafish gills, betaNF enhanced DMBA adduct formation and CYP1A immunostaining. Ellipticine blocked DMBA adduct formation and EROD activity following betaNF exposure but had no effect on CYP1A immunostaining. A notable finding was that the localization of DMBA adducts differed from that of CYP1A protein in betaNF-induced fish; CYP1A immunoreactivity was evenly distributed in the gills whereas DMBA adduction was confined to the leading edges of the filaments and the gill rakers, i.e., structures being highly exposed to DMBA-containing inhaled water. The results show that the modified method is suitable for determination of gill EROD activity in zebrafish, although rainbow trout seems more sensitive. They also imply that the sites of DMBA adduct formation in zebrafish gills are markedly influenced by kinetic factors.
The possibility of using the pyrene metabolite 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) exposure was investigated by exposure of the marine polychaete Nereis diversicolor to several PAHs in the laboratory. Animals were exposed to pyrene alone and to five different PAHs - phenanthrene, anthracene, pyrene, benzo[a]pyrene and benzo[k]flouranthene. After five days of exposure the concentrations of parent PAHs and 1-hydroxypyrene were identified using three different analytical methods, high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection (HPLC/F), synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy (SFS) and gas chromatography with mass spectrometric detection (GC/MS). The SFS measurements of 1-hydroxypyrene were validated by the more sensitive method HPLC/F. The positive correlation between total PAHs and 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in the polychaete tissues observed in experiments, suggests the feasibility of 1-hydroxypyrene as a suitable biomarker for total PAH exposure assessment. Furthermore, the possibility of employment of the simple and rapid SFS method instead of HPLC/F for biomarker analysis has been confirmed by the positive and significant correlation between results achieved by these two analytical methods.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are widespread environmental pollutants well known as mutagenic/carcinogenic agents. This review will discuss recent theoretical studies regarding the stability and reactivity of ultimate carcinogenic metabolites from PAHs, focusing on their diol epoxide and amine derivatives. Geometrical and electronic features will be analyzed in order to obtain structure-activity relationships. Charge delocalization modes (positive charge density distribution), substituent effects, and conformational aspects will be considered. Computed properties will be compared with the available biological activity data. Correlations between experimental mutagenic potencies reported in the literature and calculated reaction energies and electronic properties will be shown. Heteroaromatic compounds (aza-PAHs, thia-PAHs, and heteroaromatic amines) will also be examined. To model the important step of covalent adduct formation, calculation of the adducts resulting from bond formation between some of these electrophilic intermediates and nucleotide bases (guanine, cytosine) will be described.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are common environmental pollutants in both living and working environments. The aim of this study was the development of a headspace solid-phase microextraction gas chromatography-isotope dilution mass spectrometry (HS-SPME/GC-IDMS) method for the simultaneous quantification of 13 PAHs in urine samples. Different parameters affecting PAHs extraction by HS-SPME were considered and optimized: type/thickness of fiber coatings, extraction temperature/time, desorption temperature/time, ionic strength and sample agitation. The stability of spiked PAHs solutions and of real urine samples stored up to 90 days in containers of different materials was evaluated. In the optimized method, analytes were absorbed for 60min at 80 degrees C in the sample headspace with a 100mum polydimethylsiloxane fiber. The method is very specific, with linear range from the limit of quantification to 8.67 x 10(3)ngL(-1), a within-run precision of <20% and a between-run precision of <20% for 2-, 3- and 4-ring compounds and of <30% for 5-ring compounds, trueness within 20% of the spiked concentration, and limit of quantification in the 2.28-2.28 x 10(1)ngL(-1) range. An application of the proposed method using 15 urine samples from subjects exposed to PAHs at different environmental levels is shown.
AIMS: Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), among the main compounds present in polluted urban air, is of concern for children's health. Childhood exposure to PAH was assessed by urinary monitoring of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), a pyrene metabolite, investigating its association with exposure to air pollution and other factors related to PAH in air. METHODS: A group of 174 4-year-old children were recruited and a questionnaire on their indoor and outdoor residential environment was completed by parents. At the same time, environmental measurements of traffic-related air pollution (NO2) were carried out. A urine sample was collected from each child in order to analyze 1-OHP using HPLC with fluorescence detection, correcting for creatinine concentrations. Non-parametric tests and regression analyses were used to identify environmental factors that influence 1-OHP excretion. RESULTS: Mean urinary 1-OHP concentration was 0.061 micromol/mol creatinine, ranging from 0.004 to 0.314 micromol/mol. Non-parametric tests and regression analysis showed positive and significant associations (P<or=0.05) between 1-OHP and predicted residential exposure to NO2 (which was based on outdoor environmental measurements and geo-statistical analysis), self-reported residential vehicle traffic, passive smoking and cooking appliance. 1-OHP levels tended to be higher among children living in urban areas (0.062 micromol/mol vs. 0.058 micromol/mol for children living in rural areas) but differences were not significant (P=0.20). CONCLUSION: In Southern Spain, concentrations of urinary 1-OHP were in the lower range of those generally reported for children living in non-polluted areas in Western Europe and the USA. Traffic-related air pollution, passive smoking and cooking appliance influenced urinary 1-OHP level in the children, which should be prevented due to the health consequences of the inadvertent exposure to PAH during development. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are ubiquitous occupational and environmental pollutants and the urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) is classically measured for the determination of PAH exposure internal dose. Some of PAH are tumorigenic due to their metabolites ability to generate DNA adducts and oxidative DNA damage through the production of reactive oxygen species during metabolism. 8-hydroxy-7,8-dihydro-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdGuo) is one of the major oxidative DNA lesions and its use as a potential biomarker of genotoxic PAH occupational exposure should be evaluated. Indeed conflicting results are frequently reported in occupational studies in terms of correlation between 8-OHdGuo urinary levels and PAH exposure. The aim of our study was therefore to determine the potential for PAH occupational exposure to increase urinary oxidative DNA damage. The population consisted of 68 male workers employed in silicon production. The urinary concentrations of 8-OHdGuo and its homologue in RNA, 8-hydroxy-7,8-dihydroguanosine (8-OHGuo) were determined using high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) coupled to tandem mass spectrometry, whereas those of 1-OHP were measured using HPLC with fluorescence detection. Individual variation rates were calculated on a working day and a working week. The results indicated that, while 1-OHP levels strongly increased on a working day and even more on a working week, 8-OHdGuo and 8-OHGuo urinary levels did not show similar significant increases. Moreover, no correlation between 1-OHP and oxidative DNA and RNA lesions was found. Consequently, urinary 8-OHdGuo and 8-OHGuo did not seem to be relevant biomarkers of genotoxic PAH exposure in the case of the silicon plant studied.
BACKGROUND: Studies of migrant populations suggest that dietary and/or environmental factors play a crucial role in the etiology of prostatic adenocarcinoma (CaP). The human prostate consists of the peripheral zone (PZ), transition zone (TZ), and central zone (CZ); CaP occurs most often in the PZ. METHODS: To investigate the notion that an underlying differential expression of phase I/II genes, and/or the presence of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts might explain the elevated PZ susceptibility, we examined prostate tissues (matched tissue sets consisting of PZ and TZ) from men undergoing radical retropubic prostatectomy for CaP (n = 26) or cystoprostatectomy (n = 1). Quantitative gene expression analysis was employed for cytochrome P450 (CYP) isoforms CYP1A1, CYP1B1, and CYP1A2, as well as N-acetyltransferase 1 and 2 (NAT1 and NAT2) and catechol-O-methyl transferase (COMT). RESULTS: CYP1B1, NAT1, and COMT were expressed in all tissue sets; levels of CYP1B1 and NAT1 were consistently higher in the PZ compared to TZ. Immunohistochemistry confirmed the presence of CYP1B1 (nuclear-associated and primarily in basal epithelial cells) and NAT1. Normal tissue from 23 of these aforementioned 27 matched tissue sets was analyzed for PAH-DNA adduct levels using antiserum elicited against DNA modified with r7,t8-dihydroxy-t-9,10-oxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydro-benzo[a]pyrene (BPDE). PAH-DNA adduct levels were highest in glandular epithelial cells, but a comparison of PZ and TZ showed no significant differences. CONCLUSION: Although expression of activating and/or detoxifying enzymes may be higher in the PZ, PAH-DNA adduct levels appear to be similar in both zones. Therefore, factors other than PAH-DNA adducts may be responsible for promotion of tumor formation in the human prostate. 
It was postulated that a population in sub-Saharan Africa, known to be at high risk for aflatoxicosis due to frequent ingestion of aflatoxin (AF)-contaminated foods could also be exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) from a variety of environmental sources. Previously, participants in this population were shown to be highly exposed to AFs, and this exposure was significantly reduced by intervention with NovaSil clay (NS). Objectives of this study were 1) to assess PAH exposure in participants from the AF study using urinary biomarker 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP); 2) examine the effect of NS clay and placebo (cellulose) treatment on 1-OHP levels; and 3) determine potential association(s) between AF and PAH exposures. A clinical trial was conducted in 177 Ghanaians who received either NS capsules as high dose or low dose, or placebo (cellulose) for a period of 3 months. At the start and end of the study, urine samples were analyzed for 1-OHP. Of the 279 total samples, 98.9% had detectable levels of 1-OHP. Median 1-OHP excretion in nonsmokers was 0.64 micromol/mol creatinine at baseline and 0.69 micromol/mol creatinine after 3 months. Samples collected at both time points did not show significant differences between placebo and NS-treated groups. There was no linear correlation between 1-OHP and AF-albumin adduct levels. Results show that this population is highly exposed to PAHs (and AFs), that NS and cellulose treatment had no statistically significant effect on 1-OHP levels, and that this urinary biomarker was not linearly related with AF exposure.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are mammary carcinogens in animal studies, and a few epidemiologic studies have suggested a link between elevated levels of PAH-DNA adducts and breast cancer incidence. An association between PAH-DNA adducts and survival among breast cancer cases has not been previously reported. We conducted a survival analysis among women with newly diagnosed invasive breast cancer between 1996 and 1997, enrolled in the Long Island Breast Cancer Study Project. DNA was isolated from blood samples that were obtained from cases shortly after diagnosis and assayed for PAH-DNA adducts using ELISA. Among the 722 cases with PAH-DNA adduct measurements, 97 deaths (13.4%) from all causes and 54 deaths (7.5%) due to breast cancer were reported to the National Death Index (NDI) by December 31, 2002. Using Cox proportional hazards models and controlling for age at diagnosis, we did not find evidence that all-cause mortality (hazard ratio (HR)=0.88; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.57-1.37), or breast cancer mortality (HR=1.20; 95% CI: 0.63-2.28) was strongly associated with detectable PAH-DNA adduct levels compared with non-detectable adducts; additionally, no dose-response association was observed. Among a subgroup with treatment data (n=520), adducts were associated with over a two-fold higher mortality among those receiving radiation, but mortality for adducts was reduced among hormone therapy users. Results from this large population-based study do not provide strong support for an association between detectable PAH-DNA adducts and survival among women with breast cancer, except perhaps among those receiving radiation treatment.
Bile metabolites are widely accepted as measures of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and have also been used to assess exposure to alkyl phenols (AP). The aim of this study was to clarify relationships between exposure (through water or diet) and subsequent accumulation of specific PAH and AP metabolites in Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua). Atlantic cod were exposed through water or diet to a synthetic mixture of PAH, alkylated PAH, and AP, simulating the composition of North Sea produced water (formation water; separated from oil or gas on the platform). Fish were exposed through water for 11 mo and the results reported here are from 2 and 8 mo. Fish were subjected to one of four exposures: "control," "low," "high," or "pulsed high." Bile samples were analyzed by gas chromatography/time-of-flight mass spectroscopy (GC/MS-ToF) for identification of PAH and AP metabolites. Cod exposed through diet were divided into six groups receiving different groups of compounds (AP, PAH, or alkylated PAH), a mixture of all compounds, a low-concentration mixture, and controls. A dose-dependent relationship was found for metabolites for most of the PAH and AP, although results were less clear for the more volatile substances such as phenol and naphthalene. The concentration of bile metabolites from fish exposed through water rose with increasing lipophilicity, but this relationship was less clear for fish exposed through diet. Overall, data indicated that bile metabolites of AP and PAH in fish are reliable markers of both water exposure and dietary exposure to such substances, although with the possible exception of the more volatile species such as phenol and naphthalene.
The aim was to explore the relationship between the ataxia-telangiectasia mutated (ATM) gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to cytokinesis-block micronucleus among workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). Blood and urine samples of 140 PAH-exposed workers and 66 non-PAH-exposed workers were collected. Seven tagging single nucleotide polymorphisms in ATM gene were selected by pariwise r(2) method and minor allele frequency cutoff of 0.05 from Chinese genotype data in HapMap project. Polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) was used to analyze the polymorphisms of ATM rs600931, rs652311, rs227060, rs227292, rs624366, rs189037 and rs228589. The results showed that ATM rs600931 AG and AG+AA genotypes exhibited significantly higher cytokinesis-block micronucleus (CBMN) frequency (11.14+/-6.91 per thousand and 10.57+/-6.82 per thousand) than did the GG genotype (7.66+/-5.69 per thousand, P=0.015 and 0.038, respectively). The subjects with rs189037 GA and GA+AA genotypes exhibited significantly higher CBMN frequency (10.99+/-6.90 per thousand and 10.51+/-6.76 per thousand) than that of the GG genotype (7.72+/-5.82 per thousand, P=0.018 and 0.035, respectively). The PAH-exposed workers with rs624366 GC and GC+CC genotypes exhibited significantly higher CBMN frequency (11.34+/-6.74 per thousand and 10.73+/-6.62 per thousand) than did the GG genotype (7.61+/-6.07 per thousand, P=0.001 and 0.003, respectively). rs227092 GT genotype exhibited significantly higher CBMN frequency (10.78+/-6.60 per thousand) than did the GG genotype (7.91+/-6.30 per thousand, P=0.025) among the PAH-exposed workers. The haplotype pairs GGGGTGC/AAACATT exhibited significantly higher CBMN frequency (12.05+/-7.40 per thousand) than did the GGGGTGC/GGGGTGC (7.51+/-6.19 per thousand, P=0.007) among the PAH-exposed group. In conclusion, it is suggested that the polymorphisms of ATM were associated with the CBMN frequencies among PAH-exposed workers.
BACKGROUND: Limited studies have suggested that male reproductive function might be associated with exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). METHODS: Five hundred and thirteen idiopathic infertile male subjects and 273 fertile males as controls were recruited in this study, through eligibility screening procedures. Individual exposures to PAHs were measured as spot urinary concentrations of four PAH metabolites, including 1-hydroxynaphthalene (1-N), 2-hydroxynaphthalene (2-N), 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and 2-hydroxyfluorene (2-OHF), which were adjusted by urinary creatinine (CR). Subjects with idiopathic infertility were further divided into 'normal' and 'abnormal' semen quality groups based on their semen volume, sperm concentration, sperm number per ejaculum and sperm motility. RESULTS: The median CR-adjusted urinary concentrations of 1-N, 2-N, 1-OHP, 2-OHF and Sum PAH metabolites (sum of all four metabolites) of control group were lower than those found in case groups. Subjects with higher urinary concentrations of 1-OHP, 2-OHF and Sum PAH metabolites (assessed as tertiles) were more likely to have idiopathic male infertility (P-value for trend = 0.034, 0.022 and 0.022, respectively). Comparing the two groups of idiopathic infertile subjects with different semen quality, a higher idiopathic infertility risk was found in the group with abnormal semen quality. CONCLUSIONS: Increased urinary concentrations of 1-OHP, 2-OHF and Sum PAH metabolites were associated with increased male idiopathic infertility risks, while the idiopathic infertile subjects with abnormal semen might be at higher risk. 
OBJECTIVES: To assess exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) using 13 unmetabolised PAHs (U-PAHs) and 12 monohydroxy metabolites (OHPAHs) in urine, and to compare the utility of these biomarkers. METHODS: 55 male Polish coke oven workers collected urine spot samples after a workshift. U-PAHs (naphthalene, acenaphtylene, acenaphthene, fluorene, phenanthrene, anthracene, fluoranthene, pyrene, benzo[a]anthracene, chrysene, benzo[k]fluoranthene, benzo[b]fluoranthene, benzo[a]pyrene) were determined by automatic solid phase micro-extraction followed by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS). OHPAHs (1- and 2-hydroxynaphthalene, 2- and 9-hydroxyfluorene, 4-, 9-, 3-, 1- and 2-hydroxyphenanthrene, 1-hydroxypyrene, 6-hydroxychrysene, 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene) were determined, after liquid/liquid extraction and derivatisation, by GC/MS. RESULTS: U-PAHs from naphthalene to chrysene were found in 100% of samples, and heavier U-PAHs in 7-22% of samples. OHPAHs up to 1-hydroxypyrene were found in 100% of samples, while 6-hydroxychrysene and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene were always below the quantification limit. Median naphthalene, phenanthrene, pyrene, chrysene and benzo[a]anthracene levels were 0.806, 0.721, 0.020, 0.032 and 0.035 microg/l, while hydroxynaphthalenes, hydroxyphenanthrenes and 1-hydroxypyrene levels were 81.1, 18.9 and 15.4 microg/l. For each chemical, the ratio between U-PAH and the corresponding OHPAH ranged from 1:26 to 1:1000. Significant correlations between logged values of U-PAHs and OHPAHs, between U-PAHs, and between OHPAHs were found, with Pearson's r ranging from 0.27 to 0.97. CONCLUSION: Current analytical techniques allow specific and simultaneous measurement of several urinary determinants of PAHs in humans. The results of these measurements support the use of U-PAHs as biomarkers of exposure and suggest the spectrum of chemicals to be investigated, including carcinogenic chrysene and benzo[a]anthracene, should be widened. 
In a longitudinal cohort of approximately 700 children in New York City, the prevalence of asthma (>25%) is among the highest in the US. This high risk may in part be caused by transplacental exposure to traffic-related polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) but biomarkers informative of PAH-asthma relationships is lacking. We here hypothesized that epigenetic marks associated with transplacental PAH exposure and/or childhood asthma risk could be identified in fetal tissues. Mothers completed personal prenatal air monitoring for PAH exposure determination. Methylation sensitive restriction fingerprinting was used to analyze umbilical cord white blood cell (UCWBC) DNA of 20 cohort children. Over 30 DNA sequences were identified whose methylation status was dependent on the level of maternal PAH exposure. Six sequences were found to be homologous to known genes having one or more 5'-CpG island(s) (5'-CGI). Of these, acyl-CoA synthetase long-chain family member 3 (ACSL3) exhibited the highest concordance between the extent of methylation of its 5'-CGI in UCWBCs and the level of gene expression in matched fetal placental tissues in the initial 20 cohort children. ACSL3 was therefore chosen for further investigation in a larger sample of 56 cohort children. Methylation of the ACSL3 5'-CGI was found to be significantly associated with maternal airborne PAH exposure exceeding 2.41 ng/m(3) (OR = 13.8; p<0.001; sensitivity = 75%; specificity = 82%) and with a parental report of asthma symptoms in children prior to age 5 (OR = 3.9; p<0.05). Thus, if validated, methylated ACSL3 5'CGI in UCWBC DNA may be a surrogate endpoint for transplacental PAH exposure and/or a potential biomarker for environmentally-related asthma. This exploratory report provides a new blueprint for the discovery of epigenetic biomarkers relevant to other exposure assessments and/or investigations of exposure-disease relationships in birth cohorts. The results support the emerging theory of early origins of later life disease development.
A novel method for the simultaneous determination of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), beta-naphthol (beta-NAP) and 9-hydroxyphenanthrene (9-OHPe) in human urine has been established by using synchronous fluorescence spectrometry. It was based on the fact that synchronous fluorescence spectrometry can resolve the broad-band overlapping of conventional fluorescence spectra, which arise from their similar molecular structures. Only one single scan is needed for quantitative determination of three compounds simultaneously when Deltalambda=15nm is chosen. The signals detected at these three wavelengths, 369.6, 330.0 and 358.0nm, vary linearly when the concentration of 1-OHP, beta-NAP and 9-OHPe is in the range of 2.16x10(-8)-1.50x10(-5)molL(-1), 1.20x10(-7)-1.10x10(-5)molL(-1) and 1.07x10(-7)-3.50x10(-5)molL(-1), respectively. The correlation coefficients for the standard calibration graphs were 0.994, 0.999 and 0.997 (n=7) for 1-OHP, beta-NAP and 9-OHPe, respectively. The limits of detection (LOD) for 1-OHP, beta-NAP and 9-OHPe were 6.47x10(-9)molL(-1), 3.60x10(-8)molL(-1) and 3.02x10(-8)molL(-1)with relative standard deviations (R.S.D.) of 4.70-6.40%, 2.80-4.20%, 3.10-4.90% (n=6), respectively. The method described here had been applied to determine traces of 1-OHP, beta-NAP and 9-OHPe in human urine, and the obtained results were in good agreement with those obtained by the HPLC method. In addition, the interaction modes between beta-cyclodextrin (beta-CD) and 1-OHP, beta-NAP or 9-OHPe, as well as the mechanism of the fluorescence enhancement were also discussed.
Evidence supports active smoking as a major source of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), compounds that are mutagenic and carcinogenic in humans. The influence of involuntary exposure to tobacco smoke on PAH exposure levels among nonsmokers, however, is unknown. This study evaluated the association between both active and involuntary tobacco smoke and biomarkers of PAH exposure in the general U.S. population. A cross-sectional analysis of 5,060 participants>or=6 years of age was done using data from the 1999-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). PAH exposure was measured by urinary concentrations of 23 monohydroxylated metabolites of nine PAH compounds. Tobacco smoke exposure was defined as no exposure, involuntary exposure, and active exposure by combining serum cotinine levels, smoking status, and presence of household smokers. PAH metabolite levels ranged from 33.9 ng/L for 9-hydroxyphenanthrene to 2,465.4 ng/L for 2-hydroxynaphthalene. After adjustment for age, sex, race/ethnicity, education, household income, and broiled/grilled food consumption, participants involuntarily and actively exposed to tobacco smoke had urinary metabolite concentrations that were increased by a factor of 1.1 to 1.4 and 1.5 to 6.9, respectively, compared with unexposed participants. Associations for involuntary smoking were stronger and statistically significant for 1-hydroxypyrene, 2-hydroxyfluorene, 3-hydroxyfluorene, 9-hydroxyfluorene, 1-hydroxyphenanthrene, 2-hydroxyphenanthrene, and 3-hydroxyphenanthrene compared with other metabolites. Involuntary exposure to tobacco smoke was associated with elevated urinary concentrations of most PAH metabolites in a representative sample of the U.S. population. Policy and educational efforts must continue to minimize PAH exposure through active and involuntary tobacco smoke exposure.
We present an assay which employs enzyme digestion and solid phase extraction followed by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry to simultaneously quantify 16 hydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OHPAHs) in 3-ml samples of urine. The analytes consisted of 2-, 3-, and 4-ring OHPAHs, namely, 1- and 2-hydroxynaphthalene (1- and 2-OHNAP), 2-hydroxyfluorine (2-OHFLU), 1-, 2-, 3-, 4-, and 9-hydroxyphenanthrene (1-, 2-, 3-, 4-, and 9-OHPHE), 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHPYR), 1- and 2-hydroxybenzo(a)anthracene (1- and 2-OHBAA), 3- and 6-hydroxychrysene (3- and 6-OHCHR) and 3-, 7-, and 9-hydroxybenzo(a)pyrene (3-, 7-, and 9-OHBAP). The method was validated using urine samples from steel workers and control subjects. The coefficients of variation of the method for the particular analytes were between 7% and 27% and the limits of quantitation were between 0.002 and 0.010 microg/l urine. The 2- and 3-ring OHPAHs were easily quantified in all subjects. However, 1-OHPYR was the only representative of the 4- and 5-ring metabolites that could be quantified. Pairwise correlations showed that all OHPAHs were highly correlated with each other (0.553<or=r<or=0.910) and with 1-OHPYR (0.614<or=r<or=0.910), the metabolite most widely accepted as a short-term biomarker of exposure to PAHs. The analyte, 2-OHNAP exhibited the lowest pairwise correlations with the other OHPAHs (0.542<or=r<or=0.628), presumably due to confounding by smoking. Metabolites of phenanthrene, an abundant PAH and the smallest to possess a bay region, are promising OHPAHs for characterizing both exposures to PAHs and the various metabolic pathways.
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to explore the relationship between UGT1A7 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to chromosomal damage among polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH)-exposed workers. METHODS: Blood and urine samples of 140 PAH-exposed workers and 66 non-PAH-exposed workers were collected. The polymorphisms of UGT1A7, cytokinesis-block micronucleus (CBMN) and 1-hydroxypyrene were analyzed. RESULTS: UGT1A7 codon 208 Arg carriers exhibited significantly higher CBMN frequencies than did the Trp/Trp (P < 0.05). Stratification analysis revealed that the significant association between CBMN frequencies and the polymorphisms of UGT1A7 Asn129Lys, Arg131Lys, and Trp208Arg was most pronounced. Moreover, higher CBMN frequencies were found among subjects with *3 allele than those with *1 allele (P = 0.008) in younger PAH-exposed workers. CONCLUSION: Polymorphisms of UGT1A7 gene may alter the severity of PAH-induced chromosomal damage among the exposed workers. 
OBJECTIVES: We studied the uptake of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in nurses who apply ointments containing coal tar to patients and investigated the effectiveness of skin protection methods. METHODS: We determined gas-phase PAH on XAD-2 and particle-associated PAH on filters. We also used pads to determine PAH on the skin. Pyrene and benzo(a)pyrene were analyzed by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry and gas chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry; their respective urinary metabolites 1-hydroxypyrene and 3-hydroxybenzo(a)pyrene were analyzed using high performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection. RESULTS: We ruled out the inhalation of airborne pyrene and benzo(a)pyrene as the sources of PAH exposure. However, substantial amounts of pyrene and benzo(a)pyrene were observed on the hands of the nurses (median 33.0 and 16.4 ng/cm (2), respectively). Excretion of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene indicated an increased uptake of pyrene in 8 out of 12 nurses. We asked 35 nurses to perform a treatment with gloves followed by a second treatment without gloves. The use of gloves changed the excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene by -0.58 mumol (range -5.1-1.0 mumol), corresponding to a median reduction of 51.5% (P<0.001). Based on this finding, a new protocol was adopted, involving the permanent use of vinyl gloves and Tyvek sleeves. The effectiveness of this protocol was tested against pre-existing work practices and showed a 97% reduction in skin contamination with pyrene and benzo(a)pyrene, and a lowering in urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene of 57%. CONCLUSION: Protecting the skin more stringently reduced pyrene and benzo(a)pyrene contamination of the hands, and lowered urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene. 
BACKGROUND: Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) may increase breast cancer risk, and the association may be modified by inherited differences in deactivation of PAH intermediates by glutathione S-transferases (GSTs). Few breast cancer studies have investigated the joint effects of multiple GSTs and a PAH biomarker. OBJECTIVE: We estimated the breast cancer risk associated with multiple polymorphisms in the GST gene (GSTA1, GSTM1, GSTP1, and GSTT1) and the interaction with PAH-DNA adducts and cigarette smoking. METHODS: We conducted unconditional logistic regression using data from a population-based sample of women (cases/controls, respectively): GST polymorphisms were genotyped using polymerase chain reaction and matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight assays (n = 926 of 916), PAH-DNA adduct blood levels were measured by competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (n = 873 of 941), and smoking status was assessed by in-person questionnaires (n = 943 of 973). RESULTS: Odds ratios for joint effects on breast cancer risk among women with at least three variant alleles were 1.56 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.13-2.16] for detectable PAH-DNA adducts and 0.93 (95% CI, 0.56-1.56) for no detectable adducts; corresponding odds ratios for three or more variants were 1.18 (95% CI, 0.82-1.69) for ever smokers and 1.44 (95% CI, 0.97-2.14) for never smokers. Neither interaction was statistically significant (p = 0.43 and 0.62, respectively). CONCLUSION: We found little statistical evidence that PAHs interacted with GSTT1, GSTM1, GSTP1, and GSTA1 polymorphisms to further increase breast cancer risk. 
OBJECTIVES: To compare differences in pre- and post-shift urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1OHP) levels as a measure of internal dose of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) between two groups of oil production workers offshore assumed to be exposed to PAH, and to compare the exposed group to an unexposed control group. METHODS: Participants' (n = 42) urine samples, collected over a study period of three consecutive 12-h work days (pre-shift on the first day and post-shift on the third day), were analyzed using high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) with fluorescence detection. Analysis of covariance was used in the statistical models. RESULTS: (1) Post-shift 1OHP levels were significantly higher in the exposed workers compared to the controls. (2) Tank workers and process operators did not show statistically significant different post-shift 1OHP levels. CONCLUSION: Altogether, this study indicates the presence of a low level PAH exposure among offshore oil production workers. 
Tetrahydrobiopterin (BH(4)) cofactor loading is a standard procedure to differentiate defects of BH(4) metabolism from phenylalanine hydroxylase (PAH) deficiency. BH(4) responsiveness also exists in PAH-deficient patients with high residual PAH activity. Unexpectedly, single cases with presumed nil residual PAH activity have been reported to be BH(4) responsive, too. BH(4) responsiveness has been defined either by a >or=30% reduction of blood Phe concentration after a single BH(4) dose or by a decline greater than the individual circadian Phe level variation. Since both methods have methodological disadvantages, we present a model of statistical process control (SPC) to assess BH(4) responsiveness. Phe levels in 17 adult PKU patients of three phenotypic groups off diet were compared without and with three different single oral dosages of BH(4) applied in a double-blind randomized cross-over design. Results are compared for >or=30% reduction and SPC. The effect of BH(4) by >or=30% reduction was significant for groups (p < 0.01) but not for dose (p = 0.064), with no interaction of group with dose (p = 0.24). SPC revealed significant effects for group (p < 0.01) and the interaction for group with dose (p < 0.05) but not for dose alone (p = 0.87). After one or more loadings, seven patients would be judged to be BH(4) responsive either by the 30% criterion or by the SPC model, but only three by both. Results for patients with identical PAH genotype were not very consistent within (for different BH(4) doses) and between the two models. We conclude that a comparison of protein loadings without and with BH(4) combined with a standardized procedure for data analysis and decision would increase the reliability of diagnostic results.
We investigated the effect of chronic exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) on DNA methylation states (percentage of methylated cytosines (%mC)) in Polish male nonsmoking coke-oven workers and matched controls. Methylation states of gene-specific promoters (p53, p16, HIC1 and IL-6) and of Alu and LINE-1 repetitive elements, as surrogate measures of global methylation, were quantified by pyrosequencing in peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBLs). DNA methylation was evaluated in relation to PAH exposure, assessed by urinary 1-pyrenol and anti-benzo[a]pyrene diolepoxide (anti-B[a]PDE)-DNA adduct levels, a critical genetic damage from B[a]P. We also evaluated whether PAH-induced DNA methylation states were in turn associated with micronuclei in PBLs, an indicator of chromosomal instability.
An innovative and simple headspace solid-phase microextraction method using a novel diethoxydiphenylsilane fibre based on in situ derivatization with acetic anhydride was optimized and validated for the gas chromatography-mass spectrometry determination of some monohydroxy metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, namely 1-hydroxynaphthalene, 2-hydroxynaphtalene, 9-hydroxyfluorene, 2-hydroxyfluorene and 1-hydroxypyrene at trace levels in human urine. Enzymatic hydrolysis was applied before derivatization, whereas extraction conditions, i.e. the effects of time and temperature of extraction and salt addition were investigated by experimental design. Regression models and desirability functions were applied to find the experimental conditions providing the highest global extraction response. These conditions were found in correspondence of an extraction temperature of 90 degrees C, an extraction time of 90 min and 25% NaCl added to urine samples. The capabilities of the developed method were proved obtaining limit of quantitations in the 0.1-2 microg/l range, thus allowing the bio-monitoring of these compounds in human urine. A good precision was observed both in terms of intra-batch and inter-batch repeatability with RSD always lower than 14%. Recoveries ranging from 98(+/-3) to 121(+/-1)% and extraction yields higher than 72% were also obtained. Finally, the analysis of urine specimens of coke-oven workers revealed analytes' concentrations in the 2.2-164 microg/l range, proving the exposure to PAHs of the involved workers.
Coke oven workers are regularly exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and have a high risk for lung cancer. Limited evidence has demonstrated a direct link between exposure to PAHs and early genetic damage in exposed workers. The cytokinesis-block micronucleus (CBMN) cytome assay is a comprehensive system for measuring DNA damage and cytotoxicity. In the current study, we investigated different chromosomal damage endpoints including micronuclei (MN), nucleoplasmic bridges (NPBs) and nuclear buds (NBUDs), in 141 PAH-exposed subjects and 66 unexposed controls. The frequencies of MN, NPBs and NBUDs were all significantly higher in PAH-exposed workers than in controls (2.4-, 5-, and 3-fold, respectively). We further classified the PAH-exposed workers into different PAHs exposure groups based on their work positions on the oven and their urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and found that the frequencies of NPBs and NBUDs increased with the increasing level of both external and internal PAHs exposure levels. Similar trend was not found for MN due to the reduced MN frequency in the highest PAHs exposure group compared with the second highest PAHs exposure group. Using principal component analysis, we confirmed that the frequencies of NPBs and NBUDs are more sensitive to reflect the external or internal levels of PAHs exposure. In PAH-exposed subjects, NPB and NBUD frequencies were influenced by gender and females have lower frequencies of NPB and NBUD. Taken together, our observations indicate that NPBs and NBUDs are more sensitive and reliable biomarkers for genetic damages induced by PAHs and could potentially be used for the biomonitoring of genotoxin-exposed populations.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and DNA damage were analyzed in coke oven (n = 37), refractory (n = 96), graphite electrode (n = 26), and converter workers (n = 12), whereas construction workers (n = 48) served as referents. PAH exposure was assessed by personal air sampling during shift and biological monitoring in urine post shift (1-hydroxypyrene, 1-OHP and 1-, 2 + 9-, 3-, 4-hydroxyphenanthrenes, SigmaOHPHE). DNA damage was measured by 8-oxo-7,8-dihydro-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-oxodGuo) and DNA strand breaks in blood post shift. Median 1-OHP and SigmaOHPHE were highest in converter workers (13.5 and 37.2 microg/g crea). The industrial setting contributed to the metabolite concentrations rather than the air-borne concentration alone. Other routes of uptake, probably dermal, influenced associations between air-borne concentrations and levels of PAH metabolites in urine making biomonitoring results preferred parameters to assess exposure to PAH. DNA damage in terms of 8-oxo-dGuo and DNA strand breaks was higher in exposed workers compared to referents ranking highest for graphite-electrode production. The type of industry contributed to genotoxic DNA damage and DNA damage was not unequivocally associated to PAH on the individual level most likely due to potential contributions of co-exposures.
We present a novel approach to improve the analytical figures of merit of solid-phase extraction high-performance liquid chromatography (SPE-HPLC) for the analysis of monohydroxy-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine samples. The novel alternative substitutes the evaporation step that is currently used in SPE-HPLC methodology with a pre-concentration procedure that extracts metabolites with gold nanoparticles. The analytical potential of the new approach is evaluated with the following six metabolites: 9-hydroxyphenanthrene, 2-hydroxyfluorene, 1-hydroxypyrene, 6-hydroxychrysene, 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene and 4-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene. We demonstrate that the substitution of the evaporation step with the gold nanoparticles procedure improves the overall recoveries, the relative standard deviations of the average recoveries and the limits of detection of SPE-HPLC analysis. The overall recoveries of the studied metabolites varied from 59.7 +/- 3.6% (2-hydroxyfluorene) to 92.3 +/- 2.5% (6-hydroxychrysene). The relative standard deviations of the average recoveries were lower than 6%. The limits of detection were at the parts-per-trillion levels and varied from approximately 2 pg mL(-1) (6-hydroxychrysene) to approximately 18 pg mL(-1) (2-hydroxyfluorene).
The study describes the determination of mono-hydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAHs), metabolites of PAHs, in human hair. Twelve selected OH-PAHs from two to four rings, generally determined in urine analysis, were investigated as markers of human exposure to PAHs. Following hydrolysis of hair specimens of 50-300 mg with 1M NaOH, OH-PAHs were extracted using dichloromethane and submitted to an optimized derivatization with (2S,4R)-N-heptafluorobutyryl-4-heptafluorobutoyloxy-prolyl chloride. Compounds were then analyzed using gas chromatography-negative chemical ionization mass spectrometry (GC-NCIMS). The average inter-day and intra-day variability was 12% and 17%, respectively. The average recovery was 52% and the limits of detection and quantification ranged from 20 and 66 pmol/g for 1-OH-phenanthrene (i.e., 3.9 and 12.8 pg/mg) to 311 and 1030 pmol/g for 2-OH-benzo(c)phenanthrene (i.e., 75.9 and 251 pg/mg). The influence of hair washing with water as decontamination step, and enzymatic treatment (beta-glucuronidase) to hydrolyze conjugated derivatives were also tested. The application of the developed method to the analysis of 30 hair specimens (17 from non-smoker and 13 from smoker volunteers) demonstrated inter-individual qualitative and quantitative variations. According to the easiness of hair sampling and based on the extended detection windows provided by hair analysis, this method is proposed as a new promising tool for the assessment of human chronic exposure to PAHs.
Airborne emissions from hot asphalt contain mixtures of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), including several carcinogens. We investigated urinary biomarkers of three PAHs, namely naphthalene (Nap), phenanthrene (Phe), and pyrene (Pyr) in 20 road-paving workers exposed to hot asphalt and in 6 road milling workers who were not using hot asphalt (reference group). Our analysis included baseline urine samples as well as postshift, bedtime, and morning samples collected over three consecutive days. We measured unmetabolized Nap (U-Nap) and Phe (U-Phe) as well as the monohydroxylated metabolites of Nap (OH-Nap), Phe (OH-Phe), and Pyr (OH-Pyr) in each urine sample. In baseline samples, no significant differences in biomarker levels were observed between pavers and millers, suggesting similar background exposures. In postshift, bedtime, and morning urine samples, the high pairwise correlations observed between levels of all biomarkers suggest common exposure sources. Among pavers, levels of all biomarkers were significantly elevated in postshift samples, indicating rapid uptake and elimination of PAHs following exposure to hot asphalt (biomarker levels were not elevated among millers). Results from linear mixed-effects models of levels of U-Nap, U-Phe, OH-Phe, and OH-Pyr across pavers showed significant effects of work assignments with roller operators having lower biomarker levels than the other workers. However, no work-related effect was observed for levels of OH-Nap, apparently due to the influence of cigarette smoking. Biological half-lives, estimated from regression coefficients for time among pavers, were 8 h for U-Phe, 10 h for U-Nap, 13 h for OH-Phe and OH-Pyr, and 26 h for OH-Nap. These results support the use of U-Nap, U-Phe, OH-Phe, and OH-Pyr, but probably not OH-Nap, as short-term biomarkers of exposure to PAHs emanating from hot asphalt.
Most of the general populations are exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) at different levels. A limited number of studies have suggested that PAHs exposure may be associated with semen quality. To examine the association of four PAH metabolites, 1-hydroxynapthalene (1-N), 2-hydroxynapthalene (2-N), 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and 2-hydroxyfluorene (2-OHF) with altered semen quality, 542 subjects were recruited through the clinic following strict eligibility screening. Using LC-MS/MS, individual exposures were measured as spot urinary concentrations of PAH metabolites adjusted by creatinine (CR). Semen quality was assessed by semen volume, sperm concentration, sperm number per ejaculum, and sperm motility. First, we confirmed the variability of PAH metabolites in human urine. Our results showed that the median CR-adjusted concentrations of 1-N, 2-N, 1-OHP, 2-OHF were 2.35, 4.05, 1.14, and 2.89 microg/g of CR, respectively. Significant P-values for trend were found that men with higher 1-OHP (assessed as quintiles) were more likely to have below-reference sperm concentration and sperm number per ejaculum. These results indicate that PAHs exposure might be related to altered human semen quality.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are products of the incomplete combustion of organic materials, and they occur ubiquitously in the environment. They are also present in tobacco smoke. Some PAH have been classified as carcinogens; therefore, it is important to develop and assess suitable biomarkers for PAH exposure. A high-performance liquid chromatographic method with fluorescence detection was developed to determine 1- and 2-hydroxynaphthalene (1- and 2-OH-Nap), 2-hydroxyfluorene (2-OH-Flu), 2-/3-hydroxyphenanthrene (2-/3-OH-Phe), 1-/9-hydroxyphenanthrene (1-/9-OH-Phe), and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH-Pyr) in human urine. The method is sensitive (LOQ ranging from 0.01 ng/mL for 1-OH-Pyr to 1 ng/mL for the naphthols), precise (interday precision ranging from 1.4 to 6.9%), and accurate (97-106%). The method was applied to 108 urine samples from 25 nonsmokers and 83 smokers. Smokers excreted significantly higher amounts of 1-OH-Nap (16.1 vs. 2.9 microg/24 h), 2-OH-Nap (20.9 vs. 9.7 microg/24 h), 2-OH-Flu (1.87 vs. 0.75 microg/24 h), 2-/3-OH-Phe (0.73 vs. 0.50 microg/24 h), 1-/9-OH-Phe (0.66 vs. 0.35 microg/24 h), and 1-OH-Pyr (0.36 vs. 0.20 microg/24 h) compared to nonsmokers. In conclusion, the method is suitable for discriminating PAH exposure between different ISO tar yield cigarette smokers, and it may be applicable in evaluating future potential reduced exposure tobacco products.
The fetus is more susceptible than the adult to the effects of certain carcinogens, such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). Nutritional factors, including antioxidants, have been shown to have a protective effect on carcinogen-DNA adducts and cancer risk in adults. We investigated whether the effect of prenatal airborne PAH exposure, measured by personal air monitoring during pregnancy, on the level of PAH-DNA adducts in a baby's cord blood is modified by the concentration of micronutrients in maternal and cord blood. The micronutrients examined were: retinol (vitamin A), alpha-tocopherol and gamma-tocopherol (vitamin E), and carotenoids. With the use of multiple linear regression, we found a significant interaction between prenatal PAH exposure and cord blood concentration of alpha-tocopherol and carotenoids in predicting the concentration of PAH adducts in cord blood. The association between PAH exposure and PAH adducts was much stronger among those with low alpha-tocopherol (beta = 0.15; P = 0.001) and among those with low carotenoids (beta = 0.16; P < 0.001) compared with babies with high levels of these micronutrients (among those with high alpha-tocopherol: beta = 0.05; P = 0.165; among those with high carotenoids: beta = 0.06; P = 0.111). These results suggest a protective effect of micronutrients on the DNA damage and potential cancer risk associated with prenatal PAH exposure.
BACKGROUND: An increase in immunoglobulin (Ig) A isotype directed against benzo(a)pyrene (BP) structure has previously been described in sera of cancer patients. In this study, new polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) conjugates were synthesized in order to more closely mimic the endogenous ligands of the cytosolic aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR). PAH [benzo(a)pyrene; 1,2-benzanthracene; dibenz[a,c]anthracene; 7,12-dimethylbenza[a]anthracene; benzo(ghi)perylene] were bound to protein carriers such as bovine serum albumin (BSA) via N-acetyl-cysteine (NAC). METHODS: The levels of circulating antibodies (Abs) directed against PAH-NAC conjugates in the sera of cancer patients were evaluated using an Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA) with these new conjugates. The avidity (IC(50)) and specificity of these circulating Abs were assessed via competition experiments. RESULTS: An increase in Ig directed against these PAH-NAC conjugates was found in the sera of cancer patients, irrespective of the state and stage of the tumors. These Ig were principally of the A isotype. Sera from cancer patients had significantly higher optical density (OD) ranges than the controls, p<0.0001. The ELISA test for breast cancer (n=155) and ovarian cancer (n=62) identified 82% and 92% of positive patients, respectively. The percentage positive in the control group (n=60) was around 5%. Moreover, competition experiments with the different PAH-NAC conjugates and NAC-BSA revealed an estimated avidity of 10(-6)M for the circulating IgA antibodies. CONCLUSIONS: The Abs discriminated between the different PAH-NAC conjugates and NAC-BSA. Therefore, these Abs recognize a carcinogenic PAH-NAC structure and not only a BP structure. These markers may be useful in the future for monitoring cancer evolution and recurrence. 
In this study we have investigated protein changes in plasma of juvenile Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua) induced by crude North Sea oil and North Sea oil spiked with alkyl phenols and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, a surrogate produced water composition. Using a proteomic approach, we identified 137 differentially expressed proteins at different levels of crude oil exposure. Many of the induced protein changes occurred at low levels of exposure. The results obtained with protein expression profiles after exposure to oil and surrogate produced water indicate effects on fibrinolysis and the complement cascade, the immune system, fertility-linked proteins, bone resorption, fatty acid metabolism as well as increased oxidative stress, impaired cell mobility and increased levels of proteins associated with apoptosis. Although the number of individuals and samples in this study is limited within each treatment group, the protein changes observed in this study represent a first screening for potential biomarker candidates in cod plasma reflecting potential effects of crude oil and produced water exposure on fish.
Urinary mono-hydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAHs) are commonly used in biomonitoring to assess exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). Similar to other biologically non-persistent chemicals, OH-PAHs have relatively short biological half-lives (4.4-35 h). Little information is available on their variability in urinary concentrations over time in non-occupationally exposed subjects. This study was designed to (i) examine the variability of nine urinary OH-PAH metabolite concentrations over time and (ii) calculate sample size requirements for future epidemiological studies on the basis of spot urine, first-morning void, and 24-h void sampling. Individual urine samples (n=427) were collected during 1 week from 8 non-occupationally exposed adults. We recorded the time and volume of each urine excretion, dietary details, and driving activities of the participants. Within subjects, the coefficients of variation (CVs) for the wet-weight concentration of OH-PAHs in all samples ranged from 45% to 297%; creatinine adjustment reduced the CV to 19-288% (P<0.001; paired t-test). The simulated 24-h void concentrations were the least variable measure, with CVs ranging from 13% to 182% for the 9 OH-PAHs. Within-day variability contributed on average 84%, and between-day variability accounted for 16% of the total variance of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-PYR). Intraclass correlation coefficients of 1-PYR levels were 0.55 for spot urine samples, 0.65 [corrected] for first-morning voids, and 0.77 [corrected] for 24-h voids, indicating a high degree of correlation between urine measurements collected from the same subject over time. Sample size calculations were performed to estimate the number of subjects required for detecting differences in the geometric mean at a statistical power of 80% for spot urine, first-morning, and 24-h void sampling. These data will aid in the design of future studies of PAHs and possibly other biologically non-persistent chemicals and in the interpretation of their analytical results.
With expanding oil and gas activities into the Arctic region, there is a need to evaluate the induction capacity of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) biomarkers on Arctic marine organisms and to test analytical methods that have been optimized for their temperate counterparts. Polar cod Boreogadus saida were injected intraperitoneally with cod liver oil (solvent control), 6.6+/-3.7, 85+/-48 or 378+/-190 microg kg(-1) wet weight of benzo(a)pyrene (B(a)P), or not injected (control), and liver and bile were sampled at 0 and 16 h and 1, 2, 4 and 7d. The mRNA expression of cytochrome P4501A1 (cyp1a1) and glutathione S-transferase (gst) genes showed a dose-dependent induction in the first 16 h following the injection and a return to basal levels after 4d. The aryl hydrocarbon receptor 2, however, showed no change in mRNA expression. The protein quantification of cytochrome P4501A (CYP1A), through Western blot analysis and the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), presented similar but weaker and time-delayed responses (4-7d) compared to the gene (16 h to 2d). Ethoxyresorufin O-deethylase (EROD) and glutathione S-transferase (GST) activities increased significantly at day 7 following the gene induction and increase in protein levels. Overall, these biomarkers showed dose-dependent but weak responses to B(a)P and low levels of bile metabolites. The mRNA expressions of oxidative stress genes, superoxide dismutases (sod(Cu/Zn) and sod(Mn)), catalase (cat) and glutathione peroxidase (gpx), were all up-regulated between 16 h and 2d of B(a)P exposure with cat (72-fold) and sod(Cu/Zn) (20-fold) giving the strongest responses in the highest dose. Finally, CAT protein level and enzyme activities showed less clear responses than the genes. The mRNA expression showed the earliest responses, followed by the protein levels. The enzymatic activities were the least sensitive and responded to the exposure after 7d. The study shows the induction capability of biomarkers in polar cod at very low bioavailable doses of B(a)P and provides new information on the selected biomarkers for use in oil monitoring in the Arctic.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) is associated with an increased risk of urothelial carcinoma (UC). FGFR3 is found mutated in about 70% of Ta tumors, which represent the major group at diagnosis. The influence of PAH on FGFR3 mutations and whether it is related to the emergence or shaping of these mutations is not yet known. We investigated the influence of occupational PAH on the frequency and spectrum of FGFR3 mutations. We included on 170 primary urothelial tumors from five hospitals from France. Patients (median age, 64 yr) were interviewed to gather data on occupational exposure to PAH, revealing 104 non- and possibly PAH exposed patients, 66 probably and definitely exposed patients. Tumors were classified as follows: 75 pTa, 52 pT1, and 43 > or =pT2. Tumor grades were as follows: 6 low malignant potential neoplasms (LMPN) and 41 low-grade and 123 high-grade carcinomas. The SnaPshot method was used to screen for the following FGFR3 mutations: R248C, S249C, G372C, Y375C, A393E, K652E, K652Q, K652M, and K652T. Occupational PAH exposure was not associated with a particular stage or grade of tumors. Thirty-nine percent of the tumors harbored FGFR3 mutations. After adjustment for smoking, occupational exposure to PAH did not influence the frequency [OR, 1.10; 95% CI, 0.78-1.52], or spectrum of FGFR3 mutations. Occupational exposure to PAH influenced neither the frequency nor the spectrum of FGFR3 mutations and there was no direct relationship between these mutations and this occupational hazard.
In this manuscript, we present a simple and reliable method for the quantitation of para-aminohippuric acid (PAH; 2-(4-aminobenzamido)acetic acid) in human plasma and urine using liquid chromatography coupled to electrospray ionisation low-energy collision-induced dissociation tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC-ESI-CID-MS/MS) analysis (negative ion mode) via multiple reaction monitoring (MRM). Sample preparation involved protein precipitation of plasma samples with acetonitrile and subsequent dilution of urine samples with the mobile phase. The internal standard (IS) adopted was para-aminosalicylic acid (PAS; 4-amino-2-hydroxybenzoic acid). Chromatographic separation was achieved on a Cosmosil HILIC column using an isocratic mobile phase consisting of ammonium acetate buffer (20mM) and acetonitrile (45:55, v/v) at a flow rate of 200microl/min. The transactions monitored were m/z 192.9-->149.1 for PAH and m/z 152.1-->108.1 for IS. Linear calibration curves were generated over the PAH concentration range of 0.2-100mg/L in human plasma and urine. The method was validated for selectivity, accuracy, precision, recovery and stability according to USFDA criteria, and has been successfully applied to a pharmacokinetic study in healthy volunteers administered an intravenous dose of 440mg PAH.
A fast method for the measurement of metabolites of pyrene in urine was improved by HPLC with fluorescence detector using "heart-cut" technique. This method can quantify the total amount of pyrene metabolites corresponding to glucuronic acid and sulfate conjugates as well as free 1-OH-Py. The hydrolyzed biological fluid was directly injected into the chromatographic system, via a column-switching system. Pre-treatment and analysis were performed within 0.5 and 9 min, respectively. Enzymatic hydrolysis has been optimized to not exceed 2 h. The best response function, in the 0.2-10 ng/mL range, is the linear regression, bringing simplicity, good accuracy, and low LOQ. The intra- and interday precision values were inferior to 1 and 2%, respectively. The proposed method provided a simple, convenient, and practical procedure to determine the level of the main urinary pyrene metabolites in biological samples.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are ubiquitous global pollutants. Limited studies suggested that PAH may interfere with thyroid function in animals, but little is known about humans. A population of 480 Chinese males was recruited. Using LC-MS/MS, four urinary metabolites of PAH including 1-hydroxynaphthalene (1-N), 2-hydroxynaphthalene (2-N), 1-hydroxypyrene (1-P) and 2-hydroxyfluorene (2-F) were measured in spot urinary samples, which were adjusted by urinary creatinine (CR). Blood samples were collected for measuring serum levels of thyroid hormones including total thyroxine (TT4), free triiodothyronine (FT3), free thyroxine (FT4) and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). The median CR-adjusted urine PAH concentrations of 1-N, 2-N, 1-P, 2-F were 2.306, 4.047, 1.155 and 2.899 microg g(-1) of CR, respectively. Significant p-values for trend were found for men with higher 2-F tertiles and were more likely to possess high-reference TSH levels. In addition, the multivariate linear regression models showed significant positive correlations for TSH levels with increased CR-adjusted 2-F concentration. No significant associations were found between other thyroid hormones levels and PAH metabolite concentrations. These results indicated that PAH exposure might be related to altered male thyroid hormone levels, but further study is needed to confirm these observed findings.
BACKGROUND: Artificial sports fields are increasingly being used for sports. Recycled rubber from automotive and truck scrap rubber tires are used as an infill material for football grounds. There are concerns that football players may be at risk due to exposure from released compounds from rubber infill. Compounds from crumb infill may be inhaled and dermal exposure may occur. A study was performed to assess the exposure of football players to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons due to sporting on synthetic ground with rubber crumb infill. METHODS: In this study, football players were trained and had a match on the artificial turf pitch during 2.5 h. They had an intensive skin contact with rubber infill. All urine of seven nonsmoking football players was collected over a 3-day period, the day before sporting, the day of sporting and the day after sporting. Urine samples were analyzed for 1-hydroxypyrene. Confounding exposure from environmental sources and diet was controlled for. RESULTS: The individual increase of the amount of excretion over time was used as a measure to assess the uptake of PAH. It appeared that the baseline of excreted 1-hydroxypyrene in 4 of 7 volunteers was sufficient stable and that 1 volunteer out of 4 showed after the 2.5-h period of training and match on the playground an increase in hydroxypyrene in urine. However, concomitant dietary uptake of PAH by this volunteer was observed. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides evidence that uptake of PAH by football players active on artificial grounds with rubber crumb infill is minimal. If there is any exposure, than the uptake is very limited and within the range of uptake of PAH from environmental sources and/or diet. 
The association of 9 urinary monohydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAHs) with serum C-reactive protein (CRP) was investigated using the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2003-2004. The unweighted number of participants included was 999, which represented 139,362,776 persons in the non-institutionalized US population. In adjusted logistic regressions, two OH-PAHs, 2-hydroxyphenanthrene and 9-hydroxyfluorene, were associated with elevated CRP (>3mg/l). Logistic regressions were adjusted for age, gender, race, exercise, body mass index, smoking status, diabetes, and hypertension. 2-Hydroxyphenanthrene >148ng/g creatinine had an odds ratio of 3.17 (95% CI 1.73-5.81) compared to 2-hydroxyphenanthrene < or =48ng/g creatinine, and 9-hydroxyfluorene >749ng/g creatinine had an odds ratio of 2.28 (95% CI 1.08-4.83) compared to 9-hydroxyfluorene < or =160ng/g creatinine. Intermediate levels of 2-hydroxyphenanthrene (49-148ng/g creatinine), and 9-hydroxyfluorene (161-749ng/g creatinine) were also significantly associated with elevated CRP compared to the respective reference categories. In a combined analysis, OH-PAHs were classified as low, medium, and high. Low OH-PAH was 2-hydroxyphenanthrene < or =48ng/g creatinine and 9-hydroxyfluorene < or =160ng/g creatinine. High OH-PAH was 2-hydroxyphenanthrene >148ng/g creatinine or 9-hydroxyfluorene >749ng/g creatinine. Participants not assigned to the low or high categories were classified as having medium OH-PAH concentrations. Compared to the low OH-PAH group, high OH-PAH had an odds ratio of 3.60 (95% CI 2.01-6.46) in an adjusted logistic regression. Given that inflammation (characterized here by CRP) is an important factor in the development of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease, these results suggest a role for OH-PAHs in the progression of atherosclerosis.
Urinary 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) is considered a noninvasive marker for oxidative stress and also a marker of carcinogenic potential for compounds such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). Although human studies have investigated urinary 8-OHdG concentrations in PAH-exposed workers and the general population, the background level and excretion kinetics of urinary 8-OHdG in humans remain unclear. Two feeding experiments (consumption of barbecued meat of 15 and 30 g/kg for Experiments 1 and 2, respectively) were conducted to examine the excretion characteristics of urinary 8-OHdG. All urine voided over 7 days was collected, but only first morning (approximately 8 A.M.) and last afternoon (approximately 5 P.M.) samples were analyzed for 8-OHdG. Mean background urinary 8-OHdG concentration was 4.76 microg/g creatinine. Statistically significant increases (P < 0.05) in urinary 8-OHdG concentration were observed on the afternoon of the 3rd and 2nd days after barbecued meat consumption for Experiments 1 and 2, respectively. A pattern of diurnal fluctuation (P < 0.05) in 8-OHdG excretion rate was evident, in that the excretion of 8-OHdG was faster during the night than during the day. Additionally, significant (P < 0.05) and strong (r > 0.6) correlations were found between urinary 8-OHdG measured 2-3 days after exposure to barbecued meat, and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and 3-hydroxy-benzo[a]pyrene (3-OHBaP) concentrations measured within a half day after such exposure. The current results demonstrate a lag in excretion of urinary 8-OHdG relative to 1-OHP and 3-PHBaP after dietary PAH exposure. These relationships highlight the importance of sampling time when assessing PAH-related DNA lesions through urinary 8-OHdG.
Two novel, non-destructive assays were developed to evaluate contaminant-induced lipid peroxidation (thiobarbituric acid-reacting substances, TBARS, levels) and haem biosynthesis disruption (porphyrin excretion) in decapod crabs. A laboratory experiment was conducted whereby pie-crust crabs (Cancer novaezelandiae) were fed cockles (Austrovenus stutchburyi) collected from a contaminated and reference site and TBARS levels and porphyrin excretion determined using fluorometric analysis in urine samples. Pyrene metabolite levels were also measured in the same urine samples to assess polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure. Contaminant-exposed crabs exhibited elevated urinary TBARS and porphyrin levels and a strong correlation was found between these two assays and the urinary pyrene metabolite concentrations. However, there was large within-treatment variability, which precluded a clear separation between the control and the impacted group. Nevertheless, consistency in the direction of the response shows that the biomarkers reflect pollutant levels and validates the use of these simple techniques from human medicine for environmental assessments.
PURPOSE: Biological monitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) has expanded rapidly since urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) was suggested as a biological index for pyrene. Taking into account that pyrene is often present in PAHs mixtures, 1-OHP has also been considered an indirect indicator of exposure to these mixtures. Sources of PAHs in developing countries are numerous; however, exposure of children to PAHs has not been studied in detail. Therefore, the aim of this study was to assess exposure of children to PAHs in different scenarios: (a) children living next to highways with heavy traffic; (b) sanitary landfill; (c) brick kiln communities and (d) children exposed to biomass combustion. METHODS: A total of 258 children (aged 3-13) participated in the study. The analyses were performed by HPLC with fluorescence detector. Urinary 1-OHP concentrations were then adjusted by urinary creatinine. RESULTS: The highest levels of 1-OHP in this study were found in children exposed to biomass combustion (mean value 3.25 micromol/mol creatinine), but exposure was also detected in children living in communities with brick kiln industry (mean 0.35 micromol/mol creatinine), or in a community next to a sanitary landfill (with waste combustion) (0.30 micromol/mol creatinine) and in children exposed to traffic (mean value 0.2 micromol/mol creatinine and 0.08 micromol/mol creatinine). CONCLUSIONS: Considering our results and taking into account that millions of children in Mexico are living in scenarios similar to those studied in this work, the assessment of health effects in children exposed to PAHs is urgently needed; furthermore, PAHs have to be declared contaminants of concern at a national level. 
Shorter telomere length (TL) in peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBLs) is predictive of lung cancer risk. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are established lung carcinogens that cause chromosome instability. Whether PAH exposure and its molecular effects are linked with shorter TL has never been evaluated. In the present study, we investigated the effect of chronic exposure to PAHs on TL measured in PBLs of Polish male non-current smoking cokeoven workers and matched controls. PAH exposure and molecular effects were characterized using measures of internal dose (urinary 1-pyrenol), effective dose [anti-benzo[a]pyrene diolepoxide (anti-BPDE)-DNA adduct], genetic instability (micronuclei, MN) and DNA methylation [p53 promoter and Alu and long interspersed nuclear element-1 (LINE-1) repetitive elements, as surrogate measures of global methylation] in PBLs. TL was measured by real-time polymerase chain reaction. Cokeoven workers were heavily exposed to PAHs (79% exceeded the urinary 1-pyrenol biological exposure index) and exhibited lower TL (P = 0.038) than controls, as well as higher levels of genetic and chromosomal alterations [i.e. anti-BPDE-DNA adduct and MN (P < 0.0001)] and epigenetic changes [i.e. p53 gene-specific promoter and global methylation (P <or= 0.001)]. TL decreased with longer duration of work as cokeoven worker (P = 0.039) and in all subjects with higher levels of anti-BPDE-DNA adduct (P = 0.042), p53 hypomethylation (P = 0.005) and MN (P = 0.009). In multivariate analysis, years of work in cokery (P = 0.008) and p53 hypomethylation (P = 0.001) were the principal determinants of shorter TL. Our results indicate that shorter TL is associated with chronic PAH exposure. The interrelations with other genetic and epigenetic mechanisms in our data suggest that shorter TL could be a central event in PAH carcinogenesis.
OBJECTIVES: To assess dermal exposure to 16 polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in asphalt workers by applying polypropylene pads to six body sites (neck, shoulder, upper arm, wrist, groin, ankle), to identify the compounds and exposure sites most representative, and to integrate dermal exposure results with environmental and biological data. METHODS: Twenty-four asphalt workers were recruited. Dermal exposure was assessed during a single work shift. Sixteen PAHs (from naphthalene to indeno[1,2,3-cd]pyrene) were quantified via gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Airborne exposure, urinary PAHs and monohydroxy metabolites were also investigated. RESULTS: Phenanthrene (PHE), present in all samples, was the most abundant compound (median 0.805-1.825 ng/cm(2)). Benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) was present in 75% of the samples (0.046-0.101 ng/cm(2)). Wrist had the highest contamination, with median PHE, pyrene (PYR), and BaP concentrations of 1.825, 0.527, and 0.063 ng/cm(2). PHE and PYR on wrist correlated with almost all 3- to 4-ring PAHs (0.405< or =r< or =0.856), but not with BaP; BaP correlated with almost all 4- to 6- ring PAHs (0.584< or =r< or =0.633). Significant correlations were observed between PHE level, airborne exposure, and the corresponding urinary PHE and monohydroxy metabolites. For PYR, significant correlations existed only between urinary PYR and monohydroxy metabolites. Multiple linear regression analysis revealed that 42% of the end-of-shift monohydroxy metabolites were the result of airborne exposure, dermal exposure, and baseline levels of biomarkers. CONCLUSIONS: Dermal exposure to PAHs was in the low ng/cm(2) range. PHE or PYR and BaP were the most representative compounds and the wrist was the best location to perform dermal exposure assessments. Both dermal and airborne exposure contributed to the total body burden of PAHs, though the relative contribution was analyte-dependent. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the utility of urinary 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene (3-OH-B[a]P) as a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in various environmental exposure scenarios alongside the more usually studied 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH-Pyr). METHODS: Two groups of 15 and 10 non smoking, healthy men and women, were exposed for approximately 6h to ambient air at two outdoor locations close to metallurgical industries, and at one indoor location in an urban setting. Atmospheric measurements of 16 "priority" PAHs were carried out during each exposure. Urinary 1-OH-Pyr and 3-OH-B[a]P were also analysed, samples being taken the morning before exposure, at the end of exposure, then 4 and 15 h after the end of exposure. Urinary 1-OH-Pyr and 3-OH-B[a]P were analysed using high performance liquid chromatograph with fluorescence detection. Limits of detection (LOD) were 0.092 nmol/L and 0.28 pmol/L for 1-OH-Pyr and 3-OH-B[a]P respectively. RESULTS: Average ambient air concentrations varied from 0.27 to 2.87 ng/m(3) for pyrene, 0.04 to 1.20 ng/m(3) for B[a]P, and from 70.0 to 910.6 ng/m(3) for the sum of the 16 PAH (SigmaPAHs). Concentrations of 1-OH-Pyr were not correlated with atmospheric concentrations of PAHs to which subjects were exposed, nor with the concentrations of 3-OH-B[a]P. Nearly 80% of measurements of 3-OH-B[a]P were lower than the LOD and no relationship between atmospheric concentrations and urinary metabolites was observable. However, the percentage of post-exposure values of 3-OH-B[a]P greater than the LOD increased significantly with the median of atmospheric concentrations of Pyr, B[a]P and SigmaPAH at the different sites (test of linear trend, p<0.02 in all cases). CONCLUSION: Although we used very sensitive techniques for the measurements of urinary metabolites, especially for 3-OH-B[a]P, neither 1-OH-Pyr nor 3-OH-B[a]P were an unequivocal biomarker of exposure to atmospheric PAHs in environmental exposure scenarios relevant to the general population. It would be interesting to investigate other urinary monohydroxy PAH metabolites in this context. 
A limited number of studies have suggested that exposure to PAHs may affect reproductive hormones. Subjects (n=642) in this study were from the affiliated hospitals of Nanjing Medical University. Individual exposures to PAHs were measured as spot urinary concentrations of four PAH metabolites, including 1-naphthol (1-N), 2-naphthol (2-N), 2-hydroxyfluorene (2-OF) and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OP), which were adjusted by urinary creatinine (CR). Blood samples were collected to measure serum levels of reproductive hormones, including follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), luteotrophic hormone (LH), estradiol (E2), testosterone (T) and prolactin (PRL). All of the subjects had detectable levels of the four metabolites of PAHs in their urine samples. The median concentrations of 1-N, 2-N, 2-OF and 1-OP were 2.440, 4.176, 2.843 and 1.148 microg/g of CR. There were significant P-values between increased CR-adjusted 1-N tertiles and E2 concentration, 2-OF tertiles and LH, FSH level, 1-OP and E2 level. The multivariate linear regression results also showed significant correlation between the levels of serum LH and 1-OP (the adjusting P-value was 0.048), but no correlations were found between other hormones and the level of PAH metabolites. These observed correlations between levels of hydroxy-PAH and some altered hormones indicated slight endocrine effects on adult men with PAH exposure.
In an attempt to develop blood lymphocyte cytochrome P450 expression profile as a surrogate to monitor tissue enzyme, the present study aimed to identify the expression and regulation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) responsive CYPs in freshly prepared rat blood lymphocytes. Semi-quantitative and RT-PCR studies demonstrated constitutive and inducible mRNA expression of CYP1A1, 1A2, 1B1 isoenzymes and the associated transcription factors, aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) and AhR translocator (ARNT) in blood lymphocytes. Absolute quantification using RT-PCR revealed several fold lower basal expression of CYP1A1, 1A2 and 1B1 in lymphocytes when compared to the liver. However, significant increase in the mRNA expression of these isoenzymes as well as AhR and ARNT in lymphocytes following pretreatment with 3-methylcholanthrene (MC) have demonstrated that responsiveness is retained in the blood lymphocytes, though the magnitude of increase is several fold lower when compared to liver. This increase in the mRNA expression was found to be associated with an increase in the protein expression of CYP1A1 and 1A2 in blood lymphocytes. Further, CYPs expressed in blood lymphocytes catalysed the O-dealkylation of 7-ethoxy- and 7-methoxyresorufins (ER or MR), though the reactivity was several fold lower in lymphocytes when compared to the liver enzyme. Our data providing quantitative evidence for similarities in the regulation of PAH-regulated CYP in uncultured and non-mitogen stimulated blood lymphocytes with the liver enzyme has led us to suggest that blood lymphocytes could be used as a surrogate to monitor tissue expression of CYPs.
The method of stagnation point optical reflectometry was applied for investigation of adsorption of bovine serum albumin (BSA) on previously formed poly(allylamine hydrochloride)/poly(sodium 4-styrenesulphonate) (PAH/PSS) multilayer with PAH being a terminal layer. The solid substrate was silica in the form of silicon wafers carrying an oxide layer. In order to interpret the adsorption of BSA, the build-up mechanism of PAH/PSS multilayers was examined with special emphasis on the effect of electrolyte concentration, pH of solution, and the anchoring (precursor) layer on that process. Additionally, the effect of BSA concentration and of the anchoring layer on BSA adsorption was investigated. It was shown that in all investigated systems the adsorption of BSA depends on conditions under which the multilayer was formed (ionic strength, pH and presence of an anchoring layer), as well as on BSA concentration. It follows that adsorption of BSA could be controlled not only by choosing suitable BSA concentration, but also by modifying the preformed multilayer.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) has been associated with allergic sensitization and asthma. We hypothesized that increased urinary PAH metabolites are associated with allergy or asthma among children age 5 yrs in an inner-city birth cohort. As part of an ongoing prospective birth cohort under the auspices of the Columbia Center for Children's Environmental Health (CCCEH), urine was collected from 5-yr-old children (n = 222) of Dominican American and African American mothers in Northern Manhattan and South Bronx of New York City. Twenty-four PAH metabolites were measured in these specimens, and their levels (unadjusted and specific gravity corrected) were evaluated with IgE levels and asthma outcomes. Ten metabolites were detected in urine from all children. Concentrations ranged higher than those in representative samples of US children ages 6-11 in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). Among CCCEH children, compared with African Americans, the Dominican children had higher 2-hydroxynaphthalene but lower 9-hydroxyfluorene and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene concentrations. Increased 3-hydroxyfluorene and 3-hydroxyphenanthrene levels were associated with higher anti-mouse IgE levels (p < 0.05). These plus 2-hydroxynaphthalene, 2-hydroxyflourene and 1-hydroxyphenanthrene concentrations were associated with higher anti-mouse IgE levels on multivariate analyzes. Increased 2-hydroxyphenanthrene, 3-hydroxyphenanthrene and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene levels were associated with higher anti-cat IgE levels (p < 0.05) in univariate, but not multivariate, analyzes. Levels of PAH metabolites were not associated with respiratory symptoms. Measures of PAH metabolites suggest considerable exposure in an urban pediatric population, and possible associations with allergic sensitization to mouse.
Air pollution effect on humans represents a major public health problem. Exposure to genotoxic compounds in the ambient air is evaluated using different biomarkers. In the present study we assessed DNA-adducts levels in apparently healthy people living and working in the city of Cotonou (Benin) in which exposure to air pollutants such as benzene and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) mainly benzo(a)pyrene has been evidenced. Rural inhabitants were enrolled as control group. Taxi-motorbike drivers, street food vendors, and gasoline salesmen were recruited in Cotonou whereas suburban residents were recruited in Godomey, 12 km from Cotonou. We found that taxi-motorbike drivers, roadside residents, street vendors, taxi-motor-bike drivers and gasoline sellers had significantly higher levels of DNA-adducts than suburban and village inhabitants (P < 0.001; post hoc, LSD). Means values were 24.6 ± 6.4, 23.78 ± 6.9, 34.7 ± 9.8, and 37.2 ± 8.1 in the exposed groups versus 2.1 ± 0.6 and 3.1 ± 0.8 adducts/10(8) nucleotides, in the two control groups, respectively. We did not find any significant difference within the high exposure groups and inside low exposure subgroups (namely suburban residents and villagers) because the mean individual exposure values to both PAHs and benzene were similar among subjects exposed in the city of Cotonou and those in suburban and village areas. However, there is significant interindividual variations in adducts levels that may reflect variation of genetic susceptibility factors. Ranges of adduct level/10(8) nucleotides were: 1-69, 1-76, 3-169, 4-124, 0-9, 0-8 adducts/10(8) for taxi-motorbike drivers, roadside residents, street vendors, gasoline sellers, suburban and village inhabitants, respectively. Our study demonstrated a clear-cut elevated level of DNA adducts in city residents than in none exposed people (or very low exposure levels people) and designate these city residents groups as people at risks for the chronic diseases possibly caused by benzene and PAHs.
BACKGROUND: Previous studies have suggested that polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) may be associated with breast cancer. However, the carcinogenicity of PAHs on the human breast remains unclear. Certain carcinogens may be associated with specific mutation patterns in the p53 tumor suppressor gene, thereby contributing information about disease etiology. OBJECTIVES: We hypothesized that associations of PAH-related exposures with breast cancer would differ according to tumor p53 mutation status, effect, type, and number. METHODS: We examined this possibility in a population-based case-control study using polytomous logistic regression. As previously reported, 151 p53 mutations among 859 tumors were identified using Surveyor nuclease and confirmed by sequencing. RESULTS: We found that participants with p53 mutations were less likely to be exposed to PAHs (assessed by smoking status in 859 cases and 1,556 controls, grilled/smoked meat intake in 822 cases and 1,475 controls, and PAH-DNA adducts in peripheral mononuclear cells in 487 cases and 941 controls) than participants without p53 mutations. For example, active and passive smoking was associated with p53 mutation-negative [odds ratio (OR) = 1.55; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.11-2.15] but not p53 mutation-positive (OR = 0.77; 95% CI, 0.43-1.38) cancer (ratio of the ORs = 0.50, p < 0.05). However, frameshift mutations, mutation number, G:C-->A:T transitions at CpG sites, and insertions/deletions were consistently elevated among exposed subjects. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that PAHs may be associated with specific breast tumor p53 mutation subgroups rather than with overall p53 mutations and may also be related to breast cancer through mechanisms other than p53 mutation. 
A longitudinal biomonitoring study was conducted to assess exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in non-occupationally exposed nonsmoking adults living in the vicinity of an aluminum plant. Metabolites of several PAH (pyrene, naphthalene, chrysene, fluoranthene, benz[a]anthracene) were measured in the urine of the participants, including 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) as a validated biomarker and pyrene diones as novel biomarkers. In total, 73 individuals living about 1 km away from the plant (taken as the exposed group) were compared repeatedly with 71 individuals living at least 11 km from the smelter (used as the control group). Complete first morning voids were collected twice, at a 2-wk interval, in the fall of 2005 and twice weekly for 2 consecutive weeks in the spring of 2006. Urinary biomarker concentrations were then measured by an ultra-performance liquid chromatography (UPLC) method with time-of-flight mass spectrometry detection (MS-TOF) (UPLC-MS-TOF). For most sampling days, individuals living near the plant showed significantly higher excretion values of both 1-OHP and pyrene diones (mean ratio up to 2- and 2.4-fold, respectively) than individuals living further from the plant. In the group living near the plant, geometric mean concentrations of 1-OHP varied from 0.047 to 0.058 micromol/mol creatinine, depending on the sampling day, as compared to 0.025 to 0.04 micromol/mol creatinine in the reference group. Corresponding mean values for pyrene diones were 0.017-0.056 micromol/mol creatinine and 0.014-0.039 micromol/mol creatinine, respectively. Urinary 1- and 2-naphthols were also measured as a reference and showed no significant differences between the two groups for most sampling days; metabolite concentrations of the other monitored PAH (chrysene, fluoranthene, benz[a]anthracene) were mostly below the analytical limit of detection of 0.005 to 0.01 microg/L, depending on the metabolite, with a detection rate varying from 0 to at most 21%. Individuals living near the aluminum plant thus appeared to be repeatedly exposed to higher pyrene levels than the control group, on the basis of both 1-OHP and pyrene dione excretions. However, 1-OHP concentrations observed in this first group were similar to those of other reference populations of nonsmokers studied in the past. Uptake of the other PAH associated with plant emissions was too small to significantly increase the excretion of their metabolites.
Adducts of benzo[a]pyrene-diolepoxide (BPDE) with blood nucleophiles have been used as biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). The most popular such assay is a competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) that employs monoclonal antibody 8E11 to detect benzo[a]pyrene tetrols following hydrolysis of BPDE adducts from lymphocyte DNA or human serum albumin (HSA). Here we used 8E11 as the capture antibody in a sandwich ELISA to detect BPDE-HSA adducts directly in 1-mg samples of HSA or 20 microl of serum/plasma. The assay employs an anti-HSA antibody for detection, and this is amplified by an avidin/biotinylated horseradish peroxidase complex. The sandwich ELISA has advantages of specificity and simplicity and is approximately 10 times more sensitive than the competitive ELISA. To validate the assay, HSA samples were assayed from three populations with known high PAH exposures (coke oven workers), medium PAH exposures (steel factory control workers), and low PAH exposures (volunteer subjects) (n=30). The respective geometric mean levels of BPDE-HSA adducts--67.8, 14.7, and 1.93 ng/mg HSA (1010, 220, and 28.9 fmol BPDE equiv/mg HSA)--were significantly different (P<0.05). The sandwich ELISA will be useful for screening PAH exposures in large epidemiologic studies and can be extended to other adducts for which capture antibodies are available.
The Goeckerman regimen (GR) for the treatment of psoriasis comprises dermal application of crude coal tar (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, PAHs) and exposure to ultraviolet radiation (UVR). PAHs and UVR are mutagenic and carcinogenic agents. We evaluated dermal absorption of PAHs as well as the mutagenic and genotoxic effects of GR in 16 children with psoriasis, by determining levels of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), 1-,2-,3-,4-hydroxyphenanthrene, (1-OHPhe, 2-OHPhe, 3-OHPhe, and 4-OHPhe), urinary mutagenicity (Salmonella mutagenicity assay, Ames test) and numbers of chromosomal aberrations in peripheral lymphocytes (CA), in urine and/or blood, before and after GR. The Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) score was used to evaluate clinical efficacy of GR. Compared with pre-treatment levels, there were significant increases in urinary concentrations of 1-OHP (p<0.001), 1-OHPhe (p<0.001), 2-OHPhe (p<0.001), 3-OHPhe (p<0.001), and 4-OHPhe (p<0.01), indicating a high degree of dermal absorption of PAHs. There were also significantly increased numbers of revertants in the Ames test in two different strains (YG1041-S9, p<0.01; YG1041+S9, p<0.001; TA98+S9, p<0.01), which demonstrates urinary mutagenicity. We also found a significant increase in the number of CA (p<0.001) and significantly decreased number of CA (p<0.01) at 81 days post-treatment, suggesting that GR has a temporary genotoxic effect. The PASI scores were significantly decreased after GR (p<0.001), confirming the clinical benefit of GR. In conclusion, our results demonstrate mutagenic and temporary genotoxic effects of GR in the group of 16 treated child patients.
A novel method of first derivative synchronous fluorescence was developed for the rapid simultaneous analysis of trace 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), 1-naphthol (1-NAP), 2-naphthol (2-NAP), 9-hydroxyphenanthrene (9-OHPe) and 2-hydroxyfluorene (2-OHFlu) in human urine. Only one single scan was needed for quantitative determination of five compounds simultaneously when Deltalambda=10 nm was chosen. In the optimal experimental conditions, there was a linear relationship between the fluorescence intensity and the concentration of 1-OHP, 1-NAP, 2-NAP, 9-OHPe and 2-OHFlu in the range of 1.75 x 10(-9) to 4.50 x 10(-6) mol L(-1), 3.64 x 10(-8) to 2.20 x 10(-4) mol L(-1), 8.18 x 10(-9) to 1.20 x 10(-4) mol L(-1), 3.26 x 10(-9) to 8.50 x 10(-5) mol L(-1) and 4.88 x 10(-9) to 5.50 x 10(-6) mol L(-1), respectively. The limits of detection (LOD) were found to be 5.25 x 10(-10) mol L(-1) for 1-OHP, 1.10 x 10(-8) mol L(-1) for 1-NAP, 2.46 x 10(-9) mol L(-1) for 2-NAP, 9.77 x 10(-10) mol L(-1) for 9-OHPe and 1.46 x 10(-9) mol L(-1) for 2-OHFlu. The proposed method is reliable, selective and sensitive, and has been used successfully in the determination of traces of 1-OHP, 1-NAP, 2-NAP, 9-OHPe and 2-OHFlu in human urine samples, whose results were in good agreement with those gained by the HPLC method.
Aim of the study was the assessment of exposure of coke-oven workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) by determination of urinary profiles of hydroxylated and unmetabolized PAHs. Fifty-five Polish coke-oven workers were investigated by measurement of 12 hydroxylated metabolites of PAHs (OHPAHs) (1-, 2-hydroxynaphthalene; 2-, 9-hydroxyfluorene; 1-, 2-, 3-, 4-, 9-hydroxyphenanthrene; 1-hydroxyypyrene, 6-hydroxychrysene and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene) and 13 unmetabolized PAHs (U-PAHs) (from naphthalene to benzo[a]pyrene), in spot urine samples collected at the end of the workshift. U-PAHs with four or less rings were detected in all samples. In particular, median levels for urinary naphthalene, phenanthrene, pyrene, chrysene and benz[a]anthracene were 0.806, 0.721, 0.020, 0.032 and 0.035 microg/L. OHPAHs up to 1-hydroxypyrene were found in all samples, while high molecular-weight OHPAHs were always below quantification limit. Median level of 1-hydroxyypyrene was 15.4 microg/L. In all subjects significant correlations between OHPAHs and U-PAHs were observed (0.27 < r < 0.70, p < 0.01). Our results suggest that both hydroxylated metabolites and unmetabolized PAHs in urine are useful biomarkers of exposure to PAHs. Moreover, the simultaneous determination of several biomarkers permits to obtain specific excretion profiles that might help in exposure characterization and in better defining the excretion patterns.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and oxidative stress from such and other exposures have been associated with breast cancer in some studies. To further evaluate the role of PAH metabolites and oxidative stress on the development of breast cancer, we conducted a nested case-control study in the Shanghai Women's Health Study. We measured urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol as PAH metabolites and urinary levels of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine and malondialdehyde as oxidative stress biomarkers in 327 breast cancer cases and 654 controls in the Shanghai Women's Health Study. Information on demographic characteristics, past medical history, lifestyles, history of menstruation, pregnancy history, eating and drinking habit, history of residence, employment history, family history, husband's information, and physical activity were collected by a self-administered questionnaire. The mean age was 52.3 in breast cancer cases (n = 354) and 52.5 in controls (n = 708). Age at menarche (P = 0.04), months of breast-feeding the first baby (P = 0.05), and grade of education (P(trend) < 0.01) were significantly different between cases and controls. No association was observed for PAH metabolites and the oxidative stress biomarkers of urinary malondialdehyde and 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine and risk of breast cancer. This nested case-control study provides no evidence of association between PAH exposure and oxidative stress and risk of breast cancer in Shanghai women.
We evaluated the effect of NQO1 genetic variation on PAH-DNA adducts in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) in northeast Iran. Golestan Province in northeast of Iran has one of the highest esophageal cancer incidences in the world. The study included 93 ESCC cases and 50 control individuals who were seen at the clinical cancer center in Golestan province. NQO1 C609T genotypes were determined by PCR-RFLP analysis. NQO1 gene expression in tissue samples was determined by quantitative real-time PCR. Immunohistochemical techniques were used to detect PAH-DNA adducts in ESCC and normal esophageal tissues. The distributions of NQO1 genetic polymorphism between cases and the control group were not significantly different. NQO1 gene expression was not higher in tumor tissues than in normal esophageal tissues adjacent to the ESCC; expression was higher in tumor tissues that had the NQO1 T allele. NQO1 gene expression was high in normal esophageal tissues. The level of PAH-DNA adducts was significantly higher in ESCC tissues of cases than in normal tissues adjacent to tumor tissues and in normal esophageal tissues of healthy controls. There were no significant differences between the adduct levels of normal esophageal tissues of patients and controls. There was also no significant relationship between cigarette smoking and PAH-DNA adducts. We concluded that PAHs are a risk factor for ESCC and that PAH-DNA adducts have potential as a biomarker for risk of ESCC.
BACKGROUND: Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are formed during incomplete burning of fossil fuels, wood, and tobacco products. High PAH exposure has been associated with low birth weight, intrauterine growth restriction, and preterm birth, but little is known about its impact on adverse outcomes in early pregnancy such as in-utero fetal death. OBJECTIVES: To examine associations between exposure to PAHs and missed abortion in which the embryo has died but a miscarriage has not yet occurred during early pregnancy in a Chinese population in Tianjin. METHODS: A case-control study was conducted from April to November, 2007 in Tianjin, China. Cases experienced a missed abortion while controls underwent elective abortions before 14weeks of pregnancy. Eighty-one cases were recruited from four hospitals, with the same number of controls matched on hospital, maternal age (+/-8years), gravidity (1 or >1), and gestational age (+/-30days). Two maternal measures of PAH exposures were obtained based on benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) DNA adducts in 1) aborted tissues and 2) maternal blood (for a subset of subjects). In addition, proxy measures for PAH exposures from different sources were derived from maternal interviews. RESULTS: In conditional logistic regression analyses, we estimated more than 4-fold increase in risk of having experienced a missed abortion in women with above the median levels of blood BaP-DNA adducts (adjusted OR=4.27; 95% CI, 1.41-12.99); but no increase with adduct levels in aborted tissues (adjusted OR=0.76; 95% CI, 0.37-1.54). BaP-DNA adduct levels in maternal blood and aborted tissues were poorly correlated (r=-0.12; n=102). Missed abortion risk also was higher among women reporting traffic congestion near the residence, commuting by walking, and performing regular cooking activities during pregnancy. CONCLUSION: High levels of maternal PAH exposures may contribute to an increased risk of experiencing a missed abortion during early pregnancy. 
BACKGROUND: The AhR is a ligand-activated transcription factor that mediates immunosuppression induced by environmental PAH and HAH. Recently, a critical role for the AhR in development of T cells involved in autoimmunity (Th17 and Treg) has been demonstrated, supporting the hypothesis that the AhR plays a key role in immune regulation both in the presence and absence of environmental ligands. Despite these results with T cells systems, little is known of the role that the AhR plays in B cell development. We have demonstrated that B cell activation with CD40 ligand, a stimulus that models adaptive immunity, induces AhR expression in primary human B cells, suggesting that activation may increase human B cell sensitivity to AhR ligands and that the AhR may play a role in B cell development. METHODS: To test these possibilities, we developed an in vitro system in which activated human B cells expressing high AhR levels are induced to differentiate into plasma cells. Consequently, the effects of benzo [a]pyrene, a prototypic environmental AhR ligand, on plasma cell differentiation could be investigated and this chemical could be exploited essentially as drug probe to implicate the role of the AhR in plasma cell development. RESULTS: A previously unattainable level of B cell differentiation into plasma cells (up to 45% conversion) was observed. Benzo [a]pyrene significantly suppressed that differentiation. gamma-Irradiation after an initial proliferation phase induced by CD40 ligand and immediately prior to initiation of the differentiation phase blocked cell growth but did not affect cell viability or plasma cell differentiation. B [a]P suppressed differentiation whether or not cell growth was inhibited by gamma-irradiation. CONCLUSIONS: 1) Extensive proliferation is not required during the differentiation phase per se for CD40L-activated human B cells to undergo plasma cell differentiation, and 2) an environmental PAH blocks both proliferation and differentiation of AhR expressing B cells. The results uncover a new mechanism by which environmentally ubiquitous PAHs may negatively impact human B cell-mediated immunity. 
BACKGROUND: Air pollution is known to contribute to respiratory and cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. Oxidative stress has been suggested as one of the main mechanisms for these effects on health. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to analyze the effects of exposure to particulate matter (PM) with aerodynamic diameters < or = 10 microm (PM10) and < or = 2.5 microm (PM2.5) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) on urinary malondialdehyde (MDA) levels in schoolchildren. METHODS: The study population consisted of 120 schoolchildren. The survey and measurements were conducted in four cities--two in China (Ala Shan and Beijing) and two in Korea (Jeju and Seoul)--between 4 and 9 June 2007. We measured daily ambient levels of PM and their metal components at the selected schools during the study period. We also measured urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and 2-naphthol, to assess PAH exposure, and MDA, to assess oxidative stress. Measurements were conducted once a day for 5 consecutive days. We constructed a linear mixed model after adjusting for individual variables to estimate the effects of PM and PAH on oxidative stress. RESULTS: We found statistically significant increases in urinary MDA levels with ambient PM concentrations from the current day to the 2 previous days (p < 0.0001). Urinary 1-OHP level also showed a positive association with urinary MDA level, which was statistically significant with or without PM in the model (p < 0.05). Outdoor PM and urinary 1-OHP were synergistically associated with urinary MDA levels. Some metals bound to PM10 (aluminum, iron, strontium, magnesium, silicon, arsenic, barium, zinc, copper, and cadmium) and PM2.5 (magnesium, iron, strontium, arsenic, cadmium, zinc, aluminum, mercury, barium, and copper) also had significant associations with urinary MDA level. CONCLUSION: Exposure to PM air pollution and PAHs was associated with oxidative stress in schoolchildren. 
This study was designed to analyze the effect of environmental oxidative stress on human placental monooxygenases, glutathione S-transferase (GST) activity and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts in human term placentas from radioactivity-contaminated and chemically-polluted areas of the Ukraine and Belarus, and to compare these biomarkers to the newborn's general health status. Placental PAH-DNA adduct formation, GST activity, 7-ethoxycoumarin O-deethylase (ECOD) activity, and thiobarbituric reactive substances (TBARS), an index of lipid peroxidation, were measured in groups of women exposed to different levels of radioactivity and PAH pollution. The in vitro metabolism data, obtained from 143 human placental samples at term, were compared to indices of maternal and newborn health. The highest ECOD activity was recorded in placentas obtained from chemically-polluted areas and a radioactivity-contaminated area; the ECOD activity was 7-fold and 2-fold higher compared to the region considered to be "clean". Newborns with the most compromised health status displayed the greatest down-regulation of GST activity (144-162mUmgprotein(-1) vs. 258-395mUmgprotein(-1)), enhanced ECOD activity and the highest level of PAH-DNA adduct formation. The highest level of TBARS was observed in women exposed to the highest levels of radiation. The efficiency of placental detoxification negatively correlated with maternal age and the health status of the newborn. Environmental oxidative stress was related to an increase in anemia, threatened abortions, toxemia, fetal hypoxia, spontaneous abortions and fetal hypotrophy. Our data suggest that chemically- or radioactivity-induced oxidative stress enhance cytochrome P450-mediated enzymatic activities potentially resulting in increased formation of reactive metabolites. The activity of GSH-transferase is not enhanced. This imbalance in detoxification capacity can be measured as increased production of PAH-DNA adducts, decreased lipid peroxidation and compromised fetal health.
X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1 (XRCC1) plays a role in repairing polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs)-induced DNA damage. We examined the effects of exposure to PAHs and XRCC1 polymorphism, alone or combined, on sperm DNA integrity and male fertility. A total of 620 idiopathic infertile subjects and 273 fertile controls were recruited in this study. PAHs exposure was indicated by urinary 1-hydroxypyrene level. Genotypes were determined by PCR-RFLP, and sperm DNA damage was detected by Tdt-mediated dUTP nick end labelling assay using flow cytometry. A positive correlation was found between PAHs exposure and sperm DNA damage (beta coefficients = 0.183, p < 0.001), whereas there was no significant association between the XRCC1 polymorphisms and sperm DNA damage. However, when the patients were dichotomized for PAHs exposure, higher sperm DNA damage was found among 399Gln allele carriers compared with the wild-type homozygotes (p = 0.033). Further analysis based on a case-control study revealed the joint effect of XRCC1-399 polymorphism and PAHs exposure on the risk of male infertility (p interaction = 0.041). These findings provided the first evidence about potential joint effects of PAHs exposure and DNA repair gene polymorphisms on male reproductive system and may be helpful in improving our understanding of the etiology of male infertility.
BACKGROUND: In this prospective cohort study of Caucasian mothers and children in Krakow, Poland, we evaluated the role of prenatal exposure to urban air pollutants in the pathogenesis of neurobehavioral disorders. OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to investigate the relationship between prenatal polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and child intelligence at 5 years of age, controlling for potential confounders suspected to play a role in neurodevelopment. METHODS: A cohort of pregnant, healthy, nonsmoking women was enrolled in Krakow, Poland, between 2001 and 2006. During pregnancy, participants were invited to complete a questionnaire and undergo 48-hr personal air monitoring to estimate their babies' exposure, and to provide a blood sample and/or a cord blood sample at the time of delivery. Two hundred fourteen children were followed through 5 years of age, when their nonverbal reasoning ability was assessed using the Raven Coloured Progressive Matrices (RCPM). RESULTS: We found that higher (above the median of 17.96 ng/m3) prenatal exposure to airborne PAHs (range, 1.8-272.2 ng/m3) was associated with decreased RCPM scores at 5 years of age, after adjusting for potential confounding variables (n = 214). Further adjusting for maternal intelligence, lead, or dietary PAHs did not alter this association. The reduction in RCPM score associated with high airborne PAH exposure corresponded to an estimated average decrease of 3.8 IQ points. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that prenatal exposure to airborne PAHs adversely affects children's cognitive development by 5 years of age, with potential implications for school performance. They are consistent with a recent finding in a parallel cohort in New York City. 
The main goal of the study was to determine the relationship between prenatal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) measured by PAH-DNA adducts in umbilical cord blood and early wheeze. The level of PAH-DNA adducts in the cord blood is assumed to reflect the cumulative dose of PAHs absorbed by the foetus over the prenatal period. The effect of prenatal PAH exposure on respiratory health measured by the incidence rate ratio (IRR) for the number of wheezing days in the subsequent 4 yr follow-up was adjusted for potential confounding factors such as personal prenatal exposure to fine particulate matter (PM(2.5)), environmental tobacco smoke (ETS), gender of child, maternal characteristics (age, education and atopy), parity and mould/dampness in the home. The study sample includes 339 newborns of non-smoking mothers 18-35 yr of age and free from chronic diseases, who were recruited from ambulatory prenatal clinics in the first or second trimester of pregnancy. The number of wheezing days during the first 2 yr of life was positively associated with prenatal level of PAH-DNA adducts (IRR = 1.69, 95%CI = 1.52-1.88), prenatal particulate matter (PM(2.5)) level dichotomized by the median (IRR = 1.38; 95%CI: 1.25-1.51), maternal atopy (IRR = 1.43; 95%CI: 1.29-1.58), mouldy/damp house (IRR = 1.43; 95%CI: 1.27-1.61). The level of maternal education and maternal age at delivery was inversely associated with the IRRs for wheeze. The significant association between frequency of wheeze and the level of prenatal environmental hazards (PAHs and PM(2.5)) was not observed at ages 3 or 4 yrs. Although the frequency of wheezing at ages 3 or 4 was no longer associated with prenatal exposure to PAHs and PM(2.5), its occurrence depended on the presence of wheezing in the first 2 yr of life, which nearly tripled the risk of wheezing in later life. In conclusion, the findings may suggest that driving force for early wheezing (<24 months of age) is different to those leading to later onset of wheeze. As we reported no synergistic effects between prenatal PAH (measured by PAH-DNA adducts) and PM(2.5) exposures on early wheeze, this suggests the two exposures may exert independent effects via different biological mechanism on wheeze.
Humans experience chronic cumulative trace-level exposure to mixtures of volatile, semi-volatile, and non-volatile polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) present in the environment as by-products of combustion processes. Certain PAHs are known or suspected human carcinogens and so we have developed methodology for measuring their circulating (blood borne) concentrations as a tool to assess internal dose and health risk. We use liquid/liquid extraction and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and present analytical parameters including dynamic range (0-250 ng/ml), linearity (>0.99 for all compounds), and instrument sensitivity (range 2-22 pg/ml) for a series of 22 PAHs representing 2-6-rings. The method is shown to be sufficiently sensitive for estimating PAHs baseline levels (typical median range from 1 to 1000 pg/ml) in groups of normal control subjects using 1-ml aliquots of human plasma but we note that some individuals have very low background concentrations for 5- and 6-ring compounds that fall below robust quantitation levels.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and four functional genetic polymorphisms in the nucleotide excision repair pathway, alone or combined, on sperm DNA integrity and male fertility. DESIGN: Retrospective case-only and case-control study. SETTING: One university and three centers of clinical reproductive medicine in the Jiangsu Province of China. PATIENT(S): Six hundred twenty infertile men and 273 controls were recruited for the study. INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Exposure to PAHs was detected as urinary 1-hydroxypyrene level. Genotypes were determined by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism, and sperm DNA damage was detected by terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated deoxyuridine triphosphate nick end labeling assay with use of flow cytometry. RESULT(S): Increased sperm DNA damage was found to be associated significantly with increased urinary concentrations of 1-hydroxypyrene. We also observed that the xeroderma pigmentosum group A (XPA)-4 G/A polymorphism was associated with sperm DNA damage. Subjects homozygous for XPA-4 AA had significantly more sperm DNA damage compared with subjects for XPA-4 GG. Moreover, on the basis of a case-control study, a significant interaction was found between XPA-4 G/A polymorphism and PAH exposures on the sperm DNA damage risk (odds ratio = 2.86, 95% confidence interval = 1.77-4.61). CONCLUSION(S): We provide the first evidence for potential gene-environment interactions between nucleotide excision repair polymorphisms and PAH exposure on the sperm DNA damage and male factor infertility in men with no occupational exposure to PAHs. 
Although urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) is the most relevant parameter for assessing exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, the inability to further elucidate the intra- and inter-individual variability, specificity and kinetics makes it difficult to enhance its value as an exposure predictor. Therefore, this human control study examined the excretion kinetics of urinary 1-OHP after consuming barbecued meat. Two feeding experiments were conducted, with doses of 15 and 30 g of barbecued meat per kg of body weight for experiments 1 and 2, respectively. All voided urine was collected for 7 days and analyzed for 1-OHP. In both experiments, the amounts of urinary 1-OHP excreted was significantly increased (P < 0.05) at 12 h post exposure but not at 12-24 h post exposure. Mean percentages of administered pyrene doses excreted as urinary 1-OHP at 0-12 h and 12-24 h post exposure were 3.80 and 0.61% in experiment 1 and 1.66 and 0.38% in experiment 2. Excretion ratio was inversely related to dose. A pattern of diurnal fluctuation (P < 0.05) in 1-OHP excretions was also identified. That is, 1-OHP excretions were smaller in the first half of the day (~0:00-12:00) than in the last half of the day (~12:00-24:00). This study demonstrated that, even at large dietary doses, most of the total urinary excretion of 1-OHP occurs within 12 h. Thus, subjects of occupational or environmental studies need only recall their diets for the current or previous day to diminish the influence from dietary pyrene.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure in oesophageal epithelial tissue and oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) case status in an ESCC case-control study in a high-risk population in north-eastern Iran. METHODS: Tissue microarrays (TMAs) of non-tumoral oesophageal biopsies from patients with biopsy-proven ESCC and gastrointestinal clinic patients with no endoscopic or biopsy evidence of ESCC (control subjects) in a rural region in north-eastern Iran were immunohistochemically stained. Immunohistochemistry was performed using monoclonal antibodies 8E11 and 5D11 raised against benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) diol epoxide (BPDE)-I-modified guanosine and BPDE-I-modified DNA, respectively. Staining intensity was quantified by image analysis and the average staining in three replicates was calculated. The main outcome measure was adjusted ORs with 95% CIs for the association between antibody staining intensity and ESCC case status. RESULTS: Cultured ESCC cells exposed to B[a]P in vitro showed dose-dependent staining with 8E11 but not with 5D11. With 8E11, sufficient epithelial tissue was available in the TMA cores to analyse 91 cases and 103 controls. Compared with the lowest quintile of 8E11 staining in the controls, adjusted ORs for the 2nd to 5th quintiles were 2.42, 5.77, 11.3 and 26.6 (95% CI 5.21 to 135), respectively (p for trend <0.001). With 5D11, 89 cases and 101 controls were analysed. No association between staining and case status was observed (ORs for the 2nd to 5th quintiles were 1.26, 0.88, 1.06 and 1.63 (95% CI 0.63 to 4.21), p for trend=0.40). CONCLUSIONS: Dramatically higher levels of 8E11 staining were observed in non-tumoral oesophageal epithelium from patients with ESCC than from control subjects. This finding strengthens the evidence for a causal role for PAHs in oesophageal carcinogenesis in north-eastern Iran. 
The purpose of this study was to investigate the relationship between the levels of prenatal exposure to phthalate ester and PAHs and birth outcomes among 149 Japanese pregnant women. Urinary concentrations of 9 phthalate ester metabolites, mono methyl phthalate (MMP), mono ethyl phthalate (MEP), mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP), mono benzyl phthalate (MBzP), mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP), mono-2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl phthalate (MEHHP), mono-2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl phthalate (MEOHP), mono-iso-nonyl phthalate (MINP) and mono-n-octyl phthalate (MnOP) and PAHs metabolite (1-hydroxypyrene, 1-OHP) were analyzed in spot urine samples collected from pregnant women. Correlation analysis and multiple regression analysis were conducted between the concentrations of maternal urinary metabolites and birth outcomes such as birth weight, birth length, head circumference and gestational age. Creatinine-corrected concentration (geometric mean; microg/g cre) was 9.14 (MMP), 9.76 (MEP), 51.6 (MnBP), 5.62 (MBzP), 5.45 (MEHP), 10.6 (MEHHP), 11.3 (MEOHP), 0.031 (MINP), 0.025 (MnOP) and 0.121 (1-OHP). These concentrations are comparable with literature value. The relationships between prenatal exposure to phthalate esters and birth outcomes were not significant. Statistically significant negative correlation was observed between 1-OHP and birth weight, birth length and head circumstances although the correlation was insignificant when only non-smokers were included in multiple regression analysis. In conclusion, we found that prenatal exposure to phthalate esters or PAHs did not affect birth outcomes at the exposure level of the present subjects.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are carcinogens with varying potencies. These compounds are metabolized to diol epoxides that react to form DNA adducts. Nucleotide excision repair is a critical cellular defense against these bulky DNA adducts which, if not repaired, can lead to mutations and the initiation of cancer. The structural features of the PAH-adducts play a role in differential repair of these adducts by the global genomic repair subpathway of nucleotide excision repair. DNA adducts derived from the PAHs containing bay-regions are repaired more rapidly than adducts derived from PAHs containing fjord-regions. We have employed the host cell reactivation assay to examine the rate of repair of these adducts in an actively transcribing gene. The pGL3 plasmid containing a luciferase gene was damaged with diol epoxides of benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P-DE), dibenzo[a,l]pyrene (DB[a,l]P-DE), benzo[g]chrysene (B[g]Ch-DE), and benzo[c]phenanthrene (B[c]Ph-DE). The plasmids were transfected into B-lymphocytes with normal repair capacity as well as lymphocytes derived from patients with the XP-A, XP-C and CS-B syndromes. We found that XPA cells were able to transcribe slowly past B[g]Ch-adducts but not the other PAHs. Using the amount of luciferase produced as a measure of DNA repair, we found that the relative rates of repair in the actively transcribing luciferase gene was B[a]P-DE>DB[a,l]P-DE, B[g]Ch-DE, >B[c]Ph-DE in repair proficient and XP-C cells. These results indicate that the abilities to transcribe past and to repair the PAH adducts are dependent on different structural features of the DNA adducts.
Human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) from sources such as industrial or urban air pollution, tobacco smoke and cooked food is not confined to a single compound, but instead to mixtures of different PAHs. The interaction of different PAHs may lead to additive, synergistic or antagonistic effects in terms of DNA adduct formation and carcinogenic activity resulting from changes in metabolic activation to reactive intermediates and DNA repair. The development of a targeted DNA adductomic approach using liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) incorporating software-based peak picking and integration for the assessment of exposure to mixtures of PAHs is described. For method development PAH-modified DNA samples were obtained by reaction of the anti-dihydrodiol epoxide metabolites of benzo[a]pyrene, benzo[b]fluoranthene, dibenzo[a,l]pyrene (DB[a,l]P) and dibenz[a,h]anthracene with calf thymus DNA in vitro and enzymatically hydrolysed to 2'-deoxynucleosides. Positive LC/electrospray ionisation (ESI)-MS/MS collision-induced dissociation product ion spectra data showed that the majority of adducts displayed a common fragmentation for the neutral loss of 116 u (2'-deoxyribose) resulting in a major product ion derived from the adducted base. The exception was the DB[a,l]P dihydrodiol epoxide adduct of 2'-deoxyadenosine which resulted in major product ions derived from the PAH moiety being detected. Specific detection of mixtures of PAH-adducted 2'-deoxynucleosides was achieved using online column-switching LC/MS/MS in conjunction with selected reaction monitoring (SRM) of the [M+H](+) to [M+H-116](+) transition plus product ions derived from the PAH moiety for improved sensitivity of detection and a comparison was made to detection by constant neutral loss scanning. In conclusion, different PAH DNA adducts were detected by employing SRM [M+H-116](+) transitions or constant neutral loss scanning. However, for improved sensitivity of detection optimised SRM transitions relating to the PAH moiety product ions are required for certain PAH DNA adducts for the development of targeted DNA adductomic methods.
The association between background, enduring environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and cardiovascular diseases has not been well studied in the general population. In this study, we used the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2001-2004 to investigate the associations between eight monohydroxy PAHs (OH-PAHs) and self-report CVD. In a logistic regression model adjusting for cigarette smoking and other covariates, phenanthrene metabolite, 2-hydroxyphennathrene (2-PHEN), was significantly associated with self-report CVD. Compared to subjects within the lowest tertile of 2-PHEN, subjects within the middle and highest tertiles had higher self-report CVD (the 2nd tertile: AOR=1.29, 95%CI: 0.97-1.72; the 3rd tertile: AOR=1.45, 95%CI: 1.01-2.07; p for trend=0.04). In addition, fluorene metabolite (i.e. 2-hydroxyfluorene) also showed a marginally significant linear trend with self-report CVD (p for trend=0.07). Further studies are necessary to explore the associations between these highly prevalent pollutants and CVD.
Chromosomal aberrations are associated with increased cancer risk in adults. Previously, we demonstrated that stable aberrations involving chromosomes 1-6 in cord blood are associated with prenatal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) measured in air and are disproportionate to genomic content. We now examine whether the association with air PAHs is chromosome-specific and extends to smaller chromosomes. Using whole chromosome paints for chromosomes 1-6, 11, 12, 14 and 19, and a 6q sub-telomere specific probe, we scored 48 cord bloods (1500 metaphases per sample) from newborns monitored prenatally for airborne PAH exposure in the Columbia Center for Children's Environmental Health cohort. Frequencies of stable aberrations were calculated as incident aberrations per 100 cell equivalents scored, and examined for association with airborne PAHs. Aberrations in chromosome 6 occurred more frequently than predicted by genomic content (p<0.008). Levels of both prenatal airborne PAHs and stable aberration frequency in chromosomes 1-6 decreased to half the levels reported previously in the same cohort (mean PAH decreased from 3.6 to 1.8ng/m(3); mean stable aberration frequency from 0.56 to 0.24, SD=0.19). The mean stable aberration frequency was 0.45 (SD=0.15) in chromosomes 11-19. After adjusting for gender, ethnicity, and household smokers, the mean stable aberration frequency increased with increasing PAH exposure: with a doubling of prenatal PAH exposure, the mean stable aberration frequency for the chromosome1-6 group increased by a factor of 1.49 (95% CI: 0.84, 2.66; p=0.17); for chromosomes 11-19 mean stable aberration frequency increased by 2.00 (95% CI: 1.11, 3.62; p=0.02); for chromosome 6 alone, it increased by 3.16 (95% CI: 0.93, 10.77; p=0.06); there was no increase for chromosomes 1-5 (p>0.8). Aberrations in chromosomes 11, 12, 14, 19 and 6 were associated with prenatal exposure to PAHs in air, even at lower levels of PAH in air. The observed chromosome-specific effects of prenatal airborne PAHs raise concern about potential cancer risk.
Monitoring effects of contaminants at lower levels of biological organisation (e.g. biochemical and cellular) allows for mechanistic evaluation of effects of contaminant exposure through laboratory exposures. However, higher level organism effects (e.g. physiological and behavioural) are deemed more ecologically-relevant. In the present study, cellular (cell viability and immune function), physiological (cardiac activity) and behavioural (foraging behaviour) responses were evaluated in field-collected shore crabs Carcinus maenas from three estuaries [a 'relatively' (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon) PAH-contaminated site (Plym Estuary) and two 'comparatively clean' field sites (Avon and Yealm Estuaries)] and compared with responses of crabs exposed in the laboratory to a model organic contaminant (PAH) pyrene (200 μg l(-1) for 28 days). The hypothesis that behavioural indicators may be more sensitive than other more traditional methods was tested. No significant impacts were observed at the cellular or physiological level in Plym-collected crabs (the 'relatively' contaminated site), but foraging behaviour was significantly altered (increased prey handling time) compared to individuals collected from the 'relatively' uncontaminated sites (Avon and Yealm). When given a cockle as a prey item, both Plym-collected and laboratory-exposed crabs took longer to handle and break into cockle shells. Therefore, ecologically-relevant behavioural observations may serve as valuableindicators of environmental quality.
Adult shrimps (Pandalus borealis) and their embryos were exposed to an oil-water dispersion (OWD) at concentrations of 0.015, 0.06 and 0.25 mg/L using a continuous flow system. Lysosomal membrane stability was analysed in haemocytes using the neutral red retention assay and an alkaline unwinding assay was used to measure DNA damage in hepatopancreas tissue. Exposure to oil induced concentration and time dependent biomarker responses in adult shrimps together with the accumulation of PAH in their tissues. Oil exposure of shrimp embryos caused increased mortality in the resultant larvae, even if the larvae were kept in clean water after hatching. There were minor differences observed in larval stage development times in the first part of the experiments. The fatty acid composition of embryos exposed to oil was different to that of non-exposed larvae. PAH tissue concentration and biomarker responses correlated to the reduced survival of the shrimp larvae.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) always involves complex mixtures that may induce synergistic or antagonistic effects on the genotoxic properties and make risk assessment more difficult. In this study, we evaluated how particulate PAHs modulated the formation of DNA damage induced by carcinogenic benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P). Single strand breaks and alkali labile sites, as well as BPDE-N²-dGuo DNA adducts were measured in the competent HepG2 cells by Comet assay and HPLC-tandem mass spectrometry, respectively. B[a]P, alone or in binary mixture with other PAHs (1 μM each), led to low amounts of strand breaks. In contrast, formation of BPDE-N²-dGuo adducts was significant and found to be enhanced in HepG2 co-treated for 14 h by B[a]P in the presence of either benzo[b]fluoranthene (B[b]F), dibenz[a,h]anthracene (DB[a,h]A) or indeno[1,2,3-cd]pyrene (IP). Opposite results were obtained with benzo[k]fluoranthene (B[k]F). The same observations were made when cells were pre-incubated with PAH before incubation with B[a]P. These results show that the interactions between PAHs are not direct competition reactions. Emphasis was then placed on the modulation of B[a]P-induced DNA damage by B[b]F and B[k]F. No difference in the time-course formation of DNA damage was observed. However, dose-response relationship differed between these two PAHs with a concentration-dependent inhibition of BPDE-N²-dGuo DNA by B[k]F whereas a constant level of potentiation for B[b]F was observed for concentrations higher than 1 μM. Altogether, these results show that the genotoxicity of B[a]P in binary mixtures with other carcinogenic PAH may be modulated. In such cases, a potentiation of BPDE-N²-dGuo adduct formation is most often observed with exception of B[k]F. Several biological mechanisms may account for these observations, including binding of PAHs to the Ah receptor (AhR), their affinity toward CYP450 and competition for metabolism. These different interactions have to be considered when addressing the intricate issue of the toxicity of mixtures.
The incidence of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is significantly elevated in a Hispanic community in Bexar County, Texas. Chronic exposure to dietary aflatoxins (AFs) is a major risk factor for HCC; increased risk has been linked to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) co-exposure and hepatitis virus infection. The aims of this study were to assess AF and PAH exposures, investigate dietary factors that may contribute to increased AF exposure, and determine the prevalence of hepatitis virus infection in Bexar Co. Blood and urine samples were collected from 184 volunteers for biomarker analyses and hepatitis screening. Serum AFB(1)-lysine adduct, urinary AFM(1) and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) levels were measured using high-performance liquid chromatography. The average AFB(1)-lysine adduct level detected in 20.6% of serums was 3.84 ± 3.11 pg/mg albumin (range 1.01-16.57 pg/mg). AFM(1) was detected in 11.7% of urines, averaging 223.85 ± 250.56 pg/mg creatinine (range 1.89-935.49 pg/mg). AFM(1) detection was associated with increased consumption of corn tortillas (p=0.009), nuts (p=0.033) and rice (p=0.037). A significant difference was observed between mean 1-OHP values of non-smokers (0.07 ± 0.13) and smokers (0.80 ± 0.68) μmol/mol creatinine (p<0.01). A high hepatitis C virus positivity rate (7.1%) was observed. Findings suggest that the incidence and level of AF and PAH exposure were less than those observed in a high-risk population; however, participants consuming higher amounts of foods prone to AF contamination may be more vulnerable to exposure and interactions with other environmental/biological factors (i.e., HCV).
The binding of reactive polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites, formed enzymatically, to DNA is a crucial step in PAH carcinogenesis in vivo. We investigated the noncovalent binding interactions between 11 PAH metabolites and human p53 complementary DNA (p53 cDNA) using the fluorescence displacement method and molecular docking analysis. All of the examined metabolites predominantly interacted with p53 cDNA by intercalation instead of groove binding. The dissociation constants ranged from 0.02 to 12.34μM. Of the metabolites tested, 1-hydroxypyrene and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene showed the strongest binding affinities to DNA, while 2-naphthol was the weakest DNA intercalator. The intercalation of the metabolites was stabilized by stacking the PAH phenyl rings with the DNA base pairs and the formation of hydrogen bonds between the oxide or hydroxyl groups on the metabolites, and DNA bases or backbones. The binding of the metabolites to DNA showed some sequence selectivity. The binding affinities and hydrogen bonds for 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene, benzo[a]pyrene-4,5-dihydroepoxide (BPE) and benzo[a]pyrene-r-7,t-8-dihydrodiol-t-9,10-epoxide (BPDE) differed. It seems that the functional groups on the periphery of the PAH aromatic ring play crucial roles in regulating its binding affinity with DNA. Although it was difficult to determine the correlation between DNA noncovalent binding affinity and carcinogenicity for some of the PAH metabolites, the present study improved our understanding of the formation of PAH metabolite-DNA adducts.
BACKGROUND: Nucleotide excision repair (NER) and base excision repair (BER) are the primary mechanisms for repair of bulky adducts caused by chemical agents, such as PAHs. It is expected that polymorphisms in NER or BER genes may modulate individual susceptibility to PAHs exposure. Here, we evaluate the effects of PAHs exposure and polymorphisms in NER and BER pathway, alone or combined, on polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA (PAH-DNA) adducts in human sperm. METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: Sperm PAH-DNA adducts were measured by immunofluorescent assay using flow cytometry in a sample of 465 infertile adults. Polymorphisms of XPA, XPD, ERCC1, XPF, and XRCC1 were determined by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) techniques. The PAHs exposure was detected as urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) levels. In multivariate models adjusted for potential confounders, we observed that XRCC1 5'pUTR -T/C, Arg194Trp, Arg399Gln polymorphisms were associated with increased sperm adduct levels. Furthermore, the stratified analysis indicated that adverse effects of XRCC1 Arg194Trp, Arg399Gln polymorphisms on PAH-DNA adducts were detected only in the high PAHs exposure group. CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE: These findings provided the first evidence that polymorphisms of XRCC1 may modify sperm PAH-DNA adduct levels and may be useful biomarkers to identify individuals susceptible to DNA damage resulting from PAHs exposure. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are products of the incomplete combustion of organic materials and, therefore, occur ubiquitously in the environment and also in tobacco smoke. Since some PAH have been classified as carcinogens, it is important to have access to suitable analytical methods for biomarkers of exposure to this class of compounds. Past experience has shown that measuring a profile of PAH metabolites is more informative than metabolites of a single PAH. Assessment of environmental and smoking-related exposure levels requires analytical methods with high sensitivity and specificity. In addition, these methods should be fast enough to allow high throughput. With these pre-conditions in mind, we developed and validated a high-performance liquid chromatographic method with tandem mass spectrometric detection (LC-MS/MS) for the determination of phenolic metabolites of naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene and pyrene in urine of smokers and non-smokers. Sample work-up comprised enzymatic hydrolysis of urinary conjugates and solid-phase extraction on C18 cartridges. The method showed good specificity, sensitivity, and accuracy for the intended purpose and was also sufficiently rapid with a sample throughput of about 350 per week. Application to urine samples of 100 smokers and 50 non-smokers showed significant differences between both groups for all measured PAH metabolites, and strong correlations with markers of daily smoke exposure in smoker urine. Urinary levels were in good agreement with previously reported data using different methodologies. In conclusion, the developed LC-MS/MS method is suitable for the quantification of phenolic PAH metabolites of naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene, and pyrene in smoker and non-smoker urine.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are believed to be causative agents for various types of cancers in humans. Benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) is a prototypic carcinogenic PAH, which requires metabolic activation to elicit its detrimental effects. The major end product of its diol epoxide metabolic activation pathway is r-7,t-8,9,c-10-tetrahydroxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (trans, anti-BaPT). Individual differences in exposure to, and metabolic activation of, carcinogenic PAH may influence cancer risk. Measurement of PAH metabolites in human urine could provide a direct way to assess individual differences in susceptibility to PAH-related cancer. In this article, we describe a sensitive and reliable method for the quantitation of trans, anti-BaPT in human urine using gas chromatography-negative ion chemical ionization-tandem mass spectrometry (GC-NICI-MS/MS). [(13)C(6)] trans, anti-BaPT was used as the internal standard. The urine was treated with β-glucuronidase and sulfatase, and then trans, anti-BaPT was enriched by solid-phase extraction with polymeric reversed phase and phenylboronic acid cartridges. The sample was silylated and analyzed by GC-NICI-MS/MS with selected reaction monitoring (SRM) for the trimethylsilyl (TMS) derivatives of trans, anti-BaPT (m/z 446 → m/z 255) and [(13)C(6)]trans, anti-BaPT (m/z 452 → m/z 261). The mean assay recovery was 44%. The instrumental on-column detection limit was about 20 amol of trans, anti-BaPT (as BaPT-TMS). trans, anti-BaPT was readily detected in all urine samples analyzed including those of 30 smokers (0.71 ± 0.64 fmol/mg creatinine) and 30 nonsmokers (0.34 ± 0.2 fmol/mg creatinine) (P = 0.0036). The results of this study demonstrate a highly sensitive and selective method for the quantitation of trans, anti-BaPT in human urine. This is to our knowledge the first study to show that smokers have significantly higher levels of trans, anti-BaPT in their urine than do nonsmokers. This method may be useful as a direct phenotyping approach to assess individual differences in uptake and metabolic activation of carcinogenic PAH.
Whole blood is one of the most easily accessible biofluids, and circulating leukocytes would include informative transcripts as a first line of immune defense for many disease processes. To demonstrate that transcriptomic responses of circulating blood cells reflect the exposure to environmental toxicants and the characteristic molecular signatures can discriminate and predict the type of toxicant at an early exposure time, we identified and validated characteristic gene expression profiles of rat whole blood after exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). At an early exposure time point, conventional toxicological analysis including changes in the body and organ weight, histopathological examination, and blood biochemical analysis did not reflect any toxicant stresses. However, unsupervised gene expression analysis of blood cells resulted in a characteristic molecular signature for each toxicant. Further analysis of multiclassification suggested 220 genes as early detective and surrogate markers for predicting each PAH with 100% accuracy. These findings suggest that the blood expression signature could be used as a predictable and discernible surrogate marker for detection and prediction of PAHs, and the use of these molecular markers may be more widely implemented in combination with more traditional techniques for assessment and prediction of toxicity exposure to PAHs from an environmental aspect.
BACKGROUND: Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), a class of the most ubiquitous environmental contaminants, may reduce male reproductive functions, but the data from human population studies are very limited. OBJECTIVES: We designed this study to determine whether environmental exposure to PAHs contributes to the alteration in semen quality, sperm DNA damage, and apoptosis in the general male human population. METHODS: We measured urinary levels of four PAH metabolites and assessed semen quality, sperm apoptotic markers with Annexin V assay, and sperm DNA damage with comet assay in 232 men from Chongqing, China. RESULTS: We found that increased urinary 2-hydroxynaphthalene (2-OHNa) levels were associated with increased comet parameters, including the percentage of DNA in the tail (tail%) [β coefficient = 13.26% per log unit 2-OHNa (micrograms per gram creatinine); 95% confidence interval (CI), 7.97-18.55]; tail length (12.25; 95% CI, 0.01-24.52), and tail distribution (7.55; 95% CI, 1.28-18.83). The urinary level of 1-hydroxypyrene was associated only with increased tail% (5.32; 95% CI, 0.47-10.17). Additionally, the increased levels of four urinary PAH metabolites were significantly associated with decreased vital Annexin V negative sperm counts. However, there was no significant association between urinary PAH metabolite levels and human semen parameters or morphology of the sperm samples. CONCLUSIONS: Our data indicate that the environmental level of PAH exposure is associated with increased sperm DNA damage but not with semen quality. These findings suggest that exposure to PAHs may disrupt sperm DNA and thereby interfere with human male fertility. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous environmental pollutants and the main toxicants found in cigarettes. Women are often exposed to PAHs before pregnancy, typically via prepregnancy smoking. To determine how prepregnancy exposure affects the fetoplacental vasculature of the placenta, we exposed female mice to PAHs before conception, perfused the fetoplacental arterial trees with X-ray contrast agent, and imaged the vasculature ex vivo by microcomputed tomography (micro-CT) at embryonic day 15.5. Automated vascular segmentation and flow calculations revealed that in control trees, <40 chorionic plate vessels (diameter>180 μm) gave rise to ∼1,300 intraplacental arteries (50-180 μm), predicting an arterial vascular resistance of 0.37±0.04 mmHg·s·μl(-1). PAH exposure increased vessel curvature of chorionic plate vessels and significantly increased the tortuousity ratio of the tree. Intraplacental arteries were reduced by 17%, primarily due to a 27% decrease in the number of arteriole-sized (50-100 μm) vessels. There were no changes in the number of chorionic vessels, the depth or span of the tree, the diameter scaling coefficient, or the segment length-to-diameter ratio. PAH exposure resulted in a tree with a similar size and dichotomous branching structure, but one that was comparatively sparse so that arterial vascular resistance was increased by 30%. Assuming the same pressure gradient, blood flow would be 19% lower. Low flow may contribute to the 23% reduction observed in fetal weight. New insights into the specific effects of PAH exposure on a developing arterial tree were achieved using micro-CT imaging and automated vascular segmentation analysis.
OBJECTIVES: Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) has been associated with cardiopulmonary mortality and cardiovascular events. This study investigated the association between a biological marker of PAH exposure, assessed by urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), and heart-rate variability in an occupational cohort of boilermakers. METHODS: Continuous 24 h monitoring of the ambulatory electrocardiogram (ECG) and pre- and postshift urinary 1-OHP were repeated over extended periods of the work week. Mixed-effects models were fitted for the 5 min SD of normal-to-normal intervals (SDNN) in relation to urinary 1-OHP levels pre- and postworkshift on the day they wore the monitor, controlling for potential confounders. RESULTS: The authors found a significant decrease in 5 min SDNN during work of -13.6% (95% CI -17.2% to -9.8%) per SD (0.53 μg/g creatinine) increase in the next-morning preshift 1-OHP levels. The magnitude of reduction in 5 min SDNN was largest during the late night period after work and increased with each SD (0.46 μg/g creatinine) increase in postshift 1-OHP levels. CONCLUSION: This is the first report providing evidence that occupational exposure to PAHs is associated with altered cardiac autonomic function. Acute exposure to PAHs may be an important predictor of cardiovascular disease risk in the work environment. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous components of polluted air. The Mexico City Metropolitan Area (MCMA), one of the most densely populated areas in the world, is 2240 m above sea level. At this altitude, less oxygen is available, making combustion less efficient and therefore producing more PAH pollutants. According to the Automatic Monitoring Network in Mexico City (RAMA, for its Spanish initials; http://www.sma.df.gob.mx/simat2/informaciontecnica/index.php?opcion=5&opciondifusion_bd=90), which performs environmental monitoring, the critical air pollutants in Mexico City are ozone and particulate matter (PM). PM emissions increase during the dry season (winter to spring) and decrease during the rainy season (summer to autumn). The bioactivation of some PAHs produces reactive metabolites that bind to DNA, and the presence of elevated levels of PAH-DNA adducts in tissues such as blood lymphocytes represents an elevated risk for the development of cancer. We have compared the levels of PAH-DNA adducts and the percentage of cells with chromosomal aberrations (CWAs) using a matched set of peripheral blood lymphocytes obtained on two separate occasions from young non-smoking inhabitants of the MCMA (n = 92) during the 2006 dry season and the following rainy season. PAH-DNA adducts were analysed using the r7, t8-dihydroxy-t-9, 10-oxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (BPDE)-DNA chemiluminescence immunoassay (CIA). The percentages of CWA were determined in cultured lymphocytes from the same individuals. Both DNA adduct levels and chromosomal aberrations were tested for correlation with lifestyle and the polymorphisms of cytochromes P450 CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 as well as glutathione-S-transferases GSTM1 and GSTT1. The levels of PAH-DNA adducts were significantly higher (P < 0.001) in the dry season (10.66 ± 3.05 per 10(9) nt, n = 92) than during the rainy season (9.50 ± 2.85 per 10(9) nt, n = 92) and correlated with the seasonal levels of particulate matter with a diameter of ≤ 10 μm (PM(10)). The percentage of CWA was not seasonally related; however, significant associations between the number of risk alleles and adduct levels in the dry (R = 0.298, P = 0.048) and in the wet seasons (R = 0.473, P = 0.001) were observed.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are well established carcinogens that are likely to play a role in causing some human cancers. One accepted pathway of PAH metabolic activation is the formation of bay region diol epoxides. Some individuals may be particularly susceptible to PAH carcinogenesis because they metabolically activate PAH more effectively than others. We have used the measurement of urinary phenanthrene tetraols (Phe-tetraols) as a biomarker of PAH exposure plus metabolic activation since bay region diol epoxides are hydrolyzed to tetraols. Because of stereoselectivity in Phe metabolism, Phe-(1R,2S,3R,4S)-tetraol (4) results mainly from the bay region diol epoxide pathway, and Phe-(1S,2R,3S,4R)-tetraol (7) is formed mainly from the reverse diol epoxide pathway, not generally associated with carcinogenicity. The latter pathway accounts for more than 95% of human urinary Phe-tetraol. In most previous studies, Phe-tetraol was quantified without enantiomeric resolution, using a relatively rapid and practical method, applicable to large studies. It was not clear, however, whether measurement of overall unresolved Phe-tetraol would accurately represent the bay region diol epoxide metabolic activation pathway. Therefore, in this study we specifically quantified Phe-(1R,2S,3R,4S)-tetraol (4) by supplementing our usual analysis with chiral HPLC separations and using [(13)C(6)]Phe-(1R,2S,3R,4S)-tetraol as internal standard. We then investigated the relationship of urinary levels of 4 to those of Phe-tetraols (4 + 7), quantified without enantiomeric resolution. We applied these methods to urine samples from cigarette smokers and highly PAH-exposed creosote workers. The results were also compared to levels of benzo[a]pyrene-7,8,9,10-tetraol and 1-hydroxypyrene in the same samples. Levels of 4 were highly correlated with those of 4 + 7 (r > 0.9, P < 0.0001) in both types of urine samples. Strong correlations of 4 and 4 + 7 with benzo[a]pyrene-7,8,9,10-tetraol and 1-hydroxypyrene were also observed. The results of this study demonstrate therefore that practical and convenient measurement of overall Phe-tetraols (4 + 7) in human urine, without enantiomeric resolution, is an excellent indicator of PAH exposure and metabolism by the bay region diol epoxide metabolic activation pathway.
Juvenile rainbow trout were fed a diet containing an environmentally relevant mixture of 10 high molecular weight polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) at a dose of 0.66 or 7.82 µg PAH · g fish(-1) · d(-1). At 3, 7, 14, and 28 d, biomarkers of aryl hydrocarbon receptor activation (AHR), hepatic microsomal ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD) activity, and cytochrome P4501A (CYP1A)-associated staining increased 14- to 26-fold and 6- to 14-fold, respectively, in fish fed 7.82 µg PAH · g fish (-1) · d(-1). Cytochrome P4501A-associated staining increased 2- to 9-fold on days 3, 7, and 28 in fish fed 0.66 µg PAH · g fish(-1) · d(-1). Bile fluorescent aromatic compounds served as a biomarker of exposure and confirmed that PAH exposure was consistent over 50 d. DNA damage in blood cells, protein oxidation, and lipid peroxidation in the kidney were biomarkers of oxidative stress and all increased in fish fed 7.82 µg PAH · g fish(-1) · d(-1). Fish fed 0.66 µg PAH · g fish(-1) · d(-1) had elevated DNA damage in blood cells but increased protein oxidation or lipid peroxidation in the kidney were not observed. Challenge with Aeromonas salmonicida, at lethal concentration (LC) 20, decreased survival in fish previously fed either 0.66 µg PAH · g fish(-1) · d(-1) or 7.82 µg PAH · g fish(-1) · d(-1) relative to fish fed the control diet. In general, biomarkers of both AHR activation and oxidative stress peaked at 3 to 14 d then declined at 28 to 50 d of PAH exposure and an increase in susceptibility to disease was observed at 50 d. These results link PAH exposure to biomarker responses that may be useful as early indicators of population level responses, such as mortality resulting from an increase in disease susceptibility.
OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to examine the impact of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) on foetal growth. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The prospective Polish Mother and Child Cohort study was performed in 8 regions of Poland. The study population consisted of 449 mother-child pairs All women were interviewed three times during pregnancy (once in each trimester). 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP) concentration in urine was chosen as the biomarker of exposure to PAH. The urine sample collected from the participant women between 20-24 weeks of pregnancy was analysed using high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The active and passive smoking exposure was verified by determination of saliva cotinine level using high performance liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry/positive electrospray ionisation (LC-ESI+MS/MS) and isotope dilution method. RESULTS: The exposure to PAH measured by 1-HP level in urine of pregnant women was significantly associated with child birth weight (β = -158.3; p = 0.01), chest circumference (β = -0.7; p = 0.02) and cephalisation index (β = 4.2; p = 0.01) after adjustment for gestational age, child gender, pregnant woman marital status, educational level, season of last menstruation period (LMP), prepregnancy body mass index (BMI), and weight gain in pregnancy. After inclusion salivary cotinine levels into the analysis, the results were not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Prenatal exposures to PAH adversely influence foetal development including child weight, length, head and chest circumference. Tobacco smoking is the important source of PAH. After controlling for active and passive smoking, the observed associations were not statistically significant. 
Presently, few biomarker-based approaches are available for the evaluation of environmental exposure to persistent organic pollutants in dairy ruminants. In this study, goats (Capra hircus) were orally administered a mixture of pyrene, phenanthrene, and benzo[a]pyrene daily over a 40-d period (1 or 50 mg/d). Milk and urine 1-hydroxypyrene levels, ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD) activity in peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBL) as well as urinary levels of 2- and 3-hydroxyphenanthrene were determined at 10-d intervals. 1-Hydroxypyrene excretion in milk and urine significantly increased and then achieved a plateau at 10 d. Transfer rates of 1-hydroxypyrene were calculated to be approximately 0.5 and 25% in milk and urine, respectively. Concentrations in milk and urine were proportional to the ingested doses. These results demonstrate that 1-hydroxypyrene in milk or urine may be used as a biomarker for evaluating the exposure of dairy ruminants to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) over an extended exposure period. Constitutive EROD activity in lymphocytes was 0.5 ± 0.3 pmol resorufin/min/mg protein, and was significantly induced over the entire exposure time, before stabilizing after 40 d at 6.30 ± 1.3 and 18.89 ± 1.12 pmol resorufin/min/mg protein for 1 mg/d and 50 mg/d doses, respectively. Induction kinetics were calculated using a logistic-like model and approximate dose-response curves were designed. We therefore propose EROD activity in PBL as a relevant, convenient, and noninvasive biomarker of subchronic exposure of dairy ruminants to CYP450 inducing PAH.
BACKGROUND: A crucial early event in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) carcinogenesis is the induction of genomic instability phenotype that initiates the progression of a proliferative cell into a cancer cell. However, epidemiological results have been inconsistent. OBJECTIVES: To assess reported studies of associations between the levels of chromosomal damage including sister chromatid exchange (SCE), chromosomal aberrations (CA), and cytokinesis-block micronucleus (CBMN) in peripheral blood lymphocytes and occupational exposure to PAHs. METHODS: Meta-analysis on the association between chromosomal damage and occupational exposure to PAHs was performed with STATA 10.0 software package and Review Manager 4.2.10 in this study. RESULTS: We found statistically significant differences in the frequencies of SCE, CBMN, and CA (aberrations per 100 cells) in peripheral blood lymphocytes between PAHs-exposed group and control group, and the summary estimates of weighted mean difference were 1.42 (95% CI: 0.82-2.02), 1.22 (95% CI: 0.33-2.10), and 0.96 (95% CI: 0.37-1.56), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Data indicate that the frequencies of SCE, CBMN, and CA (aberrations per 100 cells) in peripheral blood lymphocytes might be indicators of early genetic effects for occupationally PAHs-exposed population. 
OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to characterize the PAH exposure level based on 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP) in urine of Polish pregnant women and to assess the relationship between PAH and factors such as smoking, environmental tobacco smoke exposure, place of residence, heating and cooking method. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study population included in this analysis consisted of 449 pregnant women who had been the subjects of the prospective Polish Mother and Child Cohort study performed in 8 regions of Poland. The women were interviewed three times during pregnancy (once in each trimester). 1-HP concentration in urine was chosen as the biomarker of exposure to PAH. The urine sample was analysed using high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The active and passive smoking exposure was verified by saliva cotinine, analysed by high performance liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MSMS) and isotope dilution method. RESULTS: 1-HP concentration in urine ranged from 0.02 to 10.2 μg/g creatinine with the geometric mean (GM) 0.4 μg/g creatinine. The significantly higher concentration of urinary 1-HP in pregnant women was observed for summer collection (GM ratio: 1.1; p = 0.01), among smokers (GM ratio: 1.7; p < 0.001) and for the women living in big cities (GM ratio: 1.3; p = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The significantly higher concentration of urinary 1-HP in pregnant women was observed for summer collection, among smokers and those living in big cities. 
BACKGROUND: Airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are widespread urban pollutants that can bind to DNA to form PAH-DNA adducts. Prenatal PAH exposure measured by personal monitoring has been linked to cognitive deficits in childhood in a prospective study conducted by the Columbia Center for Children's Environmental Health. OBJECTIVES: We measured PAH-DNA and other bulky aromatic adducts in umbilical cord white blood cells using the 32P-postlabeling assay to determine the association between this molecular dosimeter and behavioral/attention problems in childhood. METHODS: Children born to nonsmoking African-American and Dominican women residing in New York City (NYC) were followed from in utero to 7-8 years of age. At two time points before 8 years of age (mean ages, 4.8 years and 7 years), child behavior was assessed using the Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL). To estimate and test the association between adducts and behavioral outcomes, both CBCL continuous raw scores and dichotomized T-scores were analyzed. RESULTS: Higher cord adducts were associated with higher symptom scores of Anxious/Depressed at 4.8 years and Attention Problems at 4.8 and 7 years, and with Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th edition-oriented Anxiety Problems at 4.8 years. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that PAH exposure, measured by DNA adducts, may adversely affect child behavior, potentially affecting school performance. 
Non-occupational inhalation and ingestion exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) has been studied in 8 non-smoking volunteers through personal air sampling and urinary biomonitoring. The study period was divided into 4 segments (2 days/segment), including weekdays with regular commute and weekends with limited traffic related exposures; each segment had a high or low PAH diet. Personal air samples were collected continuously from the subjects while at home, at work, and while commuting to and from work. All urine excretions were collected as individual samples during the study. In personal air samples, 28 PAHs were measured, and in urine samples 9 mono-hydroxylated metabolites (OH-PAHs) from 4 parent PAHs (naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene and pyrene) were measured. Naphthalene was found at higher concentrations in air samples collected at the subjects' residences, whereas PAHs with four or more aromatic rings were found at higher levels in samples taken while commuting. Urinary OH-PAH biomarker levels increased following reported high inhalation and/or dietary exposure. On days with a low PAH diet, the total amount of inhaled naphthalene during each 24-hour period was well correlated with the amount of excreted naphthols, as was, to a lesser extent, fluorene with its urinary metabolites. During days with a high dietary intake, only naphthalene was significantly correlated with its excreted metabolite. These findings suggest that this group of non-occupational subjects were exposed to naphthalene primarily through indoor air inhalation, and exposed to other PAHs such as pyrene mainly through ingestion.
Spectroelectrochemical sensing in an optically transparent thin layer electrode (OTTLE) cell was used for detecting the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) biomarkers 1-hydroxypyrene (1-pyOH) and 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide (1-pyOglu) in phosphate buffer and artificial urine. This approach uses selective electrochemical modulation of a fluorescence signal by sequentially oxidizing the analytes in an OTTLE cell to distinguish between their overlapping fluorescence spectra. This technique allows for complete oxidation and signal modulation in approximately 15 min for each analyte; a mixture of 1-pyOH and its glucuronic acid conjugate can be analyzed in 30 min. Calibration curves consisting of the fluorescence change vs analyte concentration for 1-pyOH and 1-pyOglu yielded linear ranges from 10 nM to 1 μM and from 1 nM to 1 μM, respectively. With the use of these results, the calculated limits of detection were determined to be 1 × 10(-8) M for 1-pyOH and 9 × 10(-11) M for 1-pyOglu.
The concentration of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (c-PAHs) present in the sediment and water of Peninsular Malaysia as well as in the cockle Anadara granosa was investigated. Samples were extracted and analysed with gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. The concentrations of total carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (t-PAHs) were measured between 0.80 +/- 0.04 to 162.96 +/- 14.74 ng/g wet weight (ww) in sediment, between 21.85 +/- 2.18 to 76.2 +/- 10.82 ng/L in water samples and between 3.34 +/- 0.77 to 46.85 +/- 5.50 ng/g ww in the cockle tissue. The risk assessment of probable human carcinogens in the Group B2 PAHs was calculated and assessed in accordance with the standards of the United States Environmental Protection Agency (US EPA). Case I in the toxicity assessment analysed the cancer risk to consumers of Malaysian blood cockle. Case II assessed the risk of cancer from exposure to PAHs from multiple pathways. The average cancer risk of case I and case II were found to be classifiable as unsafe according to the US EPA standard. The cancer risk due to c-PAHs acquired by the ingestion of blood cockle was (8.82 +/- 0.54) x 10-6 to (2.67 +/- 0.06) x 10(-2), higher than the US EPA risk management criterion. The non-cancer risks associated with multiple pathways in Kuala Gula, Kuala Juru and Kuala Perlis were higher than the U.S. EPA safe level, but the non-cancer risk for eating blood cockle was below the level of U.S. EPA concern.
Burning biomass fuels such as wood on indoor open-pit stoves is common in developing regions. In such settings, exposure to harmful combustion products such as fine particulate matter (PM(2.5)), carbon monoxide (CO) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) is of concern. We aimed to investigate if the replacement of open pit stoves by improved stoves equipped with a chimney would significantly reduce exposure to PAHs, PM(2.5) and CO. Two stove projects were evaluated in Peru. Program A was part of the Juntos National Program in which households built their own stoves using materials provided. In Program B, Barrick Gold Corporation hired a company to produce and install the stoves locally. A total of 30 and 27 homes participated in Program A and B, respectively. We collected personal and kitchen air samples, as well as morning urine samples from women tasked with cooking in the households before and after the installation of the improved stoves. Median levels of PM(2.5) and CO were significantly reduced in kitchen and personal air samples by 47-74% after the installation of the new stoves, while the median reduction of 10 urinary hydroxylate PAH metabolites (OH-PAHs) was 19%-52%. The observed OH-PAH concentration in this study was comparable or higher than the 95th percentile of the general U.S. population, even after the stove intervention, indicating a high overall exposure in this population.
The association between oxidative stress and exposure to environmental chemicals was assessed in a group of Japanese preschool children. The concentrations of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG), 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), inorganic arsenic (iAs) and monomethylarsonic acid (MMA), and cotinine in spot urine samples, collected from 134 children (3-6 yrs) from a kindergarten in Kanagawa, Japan, were measured as biomarkers of oxidative stress or exposure to environmental chemicals. For 76 subjects of the 134, intakes of anti-oxidant nutrients (vitamins A, C, and E, manganese, copper, zinc and selenium (Se)) were estimated from a food consumption survey carried out 2-4 weeks after urine sampling and by urine analysis (Se). The median (min-max) creatinine-corrected concentrations of urinary biomarkers were 4.45 (1.98-12.3), 0.127 (0.04-2.41), 4.78 (1.18-12.7), and 0.62 (<0.6-19.0) μg/g cre for 8-OHdG, 1-OHP, iAs+MMA, and cotinine, respectively. Multiple regression analysis was carried out using 8-OHdG concentration as a dependent variable and urinary biomarkers of exposure and Se intake, intakes of vitamins and biological attributes of the subjects as independent variables. To explain 8-OHdG concentrations, intake of vitamin A and age were significant variables with negative coefficients, while 1-OHP concentration had a positive coefficient. These results indicated that oxidative stress of children is affected by chemical exposure at environmental levels, by nutrient intake and by physiological factors in a complex manner. On the other hand, unstable statistical results due to sub-grouping of subject, based on the availability of food consumption data, were found: the present results should further be validated by future studies with suitable research design.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) during pregnancy is known to increase oxidative stress, which may influence pregnancy outcomes and health of the child. SUBJECTS/METHODS: This study investigated whether fruit and vegetable intake modifies the relationship between exposure to PAHs and oxidative stress status during pregnancy. Urinary levels of 2-naphthol and 1-hydroxypyrene (biomarkers of exposure to PAHs), and malondialdehyde (MDA; a biomarker of oxidative stress) were analyzed in 715 pregnant women at 12-28 weeks of gestation. The dietary antioxidant intake during pregnancy was estimated using the 24-h recall method. Urinary 2-naphthol, 1-hydroxypyrene and MDA levels were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography-fluorescence detection. RESULTS: The urinary MDA level was positively correlated with the 2-naphthol level (r=0.255, P<0.001) and 1-hydroxypyrene level (r=0.240, P<0.001). Multiple regression analysis after adjustment for covariates revealed that the urinary 1-hydroxypyrene level was positively associated with the MDA level; these positive associations only existed in pregnant women, with either the fruit and vegetable intake or the vitamin C intake in the first tertile (<390.1 g/day) or in the first and second tertiles (<141.5 mg/day), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that an adequate maternal intake of fruit, vegetables and vitamin C is beneficial to the defense against the oxidative stress associated with exposure to PAHs in pregnant women. 
BACKGROUND: Cooking with biomass fuels on open fires results in exposure to health-damaging pollutants such as carbon monoxide (CO), polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), and particulate matter. OBJECTIVE: We compared CO exposures and urinary PAH biomarkers pre- and postintervention with an improved biomass stove, the Patsari stove. METHODS: In a subsample of 63 women participating in a randomized controlled trial in central Mexico, we measured personal CO exposure for 8 hr during the day using continuous monitors and passive samplers. In addition, first-morning urine samples obtained the next day were analyzed for monohydroxylated PAH metabolites by gas chromatography/isotope dilution/high-resolution mass spectrometry. Exposure data were collected during the use of an open fire (preintervention) and after installation of the improved stove (postintervention) for 47 women, enabling paired comparisons. RESULTS: Median pre- and postintervention values were 4 and 1 ppm for continuous personal CO and 3 and 1 ppm for passive sampler CO, respectively. Postintervention measurements indicated an average reduction of 42% for hydroxylated metabolites of naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene, and pyrene on a whole-weight concentration basis (micrograms per liter of urine), and a 34% reduction on a creatinine-adjusted basis (micrograms per gram of creatinine). Pre- and postintervention geometric mean values for 1-hydroxypyrene were 3.2 and 2.0 μg/g creatinine, respectively. CONCLUSION: Use of the Patsari stove significantly reduced CO and PAH exposures in women. However, levels of many PAH biomarkers remained higher than those reported among smokers. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are pollutants found in living and working environments. The aim of this study was to develop a solid-phase microextraction (SPME) gas chromatography (GC)-isotope dilution mass spectrometry method for the quantification of 10 four- to six-ring PAHs in urine samples. Seven of the selected PAHs have been classified as carcinogenic. Under the final conditions, analytes were sampled with a 100-μm polydimethylsiloxane SPME fibre for 60 min at 80 °C and desorbed in the injection port of the GC at 270 °C. Fluoranthene, pyrene, benz[a]anthracene, chrysene, benzo[b]fluoranthene, benzo[k]fluoranthene, benzo[a]pyrene, dibenzo[a,h]anthracene, indeno[1,2,3-cd]pyrene and benzo[ghi]perylene were separated using a highly arylene-modified phase capillary column and quantified by MS using eight deuterated PAHs as surrogate internal standards. Limits of quantification (LOQ) were in the 0.5- to 2.2-ng/L range. Validation showed linear dynamic ranges up to 340 ng/L, inter- and intra-run precisions <20%, and accuracies within 20% of spiked concentrations. Matrix effect evaluation and the use of control charts to monitor process performances showed that the isotope dilution approach allowed for the control of bias sources. Urinary PAHs were above or equal to LOQ, depending on different compounds, in 58-100% (min-max), 40-100% and 5-39% of samples from coke oven workers (n = 12), asphalt workers (n = 10) and individuals not occupationally exposed to PAHs (n = 18), respectively. Chrysene was the most abundant PAH determined with median levels of 62.6, 6.9 and <0.6 ng/L, respectively. These results show that the method is suitable for quantifying carcinogenic PAHs in specimens from individuals with different levels of PAH exposure.
Road pavement workers are exposed to many known carcinogens in their complex occupational environment. The study makes an attempt to investigate exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) from the bitumen fumes among the road pavement workers engaged in different pavement sites at Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu and to thereby determine the genotoxic effects associated with it. The study included 36 road pavers and 37 control subjects with similar mean ages, smoking prevalence and alcohol consumption and was analyzed for DNA damage in blood leucocytes by Micronucleus assay (MN) and the Comet assay. The mean urinary 1-OHP concentration in road pavers (1.68 ∓ 0.93) was significantly higher than in controls (0.55 ∓ 0.42). The results of MN test and comet assay showed that the mean micronuclei rate in workers was significantly higher than those in controls (P <0.05). The results of our study indicated that the genetic damage was detectable in road paving workers occupationally exposed to bitumen and also demonstrate the high sensitivity of comet assay to assess early oxidative effects induced by exposure to bitumen fumes at low doses and confirm the suitability of urinary 1-OHP as a biomarker of PAH exposure.
PURPOSE: The objectives of this study were to explore the factors influencing urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) levels in diesel engine exhaust emission inspectors (inspectors), the association between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) exposure and fine particulate matter (PM(2.5)) levels in diesel exhaust particles (DEPs), and the PAHs exposure levels in diesel vehicle emission inspection stations (inspection stations). METHODS: Twenty-eight inspectors and a control group of thirty-eight individuals matched by age and gender were recruited for this study. Fifteen ambient air samples and eighty-four personal air samples were monitored during 3-day work periods using a repeated-measures study design in each inspection station. Airborne samples were analyzed with a fluorescence detector and by high-performance liquid chromatography. Urinary 8-OHdG was measured in 168 pre- and post-work urine samples from inspectors, and in 38 urine samples from controls. RESULTS: The concentrations of PAHs in DEP(2.5) (PM(2.5) in DEPs) were significantly and positively related to urinary log(10) 8-OHdG levels after adjusting for smoking status and BMI. Statistically, there was a significant correlation between air log(10) PAHs and air log(10) PM(2.5) concentrations in inspectors. Fifteen PAHs compounds within DEP(2.5) revealed the concentrations ranged from 5.18 to 22.93 ng/m(3) in ambient air monitoring and 1.03 to 12.60 ng/m(3) in personal air monitoring. CONCLUSIONS: This study is the first to indicate an association between occupational PAHs exposure from DEP(2.5) at an inspection station and an increased excretion of urinary 8-OHdG in inspectors. In addition, this study also found smoking is not a confounder in inspectors exposed to PAHs in DEP(2.5). 
OBJECTIVES: The object of this study was to assess the modulating effects of genetic polymorphisms of glycine N-methyltransferase (GNMT) genotypes on 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) in urine from coke-oven workers, consistently exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). METHODS: The study participants included 289 coke-oven workers from a steel company in Taiwan. Personal air samples, spot urine samples, peripheral blood samples, and questionnaires were used to quantify PAH exposure, oxidative DNA damage, GNMT gene polymorphisms, demographic data, and environmental pollutants. RESULTS: Urinary 1-OHP level, GNMT STRP1 genotype, and worksite were significant predictors of urinary 8-OHdG levels after adjustments were made for covariates. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that GNMT STRP1 could modulate urinary 1-OHP and 8-OHdG levels in coke-oven workers exposed to PAHs. 
A repeated measurement cohort study was conducted to determine whether 2-napthol can be a suitable biomarker for evaluating the magnitude of exposure to PAHs from coke oven emissions. Time-course patterns of urinary 2-naphthol levels in coke-oven workers were examined. Also, the correlation between urinary 2-naphthol levels and PAHs from personal breathing zone samples was analyzed while examining and adjusting possible confounding factors, such as smoking alcohol consumption, and age of human subjects. A total of 8 spot urine samples were collected from each high-exposure group (topside-oven workers, n = 17) and low-exposure group (side-oven workers, n = 25) during the whole working cycle, which consists of six consecutive working days followed by 2 days off. Personal breathing zone samples were collected to quantify PAH intake. A questionnaire was distributed and collected from each worker for assessment of demographic parameters. Our results confirmed that the topside-oven area contained significantly higher PAH levels than the side-oven area. Urinary 2-naphthol levels correlated with the levels of PAH species, including pyrene, benzo[k]fluoranthene, benezo[g,h,i]pyrene, naphthalene, phenanthrene, anthracene, indeno[1,2,3-cd]pyrene, benzo[k]fluoranthene, and total PAHs. During the working cycle, urinary 2-naphthol levels remained stable at around 46-97 ng/mg creatinine during the working days and dramatically increased during the off days. After stratification of data based on smoking status, smokers had significantly higher urinary 2-naphthol levels than non-smokers, and 2-naphthol levels positively correlated with smoking status. Coke-oven emissions are a source of exposure to naphthalene. Also, smoking is a significant source of exposure to naphthalene and served as a confounder factor. Due to its abundance, positive association with total PAHs and certain carcinogenic PAH compounds, and slower elimination kinetics, urinary 2-naphthol may have the potential to serve as a biomarker for PAH exposure, when smoking status is carefully adjusted.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are an important class of environmental contaminants many of which require metabolic activation to DNA-reactive bay or fjord region diolepoxides (DE) in order to exert their mutagenic and carcinogenic effects. In this study, the mutagenicity of the bay region diolepoxides (+)-anti-7,8-dihydroxy-9,10-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (BPDE) and (±)-anti-1,2-dihydroxy-3,4-epoxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydrodibenzo[a,h]anthracene (DBADE) and the fjord region diolepoxides (±)-anti-11,12-dihydroxy-13,14-epoxy-11,12,13,14-tetrahydrodibenzo[a,l]-pyrene (DBPDE) and (±)-anti-3,4-dihydroxy-1,2-epoxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydrobenzo[c]-phenanthrene (BPhDE) was compared in nucleotide excision repair (NER) proficient and deficient hamster cell lines. The (32)P-postlabelling assay was applied to analyze DNA adduct levels and the Hprt gene mutation assay for monitoring mutations. Previously, we found that the mutagenicity per adduct was four times higher for DBPDE compared to BPDE in NER proficient cells. In these same cells, the mutagenicity of DBADE and BPhDE adducts was now found to be significantly lower compared to that of BPDE. In NER deficient cells the highest mutagenicity per adduct was found for BPDE and there was a tenfold and fivefold difference when comparing the BPDE data with the DBADE and BPhDE data, respectively. In order to investigate to what extent the mutagenicity of the different adducts in NER proficient cells was influenced by repair or replication bypass, we measured the overall NER incision rate, the rate of adduct removal, the rate of replication bypass and the frequency of induced recombination in the Hprt gene. Since NER turned out to be an important pathway for the yield of mutations, we further analyzed the role of transcription coupled NER versus global genome NER. However, our data demonstrate that neither of these pathways seems to be the sole factor determining the mutation frequency of the four PAH-DE and that the differences in the repair efficiency of these compounds could not be related to the presence of a bay or fjord region in the parent PAH.
In this study, we investigated the immunotoxicities of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in 54 automobile emission inspectors and in 84 control subjects, and evaluated associations between immunological and genotoxicological parameters. Specific surface antigens of peripheral lymphocytes, namely, CD3, CD4, CD8, CD19, and CD69 were subjected to measure immune status in automobile emission inspectors and control subjects. T-and B-cells showed no significant differences between automobile emission inspectors and control subjects (p=0.740 and 0.395). In addition, the ratio of T helper cells to T cytotoxic cells was not deferent (p=0.144). However, T-cell activation was found to be significantly higher in automobile emission inspectors (p=0.041), but not B-cell activation. The levels of two cytokines (IL-4 an INF-γ) and four immunoglobulins (IgA, IgE, IgG, and IgM) were also determined in automobile emission inspectors and control subjects. All immunoglobulin types were lower in automobile emission inspectors, but this was significant only for IgG (0.047). In addition, the levels of two cytokines, IL-4 and INF-γ, were also higher in automobile emission inspectors, though this was not significant. DNA damage in mononuclear and polynuclear lymphocytes and in the level of urinary metabolites, 1-OHP and 2-naphthol, were evaluated in automobile emission inspectors and in control subjects and significant differences were found between the two groups. Examinations of urinary metabolites, DNA damage, and immunological parameters, including leukocyte subpopulations, immunoglobulins, and cytokines, showed that the cytokines levels were associated with the levels of two urinary metabolites, 1-OHP and 2-naphthol.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are associated with an increased cancer risk. CYP1A1 and GSTs enzymes are important in metabolism of PAHs. Genetic polymorphisms of these enzymes are responsible for enzyme activity and concentration variation. The objectives of this study were to evaluate association of 1-OHP concentration with genetic polymorphisms of CYP1A1 and GSTs in Thai bus drivers. The results showed that 1-OHP levels in bus drivers were significantly higher than that in the control group. Significant difference in 1-OHP was found between smokers and non-smokers, in only bus drivers. Significantly increasing of 1-OHP levels were observed in bus drivers with CYP1A1 MspI and exon 7 variants. Whereas, bus drivers with GSTP1 Val and GSTM1 null genotypes showed decreasing in excretion of 1-OHP. No association between 1-OHP and polymorphisms of GSTT1 was found. This study indicated that 1-OHP concentrations were associated with exposure to air pollution, cigarette smoking and polymorphisms of CYP1A1, GSTM1 and GSTP1 genes.
BACKGROUND: The effects of emissions from coal-fired power plants on children's exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are not well understood. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to evaluate the sources and the urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene, a biomarker of exposure to PAHs, among children living in proximity to a coal-fired power plant. METHODS: Study areas consisted of two high exposure and two low exposure communities, at different distances and directions from a large coal-fired power plant in central Taiwan. Study subjects included 369 children aged 1-13 years and randomly selected from each community. Each child's urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration was measured by a high-performance liquid chromatography-fluorescence detector method. Samples of ambient air were analyzed for PAHs using a gas chromatography-mass spectrometry method. Information on important factors was collected by an interview using a structured questionnaire. Multiple regression analysis was used to assess factors significantly associated with urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels. RESULTS: Levels of PAHs in ambient air in the high exposure communities were higher than those in the low exposure communities. Children living in high exposure communities had higher mean urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations than those in low exposure communities (0.186 and 0.194 vs. 0.113 and 0.122 μmol/mol-creatinine, respectively). The difference in urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels between the high exposure communities and one low exposure community remained significant after adjusting for age, gender, environmental tobacco smoke, dietary exposure, and traffic. CONCLUSIONS: Children living in communities downwind of and in proximity to the coal-fired power plant had significantly increased urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels. 
Coal tar ointments (CTO) are frequently used in the treatment of psoriasis and eczema, but CTO contain carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). PAH are absorbed and metabolized in the skin. In psoriasis, the skin barrier is altered and therefore, absorption and metabolism of PAH may differ from healthy skin. In this study, levels of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and PAH-DNA adducts in the skin were studied in psoriatic patients and healthy volunteers. Three punch biopsies were taken from the lower back of 10 male volunteers and from a psoriatic plaque in 10 male patients. A surface of 6.25 cm(2) was treated with CTO. After 96 h CTO was removed and another three skin biopsies were collected from the treated area. DNA was isolated from skin biopsies and urine was collected during and after the exposure period. After 24h, a twofold lower 1-hydroxypyrene urinary excretion was observed in patients compared to healthy volunteers and after 48 h, this difference reached statistical significance (p<0.05). Over 96 h the median level of the sum of PAH-DNA adducts, analyzed by (32)P-post-labeling, increased from 3.5 before CTO administration to 21.1 adducts per 10(8) nucleotides in volunteers, and from 1.0 to 3.6 adducts per 10(8) nucleotides in patients. At 96 h, PAH-DNA levels were higher in healthy volunteers than in patients (p<0.05). Biomarkers for uptake, bioavailability and bioactivation of PAH were lower in patients compared to volunteers. These data suggest a lower risk of carcinogenic effects of CTO in psoriatic skin compared to healthy skin.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are combustion products of organic materials, mixtures of which contain multiple known and probable human carcinogens. PAHs occur in indoor and outdoor air, as well as in char-broiled meats and fish. Human exposure to PAHs occurs by inhalation, ingestion and topical absorption, and subsequently formed metabolites are either rendered hydrophilic and excreted, or bioactivated and bound to cellular macromolecules. The formation of PAH-DNA adducts (DNA binding products), considered a necessary step in PAH-initiated carcinogenesis, has been widely studied in experimental models and has been documented in human tissues. This review describes immunohistochemistry (IHC) studies, which reveal localization of PAH-DNA adducts in human tissues, and semi-quantify PAH-DNA adduct levels using the Automated Cellular Imaging System (ACIS). These studies have shown that PAH-DNA adducts concentrate in: basal and supra-basal epithelium of the esophagus, cervix and vulva; glandular epithelium of the prostate; and cytotrophoblast cells and syncitiotrophoblast knots of the placenta. The IHC photomicrographs reveal the ubiquitous nature of PAH-DNA adduct formation in human tissues as well as PAH-DNA adduct accumulation in specific, vulnerable, cell types. This semi-quantative method for PAH-DNA adduct measurement could potentially see widespread use in molecular epidemiology studies.
This study aims to examine global gene expression profiles before and after the work-shift among coke-oven workers (COWs). COWs work six consecutive days and then take two days off. Two blood and urine samples in each worker were collected before starting to work after two days off and end-of-shift in the sixth day of work in 2009. Altered gene expressions (ratio of gene expression levels between end-of-shift and preshift work) were performed by a Human OneArray expression system which probes ~30,000-transcription expression profiling of human genes. Sixteen workers, all men, were enrolled in this study. Median urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1OHP) levels (μmol/mol creatinine) in end-of-shift work were significantly higher than those in preshift work (2.58 vs 0.29, p = 0.0002). Among the 20,341 genes which passed experimental quality control, 26 gene expression changes, 7 positive and 19 negative, were highly correlated with across-the-shift urinary 1OHP levels (end-of-shift-preshift 1OHP) (p-value <0.001). The high and low exposure groups of across-the-shift urinary 1OHP levels dichotomized in ~2.00 μmol/mol creatinine were able to be distinguished by these 26 genes. Some of them are known to be involved in apoptosis, chromosome stability/DNA repair, cell cycle control/tumor suppressor, cell adhesion, development/spermatogenesis, immune function, and neuronal cell function. These findings in COWs will be an ideal model to study the relationship of PAH exposure with acute changes of gene expressions.
Urine analysis of monohydroxy metabolites is recognized as an accurate assessment of human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. Despite the sophisticated arsenal of analytical tools, monitoring of monohydroxy metabolites via simple, cost effective and direct methods of analysis still remains a challenge. This article evaluates the analytical potential of solid-phase extraction room-temperature fluorescence spectroscopy for the problem at hand. Extraction membranes serve the dual purpose of sample pre-concentration and solid substrate for RTF measurements. The potential of our proposition is demonstrated with the analysis of 2-hydroxy-fluorene, 1-hydroxy-pyrene, 3-hydroxy-benzo[a]pyrene and 9-hydroxy-phenanthrene in synthetic urine samples. Signal reproducibility is improved with the aid of a sample holder specifically designed for the manual optimization of luminescence signals. Background correction of solid substrates is carried out with the aid of Asymmetric Least Squares. Recovery values for the studied metabolites varied from 99.0 ± 1.2% (3-hydroxy-benzo[a]pyrene) to 99.9 ± 0.05% (1-hydroxy-pyrene). With only 10 mL of urine sample, the limits of detection varied from 57 pg mL(-1) (2-hydroxy-fluorene) to 2 pg mL(-1) (1-hydroxy-pyrene). Additional figures of merit include a simple experimental procedure for routine screening of numerous samples and compatibility with portable instrumentation for field analysis. Because of the non-destructive nature of fluorescence measurements, membranes can be brought to the lab for subsequent elution and confirmation of compounds via high-resolution techniques.
The purpose of this study was to address the association between the ataxia telangiectasia mutated (ATM) gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to DNA repair capacity (DRC) among polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs)-exposed workers. Polymorphisms of ATM were genotyped. DRC was determined by comet assay. Chromosomal damage was detected by cytokinesis-block micronucleus (CBMN) assay. Flow cytometry was used to detect the distributions of cell cycle. Expressions of ATM and rH2AX were determined by immunoblotting analysis. Luciferase assays were performed to determine the functional difference of ATM promoter region allele. Subjects carrying T allele of rs228589 had significantly lower DRC compared with those with AA genotype. Subjects carrying G allele of rs652311 had significantly lower DRC than those with zero copy number of haplotype CGGT. SH ataxia telangiectasia mutated (SHATM) cells had significantly lower DRC than SH green fluorescent protein (SHGFP) cells induced by bleomycin and higher CBMN frequencies treated by benzo(a)pyrene [B(a)P] than SHGFP cells. After B(a)P treatment, a decrease in the percentage of G1 phase cells was observed in SHATM cells compared with SHGFP cells, rH2AX expressions were increased in SHATM cells and SHGFP cells, but ATM expressions had no change in 16HBE-SHGFP cells and HEK-SHGFP cells. Luciferase expression was not different between rs228589T and rs228589A plasmid constructs. In conclusions, it is suggested that ATM polymorphisms are associated with DRC among PAHs-exposed workers and ATM plays key roles in repair of chromosomal damage and cell cycle control with the treatment of B(a)P.
Venous blood was drawn from 35 pregnant Hispanic women living in Brownsville, Texas, and matched cord blood was collected at birth. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry was used to measure concentrations of 55 individual PAHs or groups of PAHs. Results indicate that these women and their fetuses were regularly exposed to multiple PAHs at comparatively low concentrations, with levels in cord blood generally exceeding levels in paired maternal blood. While the possibility of related adverse effects on the fetus is uncertain, these exposures in combination with socioeconomically-disadvantaged and environmentally-challenging living conditions raise legitimate public health concerns.
To extend current knowledge on the underlying mechanisms of air pollution particulate matter (PM(2.5))-induced human lung toxicity, the metabolic activation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) within PM(2.5) and PAH-DNA bulky stable adduct patterns in human alveolar macrophage (AM) and/or human lung epithelial L132 cells in mono- and cocultures were studied. In the coculture system, only human AM were exposed to air pollution PM(2.5), unlike L132 cells. Particles, inorganic fraction and positive controls [i.e. TiO(2), thermally desorbed PM (dPM) and benzo[a]pyrene, B[a]P, respectively] were included in the experimental design. Cytochrome P450 (CYP) 1A1 gene expression, CYP1A1 catalytic activity and PAH-DNA bulky stable adducts were studied after 24, 48 and/or 72 h. Relatively low doses of PAH within PM(2.5) induced CYP1A1 gene expression and CYP1A1 catalytic activity in human AM and, thereafter, PAH-DNA bulky stable adduct formation. Adduct spots in PM(2.5) -exposed human AM were higher than those in dPM-exposed ones, thereby showing the incomplete removal of PAH by thermal desorption. PAH within air pollution PM(2.5) induced CYP1A1 gene expression but not CYP1A1 catalytic activity in L132 cells. However, despite the absence of PAH-DNA bulky stable adduct in L132 cells from human AM/L132 cell cocultures exposed to dPM(2.5) or PM(2.5), reliable quantifiable PAH-DNA bulky stable adducts were observed in L132 cells from human AM/L132 cell coculture exposed to B[a]P. Taken together, these results support the exertion of genotoxicity of highly reactive B[a]P-derived metabolites produced within human AM not only in primary target human AM, but also in secondary target L132 cells.
Recent studies have linked increased polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in air and adverse fetal health outcomes. Urinary PAH metabolites are of interest for exposure assessment if they can predict PAHs in air. We investigated exposure to PAHs by collecting air and urine samples among pregnant women pre-selected as living in "high" (downtown and close to steel mills, n=9) and "low" (suburban, n=10) exposure areas. We analyzed first-morning urine voids from all 3 trimesters of pregnancy for urinary PAH metabolites and compared these to personal air PAH/PM(2.5)/NO(2)/NO(X) samples collected in the 3rd trimester. We also evaluated activities and home characteristics, geographic indicators and outdoor central site PM(2.5)/NO(2)/NO(X) (all trimesters). Personal air exposures to the lighter molecular weight (MW) PAHs were linked to indoor sources (candles and incense), whereas the heavier PAHs were related to outdoor sources. Geometric means of all personal air measurements were higher in the "high" exposure group. We suggest that centrally monitored heavier MW PAHs could be used to predict personal exposures for heavier PAHs only. Urine metabolites were only directly correlated with their parent air PAHs for phenanthrene (Pearson's r=0.31-0.45) and fluorene (r=0.37-0.58). Predictive models suggest that specific metabolites (3-hydroyxyfluorene and 3-hydroxyphenanthrene) may be related to their parent air PAH exposures. The metabolite 2-hydroxynaphthalene was linked to smoking and the metabolite 1-hydroxypyrene was linked to dietary exposures. For researchers interested in predicting exposure to airborne lighter MW PAHs using urinary PAH metabolites, we propose that hydroxyfluorene and hydroxyphenanthrene metabolites be considered.
Plasma technology is becoming increasingly important for treating various environmental pollutants. Treatment of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), such as those emitted from electric ovens while roasting pork, using an atmospheric plasma reactor has seldom been studied. This study investigated the characteristics of five PAH species (acenaphthalene (AcPy), acenaphthene (Acp), anthracene (Ant), benzo[a]anthracene (BaA), and benzo(ghi)perylene (BghiP)) in fumes emitted while roasting pork. The removal efficiency at different plasma output powers (0.112, 0.138, and 0.156 kJ/m(3)) of the reactor was also investigated. In the experiments, cooking fumes were generated by a small electrical oven, with pork being roasted at 200 °C. After a steady state was reached, samples were collected at the inlet and outlet of the atmospheric plasma reactor. The PAHs were analyzed using gas chromatography-mass spectrophotometry. The experimental results indicated that the removal efficiency for each PAH was highest with the highest plasma reactor output power. This was also true of the total PAH concentration, but the total toxic equivalence, BaP(eq), was lowest at the medium power output. This demonstrates that the total toxicity and the removal of PAHs were not directly proportional, and careful consideration must be made by engineers when setting the treatment conditions.
Among a health cooperation project, we had the opportunity to study the internal polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure of residents from urban and rural areas in Afghanistan. Urine samples from 13 children (age 2.0-9 years) and 42 adults (age 20-65 years) were collected. A total of 25 participants were from Kabul, and 30 participants lived in a rural area. The determination of 1-hydroxypyrene and hydroxyphenanthrenes was carried out by high performance liquid chromatography and fluorescence detection. Median (range) were as follows (n=55): 1-hydroxypyrene 1646 ng/l (71-16,288 ng/l) and sum of 1-, 2- and 9-, 3-, 4-OH-phenanthrenes 3602 ng/l (116-19,670 ng/l). These results indicate a high PAH exposure, compared with the general population in more developed countries. The levels of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine of women (all non-smokers) from the rural area were higher than those from Kabul (N, median, range): rural 15, 2095, 334-11,357 ng/l; Kabul 11, 748,137-5332 ng/l. All households from the rural area used open fires for cooking and energy. We conclude that populations in low-developed countries may be at special risk to increased PAH exposure due to inadequate control of air pollution from car emissions and due to burning of biomass fuels for cooking and household energy.
Production of carbon nanofibers and nanotubes (CNFs/CNTs) and their composite products is increasing globally. High-volume production may increase the exposure risks for workers who handle these materials. Though health effects data for CNFs/CNTs are limited, some studies raise serious health concerns. Given the uncertainty about their potential hazards, there is an immediate need for toxicity data and field studies to assess exposure to CNFs/CNTs. An extensive study was conducted at a facility that manufactures and processes CNFs. Filter, sorbent, cascade impactor, bulk, and microscopy samples, combined with direct-reading instruments, provided complementary information on air contaminants. Samples were analyzed for organic and elemental carbon (OC and EC), metals, and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), with EC as a measure of CNFs. Transmission electron microscopy with energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy also was applied. Fine/ultrafine iron-rich soot, PAHs, and carbon monoxide were production byproducts. Direct-reading instrument results were reported previously [Evans DE et al. (Aerosol monitoring during carbon nanofiber production: mobile direct-reading sampling. Ann Occup Hyg 2010; 54:514-31)]. Results for time-integrated samples are reported as companion papers in this issue. OC and EC, metals, and microscopy results are reported in Part I [Birch ME et al. (Exposure and emissions monitoring during carbon nanofiber production-Part I: elemental carbon and iron-soot aerosols. Ann Occup Hyg 2011; 55: 1016-36.)] whereas results for PAHs are reported here. Naphthalene and acenaphthylene were the dominant PAHs with average concentrations ranging from 115 to 336 μg m(-3) and 35 to 84 μg m(-3), respectively. Concentrations of other PAHs ranged from ∼1 to 10 μg m(-3).
Eelpouts (Zoarces viviparus) sampled at surveillance stations during the fall of 2007 and spring 2008 in different Danish coastal areas, were studied for biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) exposure and effects. Two analytical techniques, synchronous fluorescence spectrometry (SFS) and high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection (HPLC/F), were applied for detecting PAH metabolites in bile and urine. CYP1A activity, in this study regarded as potential biomarker of effect, was measured as 7-ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD) activity in liver of eelpouts from different stations. Biliary PAH metabolite measurements were used for monitoring the environmental PAH load at the surveillance stations. There was found significant difference in biliary PAH metabolite content between sexes with male fish containing higher concentrations of PAH metabolites than females. The urinary PAH metabolite content did not show the same spatial trends as biliary PAH metabolites. However, fish from Aarhus Bight and Vejle Fjord had significantly higher levels of PAH metabolites in both urine and bile compared to the reference station Agersø. Normalisation methods applied for bile and urine matrices did not have any effect or only slightly reduced the coefficients of variation in data sets. The CYP1A activity in eelpout liver did not show the same spatial distribution trends between sampling sites as did biliary or urinary PAH metabolite contents. Male eelpouts showed significantly higher CYP1A activity than females in fall sampling period but there were no differences found in the spring period. General comparison between both seasons showed that eelpouts sampled in the fall had significantly higher CYP1A activity than fish sampled during spring season. Overall, the results of this study describe selected biomarker responses in eelpouts to environmental PAH load at the different areas along Danish coasts.
UNLABELLED: Indoor air pollution is considered to be a serious public health issue in Mexico; therefore, more studies regarding this topic are necessary. In this context, we assessed exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and volatile organic compounds in: (i) women who use firewood combustion (indoor) for cooking and heating using traditional open fire; (ii) women who use firewood combustion (outdoor) for cooking and heating using traditional open fire; and (iii) women who use LP gas as the principal energy source. We studied 96 healthy women in San Luis Potosi, México. Urine samples were collected, and analyses of the following urinary exposure biomarkers were performed by high-performance liquid chromatography: 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), trans, trans-muconic acid, and hippuric acid (HA). The highest levels of 1-OHP, trans, trans-muconic acid, and HA were found in communities where women were exposed to indoor biomass combustion smoke (or products; geometric mean ± s.d., 3.98 ± 5.10 μmol/mol creatinine; 4.81 ± 9.60 μg/l 1-OHP; 0.87 ± 1.78 mg/g creatinine for trans, trans-muconic acid; and 1.14 ± 0.91 g/g creatinine for HA). Our findings indicate higher exposure levels to all urinary exposure biomarkers studied in women who use indoor firewood combustion for cooking and heating (using traditional open fire). PRACTICAL IMPLICATIONS: High mean levels of 1-hydroxypyrene, t,t-muconic acid, and hippuric acid were found in women who use firewood combustion (indoor) for cooking and heating using traditional open fire and taking into account that millions of women and children in Mexico are living in scenarios similar to those studied in this report, the assessment of health effects in women and children exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and volatile organic compounds is urgently needed. Moreover, it is immediately necessary an intervention program to reduce exposure. 
The polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) dibenzo(a,h)anthracene, benzo(ghi)perylene, benzo(b)fluoranthene and benzo(a)pyrene have been identified in urban air from Mexico City and some of them are classified as human carcinogens. In the present study, human peripheral blood lymphocytes were exposed in vitro to different concentrations of PAHs with (+S9) or without (-S9) metabolic activation. The genotoxic and cytotoxic effects of each PAH were examined with an alkaline comet assay and trypan blue dye exclusion, and oxidative DNA damage was determined via the detection of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OhdG) adduct levels by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). The DNA damage was evaluated with two genotoxicity parameters: the frequency of comets and the comet tail length. Concentrations of 20, 40, 80, 160 and 320 µM DB(a,h)A-S9; 20, 40, 80, 160 and 240 µM B(ghi)P-S9; 20, 30, 40, 60 and 80 µM B(b)F-S9; and 80 µM B(a)P-S9 for 24 h induced a small but significant increase in the means of comet frequency, in the tail length and in the 8-oHDg levels in relation to the control (0.5% DMSO-S9). However, all PAHs+S9 produced a more significant increase in DNA strand breaks and the level of 8-OHdG compared with the control (0.5% DMSO+S9), with a concentration-effect relationship. The viability of lymphocytes exposed to all PAHs-S9 and PAHs+S9 was not modified compared with the control. The results of this study demonstrate that the comet and ELISA are rapid, suitable and sensitive methods to detect in vitro PAH-induced DNA damage in human peripheral lymphocytes.
BACKGROUND: Sufficient epidemiologic evidence shows an etiologic link between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) exposure and lung cancer risk. While the genetic modifications have been found in PAH-exposed population, it is unclear whether gene-specific methylation involves in the process of PAH-associated biologic consequence. METHODS: Sixty-nine PAH-exposed workers and 59 control subjects were recruited. Using bisulfite sequencing, we examined the methylation status of p16(INK4α) promoter in peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBL) from PAH-exposed workers and in benzo(a)pyrene (BaP)-transformed human bronchial epithelial (HBE) cells. The relationships between p16(INK4α) methylation and the level of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) or the frequency of cytokinesis block micronucleus (CBMN) were analyzed. RESULTS: Compared with the control group, PAH-exposed workers exhibited higher levels of urinary 1-OHP (10.62 vs. 2.52 μg/L), p16(INK4α) methylation (7.95% vs. 1.14% for 22 "hot" CpG sites), and CBMN (7.28% vs. 2.92%) in PBLs. p16(INK4α) hypermethylation in PAH-exposed workers exhibited CpG site specificity. Among the 35 CpG sites we analyzed, 22 were significantly hypermethylated. These 22 hypermethylated CpG sites were positively correlated to levels of urinary 1-OHP and CBMN in PBLs. Moreover, the hypermethylation and suppression of p16 expression was also found in BaP-transformed HBER cells. CONCLUSION: PAH exposure induced CpG site-specific hypermethylation of p16(INK4α) gene. The degree of p16(INK4α) methylation was associated with the levels of DNA damage and internal exposure. IMPACT: p16(INK4α) hypermethylation might be an essential biomarker for the exposure to PAHs and for early diagnosis of cancer. 
This paper provides the results of an investigation on dietary intakes and internal doses of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) for nonsmoking women from Beijing, China. Concentrations of PAHs were measured by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) for human milk, placenta, and umbilical cord blood samples from 40 nonsmoking women and for 144 composite food samples covering major food categories. Information on food consumption and estimated ingestion doses of PAHs by the cohort was also collected individually. Relationship among the studied human samples and relative importance of breastfeeding to the total exposure dose of infants were addressed. The median (mean and standard deviation) total concentrations of 15 PAHs in human milk, placenta, and umbilical cord blood with (or without) fat normalization were 278 (9.30 ± 5.75), 819 (35.9 ± 15.4), and 1370 (5.521 ± 3.71) ng/g of fat, respectively, and the corresponding levels of benzo[a]pyrene equivalent (B[a]P(equiv)) were 11.2 (0.473 ± 0.605), 16.2 (0.717 ± 0.318), and 13.1 (0.140 ± 0.225) ng/g of fat, respectively. The calculated intake of B[a]P(equiv) by Beijing cohort varied from 0.609 to 4.69 ng·kg(-1)·day(-1) with a median value of 1.93 (2.09 ± 0.921 mean ± standard deviation) ng·kg(-1)·day(-1). Significant correlations were found among human milk, placenta, and umbilical cord blood (p < 0.05) for low-molecular-weight PAHs, indicating selective transfer potential of individual PAHs from mother to fetus. Internal dose of PAHs was not in proportion to amounts of food ingestion, daily dietary intake, lifestyle, and social-demographic characteristics of the participants (p > 0.05). Ingested doses of PAHs (3.00-102 ng·kg(-1)·day(-1)), which were much higher than the inhaled doses (0.152-8.50 ng·kg(-1)·day(-1)), were 3-4 orders of magnitude lower than the recommended reference doses, unlikely to impose any obvious risk based on current knowledge.
INTRODUCTION: A physiologically based toxicokinetic (PBTK) model can predict blood and urine concentrations, given a certain exposure scenario of inhalation, dermal and/or oral exposure. The recently developed PBTK-model IndusChemFate is a unified model that mimics the uptake, distribution, metabolism and elimination of a chemical in a reference human of 70 kg. Prediction of the uptake by inhalation is governed by pulmonary exchange to blood. Oral uptake is simulated as a bolus dose that is taken up at a first-order rate. Dermal uptake is estimated by the use of a novel dermal physiologically based module that considers dermal deposition rate and duration of deposition. Moreover, evaporation during skin contact is fully accounted for and related to the volatility of the substance. Partitioning of the chemical and metabolite(s) over blood and tissues is estimated by a Quantitative Structure-Property Relationship (QSPR) algorithm. The aim of this study was to test the generic PBTK-model by comparing measured urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene in various inhalation and dermal exposure scenarios with the result of model simulations. EXPERIMENTAL: In the last three decades, numerous biomonitoring studies of PAH-exposed humans were published that used the bioindicator 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH-pyrene) in urine. Longitudinal studies that encompass both dosimetry and biomonitoring with repeated sampling in time were selected to test the accuracy of the PBTK-model by comparing the reported concentrations of 1-OHP in urine with the model-predicted values. Two controlled human volunteer studies and three field studies of workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) were included. RESULTS: The urinary pyrene-metabolite levels of a controlled human inhalation study, a transdermal uptake study of bitumen fume, efficacy of respirator use in electrode paste workers, cokery workers in shale oil industry and a longitudinal study of five coke liquefaction workers were compared to the PBTK-predicted values. The simulations showed that the model-predicted concentrations of urinary pyrene and metabolites over time, as well as peak-concentrations and total excreted amount in different exposure scenarios of inhalation and transdermal exposure were in all comparisons within an order of magnitude. The model predicts that only a very small fraction is excreted in urine as parent pyrene and as free 1-OH-pyrene. The predominant urinary metabolite is 1-OH-pyrene-glucuronide. Enterohepatic circulation of 1-OH-pyrene-glucuronide seems the reason of the delayed release from the body. CONCLUSIONS: It appeared that urinary excretion of pyrene and pyrene-metabolites in humans is predictable with the PBTK-model. The model outcomes have a satisfying accuracy for early testing, in so-called 1st tier simulations and in range finding. This newly developed generic PBTK-model IndusChemFate is a tool that can be used to do early explorations of the significance of uptake of pyrene in the human body following industrial or environmental exposure scenarios. And it can be used to optimize the sampling time and urine sampling frequency of a biomonitoring program. 
Many carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and their metabolites can bind covalently to DNA. Carcinogen-DNA adducts may lead to mutations in critical genes, eventually leading to cancer. In this study we report that fish oil (FO) blocks the formation of DNA adducts by detoxification of PAHs. B6C3F1 male mice were fed a FO or corn oil (CO) diet for 30 days. The animals were then treated with seven carcinogenic PAHs including benzo(a)pyrene (BaP) with one of two doses via a single intraperitoneal injection. Animals were terminated at 1, 3, or 7 d after treatment. The levels of DNA adducts were analyzed by the (32)P-postlabeling assay. Our results showed that the levels of total hepatic DNA adducts were significantly decreased in FO groups compared to CO groups with an exception of low PAH dose at 3 d (P = 0.067). Total adduct levels in the high dose PAH groups were 41.36±6.48 (Mean±SEM) and 78.72±8.03 in 10(9) nucleotides (P = 0.011), respectively, for the FO and CO groups at 7 d. Animals treated with the low dose (2.5 fold lower) PAHs displayed similar trends. Total adduct levels were 12.21±2.33 in the FO group and 24.07±1.99 in the CO group, P = 0.008. BPDE-dG adduct values at 7 d after treatment of high dose PAHs were 32.34±1.94 (CO group) and 21.82±3.37 (FO group) in 10(9) nucleotides with P value being 0.035. Low dose groups showed similar trends for BPDE-dG adduct in the two diet groups. FO significantly enhanced gene expression of Cyp1a1 in both the high and low dose PAH groups. Gstt1 at low dose of PAHs showed high levels in FO compared to CO groups with P values being 0.014. Histological observations indicated that FO played a hepatoprotective role during the early stages. Our results suggest that FO has a potential to be developed as a cancer chemopreventive agent.
OBJECTIVE: We previously reported an association between prenatal exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and lower birth weight, birth length, and head circumference. The main goal of the present analysis was to assess the possible impact of coexposure to PAH-containing barbecued meat consumed during pregnancy on birth outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The birth cohort consisted of 432 pregnant women who gave birth at term (>36 wk of gestation). Only non-smoking women with singleton pregnancies, 18-35 y of age, and who were free from chronic diseases such as diabetes and hypertension, were included in the study. Detailed information on diet over pregnancy was collected through interviews and the measurement of exposure to airborne PAHs was carried out by personal air monitoring during the second trimester of pregnancy. The effect of barbecued meat consumption on birth outcomes (birth weight, length, and head circumference at birth) was adjusted in multiple linear regression models for potential confounding factors such as prenatal exposure to airborne PAHs, child's sex, gestational age, parity, size of mother (maternal prepregnancy weight, weight gain in pregnancy), and prenatal environmental tobacco smoke. RESULTS: The multivariable regression model showed a significant deficit in birth weight associated with barbecued meat consumption in pregnancy (coeff = -106.0 g; 95%CI: -293.3, -35.8). The effect of exposure to airborne PAHs was about the same magnitude order (coeff. = -164.6 g; 95%CI: -172.3, -34.7). Combined effect of both sources of exposure amounted to birth weight deficit of 214.3 g (95%CI: -419.0, -9.6). Regression models performed for birth length and head circumference showed similar trends but the estimated effects were of borderline significance level. As the intake of barbecued meat did not affect the duration of pregnancy, the reduced birth weight could not have been mediated by a shortened gestation period. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, the study results provided epidemiologic evidence that prenatal PAH exposure from diet including grilled meat might be hazardous for fetal development. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are recognized as common environmental pollutants released into the environment from many natural as well as man-made sources, and some have been classified as potent carcinogens. The main representative of the carcinogenic PAH is benzo(a)pyrene (B(a)P) which is known to induce genotoxic effects in vitro and in vivo, detected as PAH-DNA adducts. Long-term PAH exposure may be accompanied by an immunological response with the formation of antibodies against PAH as well as against PAH-DNA adducts. This paper describes the use of four PAH-keyhole-limpet haemocyanin (KLH) conjugates for the induction of specific and cross-reactive anti-PAH antibodies and focuses on the potential protective effects of anti-PAH antibodies produced after immunization of mice. In the in vitro experiments with HepG-2 cells, the genotoxicity of the PAH-KLH conjugates and the neutralizing effect of induced anti-PAH antibodies were evaluated. The titer of specific anti-PAH antibodies in sera and the amounts of DNA adducts in liver homogenates from immunized mice were investigated in vivo. The results show that anti-PAH antibodies of class IgG were induced during immunization. All the PAH-KLH conjugates tested were non-genotoxic and did not induce detectable DNA adducts in HepG2 cells or in the liver of immunized mice. The results show that only B(a)P-specific and B(a)P cross-reactive antibodies are able to neutralize B(a)P or its activated metabolites, which was revealed by a sudden decrease in the titer of anti-B(a)P antibodies in mouse sera after exposure to B(a)P. Furthermore, the anti-B(a)P antibodies produced by immunization were effective in reducing the amount of DNA adducts in mouse livers after intraperitoneal (i.p.) exposure to B(a)P. The results suggest that immunization with PAH-KLH conjugates can protect organisms against the adverse effects of carcinogenic PAH.
The present methodology was developed to simultaneously assess chronic exposure to PAHs and to tobacco from the analysis of one hair specimen per examined individual. The method is a two step extraction of twelve mono-hydroxy-PAHs and of nicotine, and their separate analysis by optimized methods using gas chromatography-negative chemical ionization-mass spectrometry. After method validation and assessment of the hair decontamination procedure, 105 hair specimens from smokers and non-smokers were analyzed. All the hair samples tested positive for nicotine. Median concentration was 10.7ng/mg for smokers and 0.5ng/mg for non-smokers. 70% of the samples tested positive for OH-PAHs. The most common one was 2-naphthol (61%) and its concentration was significantly higher in smokers than in non-smokers (median: 111 vs 70pmol/g, p=0.006). 2-OH-benzo(c)phenanthrene and 6-OH-chrysene were only detected once in a non-smoker's hair. The concentration of the sum of all PAH-metabolites ranged from 24 to 67190pmol/g (median: 118pmol/g). Only six samples tested positive for more than two different metabolites. The simultaneous detection of nicotine and OH-PAHs in hair is possible and provides reliable results. This represents a useful tool for the accurate biomonitoring of chronic exposure to PAH and correct identification of the sources of exposure.
BACKGROUND/AIMS: RASSF1A hypermethylation is frequently observed in hepatocellular carcinomas (HCC). But the possible related risk factors and prognosis evaluation for this epigenetic alteration are still unknown. METHODOLOGY: Methylation status, mRNA and protein expression of RASSF1A, aflatoxin B1 (AFB1) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts, were examined in 103 cases of HCC. RESULTS: The expression of RASSF1A mRNA (20/103, r=-0.665) and protein (21/103, r=-0.761) were negatively related to RASSF1A hypermethylation (82/103). Multivariate analysis indicated that RASSF1A hypermethylation was related to AFB1- (p=0.046) and PAH-DNA adducts (p=0.040). Other factors including smoking, alcohol drinking, hepatitis B virus infection and clinicopathological parameters were not significantly associated with RASSF1A methylation. No difference in overall survival was observed between patients with and without RASSF1A hypermethylation (p=0.267). CONCLUSIONS: AFB1- and PAH-DNA adducts may be associated with RASSF1A hypermethylation in hepatocarcinogenesis. RASSF1A methylation status may not be a proper predictor of overall survival for HCC. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous pollutants presenting a public health risk, particularly to children, a vulnerable population. PAHs have genotoxic and carcinogenic properties, which depend on their metabolism. Many enzymes involved in PAH metabolism, including CYP1A1, CYP1B1, GSTM and GSTT are polymorphic, which may modulate the activation/deactivation of these compounds. We evaluated PAH exposure and DNA damage in children living in the vicinity of the main petrochemical complex located in the Gulf of Mexico, and explored the modulation by genetic polymorphisms of PAH excretion and related DNA damage. The participants (n=82) were children aged 6-10y attending schools near the industrial area. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP; a biomarker of PAH exposure) was determined by reverse-phase-HPLC; DNA damage by the comet assay (Olive Tail Moment (OTM) parameter); CYP1A1*2C and CYP1B1*3 polymorphisms by real time-PCR; and GSTM1*0 and GSTT1*0 by multiplex PCR. The median value of 1-OHP was 0.37μmol/mol creatinine; 59% of children had higher 1-OHP concentrations than those reported in environmentally exposed adults (0.24μmol/mol creatinine). A stratified analysis showed increased DNA damage in children with 1-OHP concentrations greater than the median value. We observed higher 1-OHP concentrations in children with CYP1A1*2C or GSTM1*0 polymorphisms, and a positive influence of CYP1A1*2C on OTM values in children with the highest PAH exposure. The data indicate that children living in the surroundings of petrochemical industrial areas are exposed to high PAH levels, contributing to DNA damage and suggesting an increased health risk; furthermore, data suggest that polymorphisms affecting activation enzymes may modulate PAH metabolism and toxicity.
8-Hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG), a biomarker of oxidative DNA damage, has been extensively studied to assess human exposure to carcinogenic compounds. Previous studies have associated levels of human urinary hydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAHs) with those of 8-OHdG. However, measurements of OH-PAHs and 8-OHdG in urine are often conducted with two different analytical methods, which is both costly and time-consuming. In this study, a novel method is described to quickly and simultaneously quantify ten urinary OH-PAHs and 8-OHdG through high pressure liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC/MS/MS). Urine samples undergo solid phase extraction and concentration and then are analyzed by an optimized HPLC/MS/MS method operated in the negative electrospray ionization (ESI) and multiple reaction monitoring (MRM) mode. Deuterated, (15)N and (13)C- labeled analogues are used as internal standards. Simultaneous analysis of urinary 8-OHdG and OH-PAHs are completed within 16 min. Calibration curves of all target analytes show favorable linearity within the concentration range of 0.3-10.0 μg/L for 8-OHdG and 0.05-15 μg/L for different OH-PAHs. The method detection limits (MDLs) in pooled urine range from 0.023 μg/L to 0.625 μg/L. The method shows satisfactory accuracy and precision when we analyzed varied levels spiked in pooled urine. Recoveries for 8 of the 10 OH-PAHs were in the range of 100 ± 15% with a variation coefficient of less than 20%. Thirty-four real urine samples were analyzed for all target analytes. Except 3-OHF, most compounds could be quantified.
BACKGROUND: Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are carcinogenic environmental pollutants generated during incomplete combustion. After exposure and during metabolism, PAHs can form reactive epoxides that can covalently bind to DNA. These PAH-DNA adducts are established markers of cancer risk. PAH exposure has been associated with epigenetic alterations, including genomic cytosine methylation. Both global hypomethylation and hypermethylation of specific genes have been associated with cancer and other diseases in humans. Experimental evidence suggests that PAH-DNA adduct formation may preferentially target methylated genomic regions. Early embryonic development may be a particularly susceptible period for PAH exposure, resulting in both increased PAH-DNA adducts and altered DNA methylation. OBJECTIVE: We explored whether prenatal exposure to PAHs is associated with genomic DNA methylation in cord blood and whether methylation levels are associated with the presence of detectable PAH-DNA adducts. METHODS: In a longitudinal cohort study of nonsmoking women in New York City, we measured PAH exposure during pregnancy using personal air monitors, assessed PAH internal dose using prenatal urinary metabolites (in a subset), and quantified benzo[a]pyrene-DNA adducts and genomic DNA methylation in cord blood DNA among 164 participants. RESULTS: Prenatal PAH exposure was associated with lower global methylation in umbilical cord white blood cells (p = 0.05), but global methylation levels were positively associated with the presence of detectable adducts in cord blood (p = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: These observations suggest that PAH exposure was adequate to alter global methylation in our study population. Additional epidemiologic studies that can measure site-specific cytosine methylation and adduct formation will improve our ability to understand this complex molecular pathway in vivo. 
PURPOSE: The aim of this study was assess co-exposure to DDT, DDE (main DDT metabolite), and PAHs (1-hydroxypyrene) in areas where biomass is used to cook and to heat homes and where DDT was used to combat malaria transmission. METHODS: During 2009, we analyzed a total of 190 blood and urine samples from children living in six communities in Mexico. Quantitative analyses of DDT and DDE were performed using gas chromatography coupled with mass spectrometry. Analyses of 1-hydroxypyrene were performed by HPLC using a fluorescence detector. RESULTS: In this work, we found high levels of DDT and its principal metabolite (DDE) in the blood of children living in four communities in Chiapas located in the southeastern region of Mexico (range, <LOD to 11,815 ng/g lipid and <LOD to 194436 ng/g lipid for DDT and DDE, respectively). Moreover, high levels of 1-hydroxypyrene (a PAH biomarker) were found in urine samples (range, 0.02 to 4.82 μmol/mol creatinine). An important finding was that around one third of the children studied in these areas were co-exposed to the three compounds. CONCLUSION: This study demonstrates that children in these communities were exposed to DDT and its metabolites, and to other contaminants generated by the combustion of firewood. Therefore, the complex mixture studied in this study (PAHs and DDT/DDE) requires further research. 
BACKGROUND: Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) occurs in many occupational settings. There is evidence in animal models that maternal exposure to PAHs during pregnancy is associated with gastroschisis in offspring; however, to our knowledge, no human studies examining this association have been conducted. OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to conduct a case-control study assessing the association between estimated maternal occupational exposure to PAHs and gastroschisis in offspring. METHODS: Data from gastroschisis cases and control infants were obtained from the population-based National Birth Defects Prevention Study for the period 1997-2002. Exposure to PAHs was assigned by industrial hygienist consensus, based on self-reported maternal occupational histories from 1 month before conception through the third month of pregnancy. Logistic regression was used to determine the association between estimated occupational PAH exposure and gastroschisis among children whose mothers were employed for at least 1 month during the month before conception through the third month of pregnancy. RESULTS: The prevalence of estimated occupational PAH exposure was 9.0% in case mothers (27 of 299) and 3.6% in control mothers (107 of 2,993). Logistic regression analyses indicated a significant association between occupational PAHs and gastroschisis among mothers ≥ 20 years of age [odds ratio (OR) = 2.53; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.27, 5.04] after adjusting for maternal body mass index, education, gestational diabetes, and smoking. This association was not seen in mothers < 20 years (OR = 1.14; 95% CI: 0.55, 2.33), which is notable because although young maternal age is the strongest known risk factor for gastroschisis, most cases are born to mothers ≥ 20 years. CONCLUSION: Our findings indicate an association between occupational exposure to PAHs among mothers who are ≥ 20 years and gastroschisis. These results contribute to a body of evidence that PAHs may be teratogenic. 
Superparamagnetic Fe(3)O(4) diphenyl nanoparticles were prepared according to a solvothernal procedure and characterized by X-ray diffraction, infrared spectroscopy, surface area measurements, scanning electron microscopy, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy and transmission electron microscopy. The magnetic phases present in the nanoparticle samples were analyzed by thermomagnetic analysis and the samples' magnetic properties were studied by vibrating sample magnetometry. The resulting nanoparticles having an average diameter of 200 nm were then used as solid-phase extraction sorbent for the determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine samples. Method validation proved the feasibility of the developed beads for the quantitation of the investigated analytes at trace levels obtaining lower limit of quantitation values in the ng/l range. A good precision with coefficients of variations always lower than 15% was obtained. Finally, the superior extraction performance of the synthesized nanoparticles with respect to commercially available beads was proved.
OBJECTIVE: This study of a birth cohort in the city of Tongliang in Chongqing, China, evaluated the relationship between two prenatal exposures (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons(PAH) and environmental tobacco smoke(ETS)) and child intelligence quotient (IQ) as measured by the Wechsler Preschool and Primary Scale of Intelligence at age 5 years. A coal-fired power plant was the major source of ambient PAH in this city. We tested the hypothesis that, after adjusting for potential confounders, prenatal exposure to these pollutants would be associated with lower IQ scores at 5 years of age. METHODS: Nonsmoking mothers and children were enrolled before delivery. PAH exposure was measured by DNA adducts in umbilical cord white blood cells using High-Performance Liquid Chromatography-Fluorescence. Estimated exposure to environmental tobacco smoke was based on personal interview. At age 5 years, scores for verbal, performance, and full scale IQ were obtained. Multiple regression was used to test the main effects of adducts and environmental tobacco smoke on IQ and to explore the interactions between these exposures on IQ. RESULTS: after adjusting for potential confounders, neither DNA adducts nor exposure to environmental tobacco smoke had significant main effects on IQ. However, significant interactions between adducts and environmental tobacco smoke were observed on full scale (p=0.025) and verbal (p=0.029) IQ scores, indicating that the adverse effects of prenatal PAH exposure became greater as exposure to environmental tobacco smoke increased. The interaction on performance IQ score was not significant (p=0.135). CONCLUSION: These results suggest that exposure of pregnant women to emissions of PAHs from the coal-burning plant, in combination with prenatal exposure to envrionmental tobacco smoke, may have adversely affected cognitive function of children at age 5. The polluting coal-fired plant has since been closed by the government, with likely important benefits to child health and development. 
The aim of this study was to evaluate the exposure levels to persistent organic pollutants and 1-hydroxypyrene in children living in an endemic malaria zone in Mexico. The blood levels for 1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethane (DDT), 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene (DDE) and lindane ranged from 15.4 to 17,886.5 ng/g lipid, 6,624.3 to 100,119.0 ng/g lipid, and 351.1 to 6,153.8 ng/g lipid, respectively. For total polychlorinated biphenyls the blood levels ranged from 2,584.9 to 14,547.9 ng/g lipid. Regarding urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels, the mean level was 2.9 ± 3.1 μmol/mol creatinine. In conclusion, the children in our study are exposed to levels higher than normal to mixtures of environmental contaminants.
Our study objectives were (1) to investigate the selectivity of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites for tobacco smoke exposure and (2) to determine half-lives of PAH metabolites in smokers. There were 622 participants from the United States (US) and Poland, and of these, 70% were smokers. All subjects provided spot urine samples, and 125 smokers provided blood samples. Urinary PAH metabolite half-lives were determined in 8 smokers. In controlled hospital studies of 18 smokers, the associations between various measures of nicotine intake and urinary excretion of PAH metabolites were investigated. Plasma nicotine was measured by GC. LC-MS/MS was used to measure the plasma levels of cotinine and trans-3'-hydroxycotinine, and urine levels of nicotine and its metabolites, total 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanol (NNAL) and PAH metabolites (2-naphthol, 1-, 2-, and 3-hydroxyfluorenes, 1-, 2-, 3-, and 4-hydroxyphenanthrenes, and 1-hydroxypyrene). Regardless of smoking status, PAH metabolite excretion was higher in Polish subjects than in US subjects (p-values <0.001). 1-Hydroxyfluorene exhibited the greatest difference between smokers and nonsmokers, with a 5-fold difference in Polish subjects and a 25-fold difference in US subjects, followed by 3- and 2-hydroxyfluorenes, 2-naphthol, and 1-hydroxypyrene. The differences for hydroxyphenanthrenes were small or nonsignificant. 1-Hydroxyfluorene had the highest correlation with urine nicotine equivalents (r = 0.77) and urine NNAL (r = 0.64). While the half-lives of PAH metabolites were <10 h in smokers, 1-hydroxyfluorene had the largest ratio of initial to terminal urine concentration (58.4 ± 38.6, mean ± SD) after smoking. Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) analysis of PAHs among Polish and US subjects further showed that hydroxyfluorenes are most highly discriminative of smokers from nonsmokers followed by 2-naphthol and 1-hydroxypyrene. In conclusion, hydroxyfluorenes, particularly 1-hydroxyfluorene, and 2-naphthol are more selective of tobacco smoke than 1-hydroxypyrene and hydroxyphenanthrenes. Characterization of hydroxyfluorene and 2-naphthol metabolites in urine may improve the characterization of PAHs from tobacco smoke and related disease risks among smokers and nonsmokers.
Using the urinary biomarkers 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide (1-OHPG), 2-naphthol, and malondialdehyde (MDA), we evaluated seasonal and regional variations in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and oxidative stress among Korean adults and children. In total, 322 children (175 male and 147 female) and 332 adults (47 male and 285 female) were recruited in two regions of Korea, one representing a metropolitan area (Seoul/Incheon) and the other an industrial (Pohang) area, from winter 2002 to spring 2003. The subjects voluntarily gathered their first morning urine void, which was immediately transported to our laboratory and stored at -20 °C. Urinary 1-OHPG was measured by synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy, 2-naphthol by HPLC, and urinary MDA by HPLC with a UV detector. The median urinary 1-OHPG concentration tended to be higher in the industrial region than in the metropolitan region (0.92 vs. 0.77 ng/mL; p=0.03), and higher in winter than in spring (0.95 vs. 0.73 ng/mL; p<0.001). The median 2-naphthol concentration was also higher in the industrial region than in the metropolitan region (21.0 vs. 12.3 ng/mL; p<0.0001), but was higher in spring than in winter (19.7 vs. 10.3 ng/mL; p<0.0001). The median MDA concentration was significantly higher in winter than in spring (2.19 vs. 1.03 μmol/L; p<0.0001), whereas regional variation in MDA was observed only in female adults (p=0.02). In winter, the level of 1-OHPG was higher in children exposed to environmental tobacco smoke than in unexposed children (0.94 vs. 0.86 ng/mL; p=0.02). Our results indicate that both region and season can significantly influence the levels of PAH exposure and oxidative stress biomarkers.
BACKGROUND: Airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are widespread urban air pollutants from fossil fuel burning and other combustion sources. We previously reported that a broad spectrum of combustion-related DNA adducts in cord blood was associated with attention problems at 6-7 years of age in the Columbia Center for Children's Environmental Health (CCCEH) longitudinal cohort study. OBJECTIVES: We evaluated the relationship between behavioral problems and two different measures of prenatal exposure--both specific to PAH--in the same cohort. METHODS: Children of nonsmoking African-American and Dominican women in New York City (NYC) were followed from in utero to 6-7 years. Prenatal PAH exposure was estimated by personal air monitoring of the mothers during pregnancy as well as by the measurement of DNA adducts specific to benzo[a]pyrene (BaP), a representative PAH, in maternal and cord blood. At 6-7 years of age, child behavior was assessed using the Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL) (n = 253). Generalized linear models were used to test the association between prenatal PAH exposure and behavioral outcomes. RESULTS: In multivariate analyses, high prenatal PAH exposure, whether characterized by personal air monitoring (greater than the median of 2.27 ng/m³) or maternal and cord adducts (detectable or higher), was positively associated with symptoms of Anxious/Depressed and Attention Problems (p ≤ 0.05). CONCLUSION: These results provide additional evidence that environmental levels of PAH encountered in NYC air can adversely affect child behavior. 
Public transport vehicle drivers, especially in highly polluted or trafficked areas, are exposed to high levels of air pollutants. In this study, we assessed the influence of traffic on levels of hydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAHs) in commercial bus drivers in Trujillo, Peru, by measuring the within-shift changes in the urinary whole weight and creatinine-corrected concentrations of the PAH metabolites. We measured personal PM(2.5) as a proxy of exposure to traffic emission. Urine samples were collected daily from two bus drivers and three minivan drivers in Trujillo, pre-, mid-, post-work shift and on days when the drivers were off work (total n = 144). Ten OH-PAH metabolites were measured in the urine samples. Drivers were also monitored for exposure to PM(2.5) (n = 41). Daily work shift (mean = 13.1 ± 1.3 hr) integrated PM(2.5) was measured in the breathing zones of the drivers for an average of 10.5 days per driver. The differences across shift in OH-PAH concentrations were not statistically significant except for urinary 2-hydroxyfluorene (2-FLU) (p = 0.04) and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene (4-PHE) (p = 0.01) and creatinine-corrected 4-hydroxyphenanthrene (p = 0.01). Correlation between pairs of hydroxy-PAHs (ρ = 0.50 to 0.93) were highest for mid-shift samples. Concentrations of PM(2.5) (geometric mean = 64 μg/m(3); 95% confidence limits = 52 μg/m(3), 78 μg/m(3)) is similar to those measured in many other studies of traffic exposure. There was significant change across work shift for concentrations of only two of the OH-PAHs (2-FLU and 4-PHE). Results indicate that the drivers may have had limited time for clearance of PAH exposure from the body between work shifts. Comparisons of the concentrations of creatinine-corrected hydroxy-PAH to those reported in other studies indicate that exposure of public transport drivers to PAH could be similar. By following the subjects over multiple days, this study gives an indication of appropriate exposure situations for the use of hydroxy-PAHs and will be beneficial in designing future occupational studies of PAH exposure.
Interactions between smoking and neighborhood-level socioeconomic status (SES) as risk factors for higher polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) DNA adduct levels in prostate tissue were investigated. PAH-DNA adducts were measured by immunohistochemistry with staining intensity measured in optical density units by semiquantitative absorbance image analysis in tumor adjacent tissue from 400 prostatectomy specimens from the Henry Ford Health System in Detroit. For each subject, their U.S. Census tract of residence was classified as being of higher or lower SES using the median value of the distribution of the proportion of tract residents with a high-school education. Generalized estimating equation models were used to assess interactions between neighborhood-level SES and smoking status, adjusting for race, age, education level, tumor volume, primary Gleason grade and prostate specific antigen (PSA) at diagnosis. There was a statistical interaction (P = 0.004) between tract-level SES and smoking status. In lower SES tracts smoking status was not associated with adduct staining, but in higher SES tracts adduct staining intensity was 13% (P = 0.01) higher in ever-smokers as compared to never-smokers. Among never-smokers, living in a lower SES tract was associated with a 25% higher mean staining intensity (P < 0.001). Neighborhood SES modifies the association between individual smoking status and PAH-DNA adduct levels in prostate tissue.
OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to assess the external exposure to aromatic hydrocarbons (AHs) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) of coke-oven workers and by-product workers at a coke plant in Poland. METHODS: The content of benzene, toluene, xylene, and naphthalene in a gaseous phase and the content of dibenzo[a,h]anthracene, benz[a]anthracene, anthracene, benzo[a]pyrene, benzo[b]fluoranthene, benzo[k]fluoranthene, benz[ghi]perylene, chrysene, and indeno[1,2,3-c,d]pyrene in a particulate phase of coke plant workers were measured in the workers mentioned above. A toxic equivalency factor BaP(eq) was used to estimate human health risk associated with respiratory exposure to PAHs. RESULTS: Time-weighted values of the exposure to AHs in the coke plant were as follows: benzene (range 0.01-2.71 mg m(-3)), toluene (0.01-1.73 mg m(-3)), xylene (0.01-0.78 mg m(-3)), naphthalene (6.0-6079 μg m(-3)), and the concentrations of hydrocarbons did not exceed the exposure limits. The results for particle-bound PAHs were equal to 1.96 μg m(-3) for B(a)P, 0.73 μg m(-3) for DBA, 3.23 μg m(-3) for BaA, 4.35 μg m(-3) for BbF, 3.02 μg m(-3) for BkF, 4.54 μg m(-3) for IND, 4.32 μg m(-3) for CHR, and 0.73 μg m(-3) for Ant. The results of personal air measurements (median values of the sum of nine carcinogenic PAHs) were 2.115 μg m(-3) (coke-oven workers, n = 207), 0.326 μg m(-3) (coke by-product workers, n = 33), and 0.653 μg m(-3) (total area workers, n = 38). The benzo[a]pyrene equivalent concentrations (BaP(eq)) of 10 PAHs were 1.33, 0.183, and 0.284 μg m(-3), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: We found out that coke plant workers are simultaneously exposed to a mixture of aromatic and polycyclic hydrocarbons present in the breathing zone air. Exposure levels are significantly influenced by job categories. Coke by-product workers are significantly more exposed to benzene, toluene, and xylene and less to PAHs. Coke-oven workers are mainly exposed to PAHs. Coke-oven workplaces (top side, coke side, and push side) are characterized by higher carcinogenic risk than other coke plant workplaces. 
The aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AHR) gene is involved in the response to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure. To investigate the hypothesis that the genetic variants in the AHR gene might be a causal genetic susceptibility to PAH-DNA adduct formation and glioma risk, we conducted a case-control study of 384 glioma cases and 384 cancer-free controls to explore the association between six common single-nucleotide polymorphisms of the AHR gene and glioma risk. Using PAH-DNA adducts as biomarkers, we then evaluated the association between PAH-DNA adduct levels and glioma risk based on a tissue microarray including 11 controls and 77 glioma patients. We further explored the contributions of the glioma risk-associated AHR polymorphisms to the levels of PAH-DNA adducts in glioma tissues based on 77 glioma patients. We found that PAH-DNA adduct staining existed in normal brain tissues and grades I-IV gliomas, and the staining intensity was significantly associated with the glioma grade. Two AHR polymorphisms (rs2066853 and rs2158041) demonstrated significant association with glioma risk. Intriguingly, we also found statistically significant associations between these two variants and PAH-DNA adduct levels in glioma tissue. These data suggest the contributions of AHR rs2066853 and rs2158041 to glioma risk and the PAH-DNA adduct levels, which shed new light on gene-environment interactions in the etiology of glioma. Further studies with a larger sample size and ethnically diverse populations are required to elucidate the potential biological mechanism for, as well as the impact of, the susceptibility to glioma due to genetic variants of AHR.
Unregulated electronic-waste recycling results in serious environmental pollution of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in Guiyu, China. We evaluated the body burden of seven carcinogenic PAHs and potential health risks for neonates. Umbilical cord blood (UCB) samples were collected from Guiyu (n=103), and the control area of Chaonan (n=80), China. PAHs in UCB were determined by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry. The median ∑7c-PAH concentration was 108.05 ppb in UCB samples from Guiyu, vs. 79.36 ppb in samples from Chaonan. Residence in Guiyu and longer cooking time of food during the gestation period were significant factors contributing to the ∑7c-PAH level. Benzo[a]anthracene (BaA), chrysene (Chr), and benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) were found to correlate with reduced neonatal height and gestational age. Infants experiencing adverse birth outcomes, on the whole, displayed higher BaA, Chr, and BaP levels compared to those with normal outcomes. We conclude that maternal PAH exposure results in fetal accumulation of toxic PAHs, and that such prenatal exposure correlates with adverse effects on neonatal health.
BACKGROUND: Maternal factors are implicated in the onset of childhood asthma. Differentiation of naïve CD4+ T lymphocytes into pro-allergic T-helper 2 cells induces interleukin (IL)4 expression and inhibits interferon (IFN)γ expression accompanied by concordant methylation changes in the promoters of these genes. However, it has yet to be established whether maternal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) can alter these gene promoters epigenetically during fetal development. OBJECTIVES: In this study we sought to elucidate the relationship between maternal PAH exposure and promoter methylation status of IFNγ and IL4. METHODS: We assessed the effects of benzo[a]pyrene (BaP), a representative airborne PAH, on the methylation status of the IFNγ and IL4 promoters in Jurkat cells and two lung adenocarcinoma cell lines, and on gene expression. In addition, we evaluated methylation status of the IFNγ promoter in cord white blood cells from 53 participants in the Columbia Center for Children's Environmental Health cohort. Maternal PAH exposure was estimated by personal air monitoring during pregnancy. RESULTS: In vitro exposure of the cell models to low, noncytotoxic doses (0.1 and 1 nM) of BaP elicited increased promoter hypermethylation and reduced expression of IFNγ, but not IL4. IFNγ promoter methylation in cord white blood cells was associated with maternal PAH exposure in the cohort study subsample. CONCLUSION: Consistent with the results for the cell lines, maternal exposure to PAHs was associated with hypermethylation of IFNγ in cord blood DNA from cohort children. These findings support a potential role of epigenetics in fetal reprogramming by PAH-induced environmental diseases. 
An analytical method using a liquid chromatograph combined with a simple online column switching sample pre-treatment system was developed for the determination of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP) in urine. This compound is the metabolite of pyrene and is used to assess the exposure of workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). After enzymatic hydrolysis, a urine sample was directly injected into a high-performance liquid chromatograph (HPLC) where it automatically underwent a sample cleanup using a column switching device. The procedure is simpler than previous methods because it uses only one switching valve, one extraction column and one HPLC pump. The analyte was retained on a short extraction column and after interferences were eluted to waste, was subsequently switched onto the analytical column. This allowed a short analysis time of 15 min. The calibration graph was found to be linear within the concentration range of 0.5 to 20 µg/L with a coefficient of determination exceeding r(2) = 0.99. Recoveries were found to be greater than 96% in the range 1 to 10 µg/L with intermediate precision of 2.5 to 5.8% relative standard deviation. This online method was verified by a comparison with an existing manual method by the analysis of 81 urine samples from workers exposed to PAHs and showed that the test results from both methods were in agreement with a probability obtained from the paired Student's t-test of P > 0.76. The proposed online method was found to be simple, fast and suited to routine analyses of 1-HP in urine for the assessment of occupational exposure to PAHs.
UNLABELLED: The main goal of the study was to assess possible association between transplacental exposure to genotoxic PAH compounds assessed by the cord blood PAH-DNA adducts and fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO) measured in healthy non-asthmatic children at the age of 7 years. The subjects included the subsample of 89 children who took part in the ongoing population based birth cohort study in Krakow and attended FeNO testing. The effect of transplacental PAH exposure was adjusted for potential confounders, such as maternal allergy and children's specific atopy to common domestic allergens. RESULTS: FeNO values were significantly elevated in children with higher prenatal PAH exposure (gmean = 7.7 ppb; 95% CI: 5.8-10.2 ppb) compared with those at low exposure level (gmean = 3.8 ppb; 95% CI: 2.3-6.3) (P = 0.011). Children with maternal allergy had also significantly higher mean FeNO values (gmean = 13.7 ppb, 95% CI: 8.8-21.4 ppb) compared with the subjects whose mothers denied allergy (gmean = 5.6 ppb, 95% CI: 4.3-7.3 ppb) (P = 0.012). Similarly, FeNO values in atopic children were higher (gmean = 11.2 ppb; 95% CI: 3.8-32.8 ppb) than in non-atopic individuals (gmean = 6.0 ppb; 95% CI: 4.7-7.7 ppb, P = 0.079). The results of the nested multivariable linear regression analysis showed that both maternal allergy and sensitization of children to domestic aeroallergens jointly explained 10.4% of FeNO variance, however, the additional 10.9% was determined by prenatal PAH exposure. CONCLUSION: FeNO is more than a marker useful for screening atopy or symptomatic bronchial inflammation and may also be a proxy for cytokine deregulation and "allergic response" phenotype possibly established in fetal period due to transplacental PAH exposure. Preliminary results of our study should encourage more studies on intrauterine PAH exposure and later respiratory symptoms. 
Until today, the mainstay of phenylketonuria (PKU) treatment is a phenylalanine (Phe)-restricted diet. Strict dietary treatment decreases flexibility and autonomy and still has a major impact on patients and their families. Compliance is often poor, particularly in adolescence. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of the intake of fruits and vegetables containing Phe less than 100 mg/100g ('simplified diet'), as recommended by WHO for all individuals, instead of classical totally restricted diet on the course and treatment control of the disease in a well-characterized PKU cohort (n=80). All individual blood Phe measurements of each patient (1992-2009) were statistically analyzed before and after diet switch. Epidemiological data, age at diagnosis, PAH mutations, BH(4) responsiveness, as well as Phe control measurements and detailed diet information were tabulated in a local database. 62.5% had BH4 loading test and 40% had PAH analysis; 50/80 switched from classical to simplified diet, including 26 classical PKU, 13 moderate PKU, 7 mild PKU and 4 mild hyperphenylalaninemia (HPA). Median Phe levels on a simplified diet did not differ significantly to the median Phe levels on classical diet in all disease groups. Our results indicate that a simplified diet has no negative effect on blood Phe control in patients with hyperphenylalaninemia, independent of severity of the phenotype or the age at diet switch, over the period of 3 years. Thus, a simpler approach to dietary treatment of PKU available to all HPA patients is more likely to be accepted and adhered by patients and might also increase quality of life.
Compact and linearly growing polyelectrolyte multilayer films have been used to suppress desorption of drugs, nanoparticles or proteins from underlying polyelectrolyte multilayer films as well as to significantly change their mechanical properties. The polyelectrolyte based capping layers are however cumbersome to deposit and alternative barrier layers offering enzymatic retention in the films as well as permeability to small molecules, for example the substrates of the embedded enzymes, are highly desired. In this article we show that barrier layers made through atmospheric pressure dielectric barrier discharge polymerization of ethylene glycol dimethacrylate offer the opportunity to simultaneously suppress enzyme desorption from the underlying polyelectrolyte multilayer film and to ensure accessibility of the enzymatic substrate. This holds true when the barrier film totally covers the underlying film and as long is not too thick. When the plasma deposited barrier becomes 300 nm thick, the hydrolysis curve of the enzyme presents a lag phase typical of a diffusion-limited process.
We have developed and validated a sandwich chemiluminescence immunoassay (SCIA) which measures polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts combining high throughput and adequate sensitivity, appropriate for evaluation of adduct levels in human population studies. Fragmented DNA is incubated with rabbit antiserum elicited against DNA modified with r7,t8-dihydroxy-t-9,10-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (BPDE) and subsequently trapped by goat anti-rabbit IgG bound to a solid surface. Anti-single-stranded (ss) DNA antibodies binds in a quantity proportional to the adduct levels and is detected by chemiluminescence. The BPDE-DNA SCIA has a limit of detection of 3 adducts per 10(9) nucleotides with 5 μg DNA per well. We have validated the BPDE-DNA SCIA using DNA modified in vitro, DNA from benzo[a]pyrene (BP)-exposed cultured cells and mice. The levels of adduct measured by SCIA were lower (30-60%) than levels of bulky DNA adducts measured in the same samples by (32)P-postlabelling. The BPDE-DNA SCIA also detected adducts produced in vivo by PAHs other than BP. When blood DNA samples from maternal/infant pairs were assayed by BPDE-DNA SCIA, the adduct levels obtained were significantly correlated. However, there was no correlation between (32)P-postlabelling and SCIA values for the same samples. The SCIA can be extended to any DNA adduct and is expected to provide, when fully automated, a valuable high-throughput approach in large-scale population studies.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are environmental and occupational carcinogens produced by the incomplete combustion of organic materials, such as coal and petroleum product combustion, tobacco smoking, and food cooking, that may be significant contributors to the burden of cardiovascular disease in human populations. The purpose of this study was to investigate associations between ten monohydroxy urinary metabolites of four PAHs and three serum biomarkers of cardiovascular disease (fibrinogen, homocysteine, and white blood cell count). Using data on 3219 participants aged 20 years and older from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2001-2004 dataset, the associations between PAH metabolites and serum inflammatory markers were analyzed using the Spearman correlations and multiple linear regression modeling. The PAH metabolites of naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene, and pyrene each showed both positive and negative correlations with homocysteine, fibrinogen, and white blood cell count (correlation coefficient range: -0.077-0.143) in nonsmoking participants. Using multiple linear regression models adjusted for age, gender, race/ethnicity, and body mass index, estimates of weighted geometric means of inflammatory marker levels were not significantly different between high and low levels (75th vs. 25th percentiles) for all PAH metabolites in nonsmoking subjects. The results of this study do not provide evidence for a relationship between PAH exposure (as measured by urinary levels of PAH metabolites) and serum biomarkers of cardiovascular disease after controlling for tobacco use.
Human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) can be assessed by biomonitoring of their urinary monohydroxylated metabolites (OH-PAHs). Limited information exists on the human pharmacokinetics of OH-PAHs. This study aimed to investigate the excretion half-life of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-PYR), the most used biomarker for PAH exposure, and 9 other OH-PAHs following a dietary exposure in 9 nonsmoking volunteers with no occupational exposure to PAHs. Each person avoided food with known high PAH-content during the study period, except for a high PAH-containing lunch (barbecued chicken) on the first day. Individual urine samples (n = 217) were collected from 15 h before to 60 h following the dietary exposure. Levels of all OH-PAHs in all subjects increased rapidly by 9-141-fold after the exposure, followed by a decrease consistent with first-order kinetics, and returned to background levels 24-48 h after the exposure. The average time to reach maximal concentration ranged from 3.1 h (1-naphthol) to 5.5 h (1-PYR). Creatinine-adjusted urine concentrations for each metabolite were analyzed using a nonlinear mixed effects model including a term to estimate background exposure. The background-adjusted half-life estimate was 3.9 h for 1-PYR and ranged 2.5-6.1 h for the other 9 OH-PAHs, which in general, were shorter than those previously reported. The maximum concentrations after barbecued chicken consumption were comparable to the levels found in reported occupational settings with known high PAH exposures. It is essential to consider the relatively short half-life, the timing of samples relative to exposures, and the effect of diet when conducting PAH exposure biomonitoring studies.
A high-performance liquid chromatographic method with electrochemical detection (HPLC-ED) at a boron-doped diamond film electrode with preliminary separation and preconcentration by solid-phase extraction (SPE) has been developed for the determination of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP) in human urine. 1-HP is among the most widely used biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. Optimal HPLC-ED conditions have been found: mobile phase methanol-0.05 mol L(-1) phosphate buffer pH 5.0 (80:20, v/v), detection potential +1,000 mV versus Ag/AgCl (3 mol L(-1) KCl), and flow rate 0.8 mL min(-1). For SPE, LiChrolut(®) RP-18 E cartridges were used. The extraction yield was (87.0 ± 5.8)% (n = 5). The concentration dependence of 1-HP was measured in the concentration range from 0.01 to 10 μmol L(-1) (2.18-2,180 μg L(-1)) using methanolic solutions resulting from the SPE pretreatment of spiked human urine samples. The limit of detection (signal-to-noise ratio 3) and the limit of quantification (signal-to-noise ratio 10) of the biomarker were 0.013 μmol L(-1) (2.84 μg L(-1)) and 0.043 μmol L(-1) (9.39 μg L(-1)), respectively, which is sufficient for its determination in the urine of persons exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) were measured in plasma samples of 162 juvenile loggerhead sea turtles (Caretta caretta) from Canary Islands, and 205 adult nesting loggerheads from Cape Verde. All the 367 samples showed detectable values of some type of PAH. Phenanthrene was the PAH most frequently detected and at the highest concentration in both populations. Median concentrations of ∑PAHs in the plasma of loggerheads from the Canary Islands and Cape Verde were similar (5.5 and 4.6 ng/ml, respectively). Di- and tri-cyclic PAHs were predominant in both populations suggesting petrogenic origin rather than urban sources of PAHs. In the group of turtles from Canary Islands, there was evident an increasing level of contamination over the last few years. The present study represents the first data of contamination by PAHs in sea turtles from the studied areas.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are toxic compounds that have been classified by the International Agency for Research on Cancer as probable or possible human carcinogens. Human exposure to PAH is usually assessed by considering data from a single air monitoring station as being representative of a large region; however, air pollution levels change on small spatial scales and thus also affect environmental exposure. The use of environmental biomonitors is a useful tool to assess the levels of PAH with high spatial resolution. The aims of this study were to (1) assess human exposure to PAH in a petrochemical region in Portugal, integrating data from environmental biomonitors (lichens), air, and soil in a regional area, and (2) determine the health risks associated with exposure to PAH with high spatial resolution. Bearing this in mind, benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) equivalent concentrations in samples of soil, air, and lichens collected in the study region were used to assess human exposure through different pathways, including inhalation of air and soil particles, ingestion of soil, and dermal contact with soil. Human health risk was calculated through the Incremental Lifetime Cancer Risk (ILCR). BaP equivalent concentrations found in the region ranged from 6.9 to 46.05 ng BaPeq/g in lichens, from 16.45 to 162.02 ng BaPeq/g in soils, and from 0.02 to 0.16 ng BaPeq/m³ in air, indicative of high variability in this regional area. Human exposure to PAH varied between 976 and 42,877 ng BaPeq/d. When considering all exposure pathways, ILCR values were between 10⁻⁴ and 10⁻³. Considering only inhalation, ILCR values were between 10⁻⁶ and 10⁻⁵. The main risk seemed to arise from soil (either ingestion or inhalation of resuspended soil particles). The high spatial resolution of our environmental data allowed for detection of critical exposure levels at unexpected sites. Our results identified important areas where health studies on local populations need to be focused, and where environmental levels of PAH need to be monitored over time in order to protect human health.
Linzhou, China has one of the highest rates of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma in the world. Exposure to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), such as benzo[a]pyrene (BaP), may have a role in this increased risk. To better understand PAH sources, we measured PAHs in the air and food of 20 non-smokers over multiple days and compared the concentrations with a urinary PAH biomarker, 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide (1-OHPG). Sampling occurred over 4 consecutive days. Kitchen air samples (days 2-3) and duplicate diet samples (days 1-4) were analyzed for 14 or more unique PAHs, including BaP. Daily urine samples (days 1-3) were analyzed for 1-OHPG. Mixed-effects models were used to evaluate the associations between air or food PAH concentrations and urine 1-OHPG concentrations. The median kitchen air BaP concentration was 10.2 ng/m(3) (interquartile range (IQR): 5.1-20.2 ng/m(3)). The median daily food BaP concentration and intake were 0.08 ng/g (IQR=0.04-0.16 ng/g) and 86 ng/day (IQR=41-142 ng/day), respectively. The median 1-OHPG concentration was 3.36 pmol/ml (IQR=2.09-6.98 pmol/ml). In mixed-effects models, 1-OHPG concentration increased with same-day concentration of food BaP (P=0.07). Although PAH concentrations in air were not associated with 1-OHPG concentrations, the high concentrations of PAHs in both air and food suggest that they are both important routes of exposure to PAHs in this population. Further evaluation of the role of PAH exposure from air and food in the elevated rates of esophageal cancer in this region is warranted.
BACKGROUND: This study evaluated whether there is an association between maternal occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and neural tube defects (NTDs) in offspring. This is the first such study of which the authors are aware. METHODS: Data were analyzed from 1997 to 2002 deliveries in the National Birth Defects Prevention Study, a large population-based case-control study in the United States. Maternal interviews yielded information on jobs held in the month before through 3 months after conception. Three industrial hygienists blinded to case or control status assessed occupational exposure to PAHs. Crude and adjusted odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated using unconditional logistic regression. RESULTS: Of the 520 mothers of children with NTDs, 5.0% were classified as exposed to occupational PAHs, as were 3.5% of the 2989 mothers of controls. The crude OR for PAH exposure was 1.43 (95% CI, 0.92-2.22) for any NTD and 1.71 (95% CI, 1.03-2.83) for spina bifida. Adjusted ORs were smaller in magnitude and not significant. Among women who were normal weight or underweight, the crude OR for spina bifida was 3.13 (95% CI, 1.63-6.03) and adjusted OR was 2.59 (95% CI, 1.32-5.07). Based on estimated cumulative exposure, a statistically significant dose-response trend was observed for spina bifida; however, it was attenuated and no longer significant after adjustment. CONCLUSION: Maternal occupational exposure to PAHs may be associated with increased risk of spina bifida in offspring among women who are normal weight or underweight. Other comparisons between PAHs and NTDs were consistent with no association. 
OBJECTIVE: The main goal of this pilot study was to assess the technical and logistic feasibility of a future study. The research hypothesis is that occupational exposures to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are associated with increased risk of DNA damage among roofers who work with hot asphalt. DESIGN: This is a cross-sectional pilot study. SETTING: The study included roofers from four different construction sites in Miami-Dade County, Florida. PARTICIPANTS: 19 roofers were recruited (six Hispanics and 13 African-Americans, all male), all of whom were eligible (no history of cancer and no history of chronic diseases of kidneys or liver). All participants provided pre-shift samples and 18 provided post-shift samples. Samples of one participant were excluded from the final analyses as they were considered unreliable. RESULTS: Levels of urinary PAH metabolites increased during 6 h of work. Linear regression models of post-shift metabolites included their pre-shift levels, post-shift urinary creatinine levels (for models of 1-OHPyr and 9-OHPhe), and skin burn due to contact with hot asphalt (for models of 1-OHPyr and 1-OHNap). Pre-shift levels of urinary 8-OHdG were not associated with any of the variables considered. For post-shift levels of 8-OHdG, however, post-shift 1-OHPyr (95% CI 0.091 to 0.788) and use of protective gloves (95% CI -1.57 to -0.61) during work explained 86.8% of its variation. Overall, highest levels of urinary PAH metabolites and of 8-OHdG were observed among workers who reported having skin burn and who did not use gloves during work. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary 1-OHPyr is a promising predictor of oxidative DNA damage among roofers. Work-related skin burn and use of protective gloves appear to influence PAH exposure and DNA damage levels in this group, suggesting the importance of dermal absorption. 
Atmospheric particulate matter samples were collected from May 2010 to April 2011 in a rural e-waste area and in Guangzhou, South China, to estimate the lifetime inhalation cancer risk from exposure to parent polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), high molecular weight PAHs (MW 302 PAHs), and halogenated PAHs (HPAHs). Seasonal variations in the PAH concentrations and profiles within and between the e-waste and urban areas indicated different PAH sources in the two areas. Benzo[b]fluoranthene, benzo[a]pyrene, dibenz[ah]anthracene, and dibenzo[al]pyrene made the most significant contribution to the inhalation cancer risk. MW 302 PAHs accounted for 18.0% of the total cancer risk in the e-waste area and 13.6% in the urban area, while HPAHs made a minor contribution (<0.1%) in both the areas. The number of lifetime excess lung cancers due to exposure to parent PAHs, MW 302 PAHs, and HPAHs ranged from 15.1 to 1198 per million people in the e-waste area and from 9.3 to 737 per million people in Guangzhou. PAH exposure accounted for 0.02 to 1.94% of the total lung cancer cases in Guangzhou. On average, the inhalation cancer risk in the e-waste area was 1.6 times higher than in the urban area. The e-waste dismantling activities in South China led to higher inhalation cancer risk due to PAH exposure than the urban area.
In this study, selected biomarkers-The retention time (RT) performed on haemocytes, the Erythrocyte Osmotic Fragility (EOF) and the Glutathione-S Transferase (GST) activity in the liver- were measured in mudskipper (i.e., Boleophthalmus dussumieri) obtained from the Persian Gulf. Chemical analyses included the assessment of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in the sediment and mudskipper liver. Total PAH concentrations in the sediment and the liver tissues ranged between 113.50-3384.34 ng g(-1) dw and 3.99-46.64 ng g(-1) dw, respectively. Spatial evaluation indicated that RT had a significant difference (p<0.05) among sampling sites except Arvand and Zangi. The mean erythrocyte fragility was significantly differ between various locations (p<0.05). GST activity in the liver of mudskippers showed significant differences (p<0.05) among Jafari, Bahrakan, and with other sites. No significant difference (p>0.05) was observed between Arvand, Zangi and Samayeli. Additionally, significant correlations were found between total PAHs levels and selected biomarkers (p<0.01). The biomarkers measured in this study were useful as a first investigation into the biological effects of PAHs pollution as well as in determining the bioavailability of pollution.
The Korea National Survey for Environmental Pollutants in the human body conducts representative Korean population studies, which were first initiated in 2005 in Korea. This study was conducted from 2008 to 2009 to determine the exposure levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and nicotine in the Korean general population. The study population consisted of 4702 adult subjects from 196 sampling locations including coastal, rural, and urban areas. The urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene, 2-naphthol, and cotinine were measured for exposure of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and nicotine. The geometric means of the urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, 2-naphthol and cotinine concentrations in the Korean general population were 0.15 μg/L (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.13-0.17), 3.84 μg/L (95% CI: 3.57-4.11) and 47.42 μg/L (95% CI: 40.52-54.32) respectively. When these values were compared with reference ranges for the United States and Germany, the levels of 1-hydroxypyrene, 2-naphthol, and cotinine were very similar for Korea and Germany, however, these levels were slightly lower in the United States. This study is the first nationwide survey of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and nicotine in Korea and provides a background reference range for exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and nicotine in the Korean general population.
Non-mechanised sugarcane harvesting preceded by burning exposes workers and the people of neighbouring towns to high concentrations of pollutants. This study was aimed to evaluate the respiratory symptoms, lung function and oxidative stress markers in sugarcane workers and the residents of Mendonça, an agricultural town in Brazil, during the non-harvesting and harvesting periods and to assess the population and individual exposures to fine particulate matter (PM(2.5)). Sugarcane workers and healthy volunteers were evaluated with two respiratory symptom questionnaires, spirometry, urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels, and the measurement of antioxidant enzymes and plasma malonaldehyde during the non-harvesting and harvesting periods. The environmental assessment was determined from PM(2.5) concentration. PM(2.5) level increased from 8 μg/m³ during the non-harvesting period to 23.5 μg/m³ in the town and 61 μg/m³ on the plantations during the harvesting period. Wheezing, coughing, sneezing, and breathlessness increased significantly in both groups during the harvesting period, but more markedly in workers. A decrease in lung function and antioxidant enzyme activity was observed in both populations during harvesting; this decrease was greater among the sugarcane workers. The urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels only increased in the sugarcane workers during the harvesting period. The malonaldehyde levels were elevated in both groups, with a higher increase observed in the workers. This research demonstrates the exposure of sugarcane workers and the inhabitants of a neighbouring town to high PM(2.5) concentrations during the sugarcane harvest period. This exposure was higher among the sugarcane workers, as illustrated by both higher PM(2.5) concentrations in the sugarcane fields and higher urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in the volunteers in this group. The higher incidence of respiratory symptoms, greater decrease in lung function and more marked elevation of oxidative stress markers among the sugarcane workers during the harvest confirms the greater effect magnitude in this population and a dose-dependent relationship between pollution and the observed effects.
BACKGROUND: Air pollution has been associated with an increased risk of cardiopulmonary mortality and decreased heart rate variability (HRV). However, it is unclear whether coke oven emissions (COEs) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are associated with HRV. OBJECTIVES: Our goal in the present study was to investigate the association of exposure to COEs and the urinary metabolite profiles of PAHs with HRV of coke oven workers. METHODS: We measured benzene soluble matter, carbon monoxide, sulfur dioxide, particulate matters, and PAHs at different workplaces of a coke oven plant. We determined 10 urinary PAH metabolites and HRV indices of 1333 workers using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and a 3-channel digital Holter monitor, respectively. RESULTS: Our results showed that there was a significant COEs-related dose-dependent decrease in HRV, and an inverse relationship between the quartiles of urinary 2-hydroxynaphthalene and five HRV indices (p(trend)<0.01 for all). After adjustment for potential confounders, elevation per interquartile range (IQR) (1.81 µg/mmol creatinine) of urinary 2-hydroxynaphthalene was associated with a 5.46% (95% CI, 2.50-8.32) decrease in standard deviation of NN intervals (SDNN). As workers worked more years, SDNN gradually declined in the same quartiles of 2-hydroxynaphthalene levels (p(trend) = 1.40×10(-4)), especially in workers with the highest levels of 2-hydroxynaphthalene. CONCLUSIONS: Occupational exposure to COEs is associated with a dose-response decrease in HRV. In particular, increased exposure to 2-hydroxynaphthalene is associated with significantly decreased HRV. Increase of working years and exposure levels has resulted in a gradual decline of HRV. 
This paper describes the development and validation of an analytical methodology to determine the presence of four PAHs: benzo[a]anthracene, benzo[b]fluoranthene, benzo[k]fluoranthene and benzo[a]pyrene in cultures of the green microalgae Selenastrum capricornutum. The metabolites of benzo[a]pyrene (BaP), 4,5-dihydrodiol benzo[a]pyrene, 9,10-dihydrodiol benzo[a]pyrene, 3-hydroxy benzo[a]pyrene and 9-hydroxy benzo[a]pyrene were also included. The methodology consisted of three parts: (1) separation of liquid media from biomass samples by centrifugation of pure cultures, (2) off-line extraction of analytes from biomass by a miniaturized matrix solid phase dispersion (MSPD) method and from liquid media by a solid phase extraction (SPE) method and (3) on-line SPE preconcentration and analysis of the MSPD and SPE extracts, separately, by high performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection (HPLC-FD). The off-line/on-line (MSPD/SPE-HPLC-FD) method was validated over a concentration range of 20-200 pg mg(-1) obtaining good linearity (r(2)>0.9912) and precision values measured as relative standard deviation (RSD)<5%, recovery values were in the range of (40-66%) and the limits of detection (LODs) ranged from 2 to 6.5 pg mg(-1). The off-line/on-line (SPE/SPE-HPLC-FD) method was validated over a concentration range of 5-120 pg mL(-1); r(2)>0.9913 and RSD<7.36%, recovery values were in the range of 38-74% and LODs ranged from 0.8 to 2.3 pg mL(-1). This methodology was applied to samples from cultures exposed to BaP at 5 ng mL(-1) with different exposure times (0.75, 1.5, 3, 6, 24 and 48 h). The analytical methodology was suitable for measuring the very low amounts of residual BaP and metabolites produced in bioassays. Results showed that some of the metabolites favored by the microalgae are the dihydrodiols. The microalgae cultures were able to decrease the BaP level in the liquid medium below the United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) limit (<0.2 ng mL(-1)).
A cross-sectional study was conducted to assess whether urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) could serve as a biomarker to assess the effect of PAHs on cellular and molecular changes of sperm. Urine and semen samples were collected from a total of 65 healthy coke oven workers. Sperm quality parameters (concentration, motility, vitality, and morphology) and semen integrity (DNA fragmentation, 8-oxodGuo, bulky DNA adducts) were analyzed. Sixteen (16) targeted PAHs at the personal breathing zone area were monitored and quantified. Results showed that urinary 1-OHP positively correlated with measured levels of 16 targeted PAHs. Urinary 1-OHP did not significantly correlate with semen quality; however, PAHs with heavy molecular weight, e.g., benzo(g,h,i)perylene and benzo(k)fluoranthene, negatively correlated with morphology and motility of sperms (p = 0.02 and 0.002, p = 0.04 and 0.04, respectively). Urinary 1-OHP positively correlated with the level of 8-oxodGuo and bulky DNA adducts, but not DNA fragmentation. Urinary 1-OHP was a suitable biomarker for an estimate of biologically effective doses of PAH exposure. However, urinary 1-OHP may not be sufficient as a biomarker to assess both cellular and molecular changes of sperm induced by PAHs.
A capillary zone electrophoresis method is presented for the analysis of six biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine samples. Baseline resolution of 2-hydroxyfluorene, 2-hydroxynaphthalene, 1-hydroxypyrene, 9-hydroxyphenanthrene, 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene, 4-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene and 5-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene was achieved in approximately 17 min with a 20 mM borate buffer prepared in 50% methanol-water (volume/volume). Competitive limits of detection were obtained for all the studied metabolites using commercial instrumentation equipped with an ultraviolet-visible absorption detector. Detection at the sub-parts-per-billion concentration levels was made possible via sample pre-concentration based on solid-phase extraction and sample stacking. Solid-phase extraction was performed with the aid of a twelve port vacuum manifold. Sample stacking was carried out in methanol, i.e. the eluting solvent from the solid-phase extraction procedure. To the extent of our literature search, this is the first application of sample stacking to the analysis of monohydroxy-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine samples. Metabolite recoveries varied from 93.2 ± 7.7% (5-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene) to 108.7 ± 7.8% (2-hydroxynaphthalene). Limits of detection were at the trace level ranging from 0.99 ng mL(-1) (3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene) to 8.54 ng mL(-1) (2-hydroxynaphthalene). The new method was found to be free of interference from four pharmacological drugs - naproxen, ibuprofen, diclofenac and amoxicillin - that might be found in urine samples of unhealthy individuals.
Drinking maté, common in southern South America, may increase the risk of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC). In 2006, we found high but variable polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) content in commercial yerba maté samples from eight Brazilian brands. The PAH content of new samples from the same brands, purchased in 2008, and four brands from a single manufacturer processed in different ways, obtained in 2010, were quantified to determine whether PAH concentration was still high, whether PAH content variation was brand specific, and whether processing method affects PAH content of commercial yerba maté. Concentrations of individual PAHs were quantified using gas chromatography/mass spectrometry with deuterated PAHs as internal standards. Median total PAH concentration was 1500 ng/g (range: 625-3710 ng/g) and 1090 ng/g (621-1990 ng/g) in 2008 and 2010 samples, respectively. Comparing 2006 and 2008 samples, some brands had high PAH concentrations in both years, while PAH concentration changed considerably in others. Benzo[a]pyrene concentrations ranged from 11.9 to 99.3 ng/g and 5.11 to 21.0 ng/g in 2008 and 2010 samples, respectively. The 2010 sample processed without touching smoke had the lowest benzo[a]pyrene content. These results support previous findings of very high total and carcinogenic PAH concentrations in yerba maté, perhaps contributing to the high incidence of ESCC in southern South America. The large PAH content variation by brand, batch, and processing method suggests it may be possible to reduce the content of carcinogenic PAHs in commercial yerba maté, making it a healthier beverage.
A sample preparation method for the determination of hydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAHs) in sediment samples was developed using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Dispersive liquid-liquid microextraction (DLLME) with derivatization was performed following the subcritical water extraction (SWE) that provided which was provided by accelerated solvent extraction (ASE). Several important parameters that affected both SWE extraction and DLLME, such as the selection of organic modifier, its volume, extraction temperature, extraction pressure and extraction time were also investigated. High sensitivity of the hydroxylated PAHs derivatives by N-(tert-butyldimethylsilyl)-N-methyl-trifluoroacetamide (MTBSTFA) could be achieved with the limits of detection (LODs) ranging from 0.0139 (2-OH-nap) to 0.2334 μg kg(-1) (3-OH-fluo) and the relative standard deviations (RSDs) between 2.81% (2-OH-phe) and 11.07% (1-OH-pyr). Moreover, the proposed method was compared with SWE coupled with solid phase extraction (SPE), and the results showed that ASE-DLLME was more promising with recoveries ranging from 57.63% to 91.07%. The proposed method was then applied to determine the hydroxylated metabolites of phenanthrene in contaminated sediments produced during the degradation by two PAH-degraders isolated from mangrove sediments.
BACKGROUND: Exposure to traffic-related air pollutants, including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and heavy metals, has been associated with the etiology and prognosis of many illnesses. However, the specific causal agents and underlying mechanisms for different health outcomes remain unclear. The aims of this study were to assess the relations between urinary biomarkers of exposure to PAHs (1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide, 1-OHPG) and heavy metals (cadmium, Cd; nickel, Ni; arsenic, As; lead, Pb; and copper, Cu) and the effect of their interaction on DNA damage (8-oxo-7,8-dihydro-guanine, 8-oxodG). METHODS: We recruited 91 traffic conductors and 53 indoor office workers between May 2009 and June 2011 in Taipei, Taiwan. Postshift urine samples from 2 consecutive days were analyzed for 1-OHPG, Cd, Ni, As, Pb, Cu, and 8-oxodG. To estimate the effects from PAHs and metals on DNA damage, we constructed a linear mixed model adjusted for confounding variables. RESULTS: We found that urinary 1-OHPG and Cd levels were independent predictors of urinary 8-oxodG levels (β = 0.112; P = 0.015 for 1-OHPG; β = 0.138; P = 0.031 for urinary Cd). The joint effect of urinary 1-OHPG and Cd levels was associated with urinary 8-oxodG levels (P = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Co-exposure to environmental PAHs and Cd could cause oxidative DNA damage. IMPACT: These findings suggest that the additive interaction between exposure to environmental PAHs and Cd could enhance the burden of oxidative stress. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) likely play a role in many cancers even in never-smokers. We tried to find a model to explain the relationship between variation in PAH-related DNA adduct levels among people with similar exposures, multiple genetic polymorphisms in genes related to metabolic and repair pathways, and nucleotide excision repair (NER) capacity. In 111 randomly selected female never-smokers from the Golestan Cohort Study in Iran, we evaluated 21 SNPs in 14 genes related to xenobiotic metabolism and 12 SNPs in eight DNA repair genes. NER capacity was evaluated by a modified comet assay, and aromatic DNA adduct levels were measured in blood by32P-postlabeling. Multivariable regression models were compared by Akaike's information criterion (AIC). Aromatic DNA adduct levels ranged between 1.7 and 18.6 per 10(8) nucleotides (mean: 5.8 ± 3.1). DNA adduct level was significantly lower in homozygotes for NAT2 slow alleles and ERCC5 non-risk-allele genotype, and was higher in the MPO homozygote risk-allele genotype. The sum of risk alleles in these genes significantly correlated with the log-adduct level (r = 0.4, p < 0.001). Compared with the environmental model, adding Phase I SNPs and NER capacity provided the best fit, and could explain 17% more of the variation in adduct levels. NER capacity was affected by polymorphisms in the MTHFR and ERCC1 genes. Female non-smokers in this population had PAH-related DNA adduct levels three to four times higher than smokers and occupationally-exposed groups in previous studies, with large inter-individual variation which could best be explained by a combination of Phase I genes and NER capacity.
The Seine Estuary is well known to be widely contaminated by organic pollutants and especially by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). Fish are known to metabolize PAHs, leading to different toxic effects at both cellular and sub-cellular levels. In this work, we studied the relationships between the 7-ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD) activity in the liver, the level of DNA strand breaks in blood cells and the concentration of PAH metabolites in the bile of the sentinel flatfish species Limanda limanda. Muscle and liver samples were analysed for parent PAH levels. Female and male dabs of two size classes (juveniles and adults) were collected by trawling in two sites with different degrees of pollution during March and September 2005 and 2006. Significant effects of sex, age, site and season were demonstrated on EROD activity and the level of strand breaks. Parent PAH concentrations in dabs did not allow discriminating of the two sampling sites. However, for PAH metabolites, significant differences were observed with sites and seasons. Dabs collected at the mouth of the estuary appeared to be the most impacted when looking at the results obtained with the three selected markers. The significant correlations observed between the level of PAH metabolites and the level of DNA lesions showed the importance of a combined analysis of chemical and biochemical markers to correctly assess the contribution of chemical contamination to the toxic effects measured in situ in fish.
As an attempt to study on the biomarkers types to assess the specification of the pollutants and health status of marine ecosystems, sediments and biota (i.e., Boleophthalmus dussumieri) were collected from the Persian Gulf. The liver glutathione S-transferase (GST) activity in mudskipper was higher as compared with that in blood which could be illustrated by high metabolic rate in this organ, its key role in the metabolism of PAHs detoxification and specificity of enzymes composition. The results suggest that the liver GST activity in B. dussumieri was PAH inducible and could be extended as a biomarker of PAH pollution.
Certain substances from the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) group are major inducers of respiratory tract carcinogenesis. The presented are the results of a serological epidemiological study aimed at monitoring the levels of anti-PAH antibodies and antibodies to PAH-DNA adducts in serum. The patients studied belonged both to the group of those with known lung disease (COPD and lung cancer), as well as to the healthy population of people who due to the work conditions or those at the place of residence can expect increased exposure to PAHs. In addition to the results proper that confirm increase of the genotoxic exposure risk to PAH in smoke-polluted places of residence and other PAH polluted environments. There has also been proved the relevance of still commonly used markers (DNA adducts), as well as the suitability of new markers, more favourable from the economic and practical viewpoints (anti-benzo(a)pyrene-7,8-dihydrodiol-9,10-epoxide-DNA [anti-BPDE-DNA], anti-Benzo(a)pyrene antibodies of the IgA class).
BACKGROUND: Bronchial asthma is one of the most prevalent diseases in Arab children. Environmental pollution has been suggested to be considered causative of asthma, nasal symptoms and bronchitis in both children and adult. The objectives of this study were to evaluate the association between serum polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) levels, asthma and allergic outcomes among Saudi children aged up to 15 yrs. We hypothesized that increased serum PAHs are associated with allergy, asthma, or respiratory symptoms. METHODS: A total of 195 Saudi children (98 asthma pediatric patients and 97 healthy controls) were randomly selected from the Riyadh Cohort Study for inclusion. The diagnosis of Asthma was based on established pediatric diagnosis and medications taken. RESULTS: Asthma related markers showed highly significant differences between children with and without asthma. Thus IgE, resistin and IL-4 were significantly increased (p 0.004, 0.001 and 0.003, respectively) in children with asthma compared with non-asthma control subjects. GMCSF, IFN-γ, IL-5, IL-8 and IL-10, on the other hand, were significantly decreased in children with asthma (p 0.003, 0.03, 0.001, 0.004 and 0.03, respectively). Strong associations between serum PAHs levels and biomarkers of childhood asthma were detected in Arabic children. Data confirmed the role of naphthalene, 4H-cyclobenta[def]phenanthrene, 1,2-benzanthracene, chrysene and benzo(e)acephenanthrylene in childhood asthma; levels of these PAHs were correlated with asthma related biomarkers including IgE, resistin, GMCSF and IFN-γ as well as IL-4, IL-5, IL-8 and IL-10 cytokines. CONCLUSIONS: This data highlight the pivotal role of specific PAHs in childhood asthma. 
In a birth cohort study, we have assessed the dose-response relationship between individual measurements of prenatal airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and specific PAH-DNA adducts in cord blood adjusted for maternal blood adducts and season of birth. The study uses data from an earlier established birth cohort of children in Krakow. The final analysis included 362 pregnant women who gave birth to term babies and had complete data on personal exposure in the second trimester of pregnancy to eight airborne PAHs including benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P), as well as DNA adducts, both in maternal and cord blood. The relation between cord blood PAH-DNA adducts and airborne prenatal PAH exposure was non-linear. Although cord blood PAH-DNA adducts were significantly associated with the B[a]P exposure categorized by tertiles (non-parametric trend z=3.50, P<0.001), the relationship between B[a]P and maternal blood adducts was insignificant (z=1.63, P=0.103). Based on the multivariable linear regression model, we estimated the effect of the prenatal airborne B[a]P on the level of cord blood adducts. In total, 14.8% of cord blood adducts variance was attributed to the level of maternal adducts and 3% to a higher prenatal B[a] exposure above 5.70 ng/m(3). The calculated fetal/maternal blood adduct ratio (FMR) linearly increased with B[a]P exposure (z=1.99, P=0.047) and was highest at B[a]P concentrations exceeding 5.70 ng/m(3). In conclusion, the results support other findings that transplacental exposure to B[a]P from maternal inhalation produces DNA damage in the developing fetus. It also confirms the heightened fetal susceptibility to prenatal PAH exposure that should be a matter of public health concern, particularly in the highly polluted areas, because DNA adducts represent a pro-carcinogenic alteration in DNA. The continuation of this birth cohort study will assess the possible health effects of fetal DNA damage on the health of children and help in establishing new protective guidelines for newborns.
A pilot cross-sectional study was carried out in a group of 39 male brick manufacturers in San Luis Potosi, Mexico to identify epigenetic biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). A questionnaire was used to compile the smoking and drinking habits, clinical history, working time, and socioeconomic characteristics of the participants. 1-Hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) levels were measured from urine samples using high-performance liquid chromatography, and genomic DNA was isolated from blood samples for methylation analysis using pyrosequencing. The mean 1-OHP level was 0.18 μg g(-1) creatinine (range 0.023-1.11), which was below the expected occupational exposure level. After adjusting for potential confounders, the 1-OHP urine concentration was negatively associated with DNA methylation of the interleukin 12 (β=-1.57; 95% CI: -2.9 to -0.23; p=0.02) and p53 gene promoters (β=-2.7; 95% CI: -5.46-0.06; p=0.055). Suggestive negative associations were also found for the TNF-α gene (β=-3.9; 95% CI:-8.28-0.48; p=0.08) and Alu sequences (β=-0.55; 95% CI:-1.25-0.16; p=0.12). Although the individual exposures to PAHs as estimated by urinary 1-OHP concentrations were low, changes in specific and global DNA methylation were observed.
Women and children in developing countries are often exposed to high levels of air pollution including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), which may negatively impact their health, due to household combustion of biomass fuel for cooking and heating. We compared creatinine adjusted hydroxy-PAH (OH-PAH) concentrations in pregnant women in Trujillo, Peru who cook with wood to levels measured in those who cook with kerosene, liquefied petroleum gas or a combination of fuels. Seventy-nine women were recruited for the study between May and July 2004 in the first trimester of their pregnancy. Urine samples were collected from the subjects in the first, second and third trimesters for OH-PAH analyses. The concentrations of the OH-PAHs were compared across the type of fuel used for cooking and pregnancy trimesters. The relationships between OH-PAHs levels in the first trimester and concurrently measured personal exposures to PM₂.₅, carbon monoxide and nitrogen dioxide together with their indoor and outdoor air concentrations were also investigated. Women cooking with wood or kerosene had the highest creatinine adjusted OH-PAH concentrations compared with those using gas, coal briquette or a combination of fuels. Concentrations of creatinine adjusted 2-hydroxy-fluorene, 3-hydroxy-fluorene, 1-hydroxy-fluorene, 2-hydroxy-phenanthrene and 4-hydroxy-phenanthrene were significantly higher (p<0.05) in women who used wood or kerosene alone compared with women who used liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), coal briquette or a combination of fuels. An increase in the concentrations of creatinine adjusted 9-hydroxy-fluorene, 1-hydroxy-phenanthrene, 2-hydroxy-phenanthrene, 4-hydroxy-phenanthrene and 1-hydroxy-pyrene in the third trimesters was also observed. Weak positive correlation (Spearman correlation coefficient, ρ<0.4; p<0.05) was observed between all first trimester creatinine adjusted OH-PAHs and indoor (kitchen and living room), and personal 48-h TWA PM₂.₅. Women who cooked exclusively with wood or kerosene had higher creatinine adjusted OH-PAH levels in their urine samples compared to women who cooked with LPG or coal briquette.
We first estimated the content of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in the brain, liver, bladder, roe, and muscle of four species of edible freshwater fish from the Beijing market. The distribution characteristics of PAHs in these tissues and organs were analyzed to determine their health risks to humans. The results showed that the residual levels of wet weight and lipid-normalized weight ∑PAHs in various tissues of these fish ranged from 0.51 ng·g(-1) to 28.78 ng·g(-1) and from 93.62 ng·g(-1) to 8203.43 ng·g(-1), respectively. The wet weight contents of ∑PAHs were relatively higher in the brain and lower in the liver and muscle. But the differences were not significant. And the differences of lipid-normalized weight PAHs were significant, which in the bighead carp were found significantly the highest, followed in crucian carp, and the lowest in grass carp and carp. The contents of ∑PAHs were the highest in the liver and the lowest in the brain. In the tissues with a higher lipid content, higher residual levels of PAHs were found. The carcinogenic risks for humans from residual ∑PAHs in the various fish tissues were far below 10(-5).
Exposure of the general population to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) is ubiquitous. The aim of this study was to analyze biomarkers associated with the uptake of PAH in 428 non-smoking women from Łodz (Poland), Viterbo (Italy), Belgrade (Serbia) and from the Pančevo area, where the petrochemical complex was destroyed by the air raids in 1999. Urinary excretion of PAH metabolites was lowest in Italian women, intermediary for Serbian and highest in Polish women, who predominantly excreted hydroxy phenanthrenes as metabolites of phenanthrene. Bulky DNA adduct levels were highest in Italian and Polish women. Genotype or PAH ambient air levels could not explain the dissimilarities between the study groups with respect to biomarker patterns, which probably reflected differences in life style-associated factors.
BACKGROUND: Sensitization to cockroach is one of the strongest identified risk factors for greater asthma morbidity in low-income urban communities; however, the timing of exposures relevant to the development of sensitization has not been elucidated fully. Furthermore, exposure to combustion byproducts, including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), can augment the development of allergic sensitization. OBJECTIVE: We sought to test the hypotheses that domestic cockroach allergen measured prenatally would predict cockroach sensitization in early childhood and that this association would be greater for children exposed to higher PAH concentrations. METHODS: Dominican and African American pregnant women living in New York City were enrolled. In the third trimester expectant mothers wore personal air samplers for measurement of 8 nonvolatile PAHs and the semivolatile PAH pyrene, and dust was collected from homes for allergen measurement. Glutathione-S-transferase μ 1 (GSTM1) gene polymorphisms were measured in children. Allergen-specific IgE levels were measured from the children at ages 2, 3, 5, and 7 years. RESULTS: Bla g 2 in prenatal kitchen dust predicted cockroach sensitization at the ages of 5 to 7 years (adjusted relative risk [RR], 1.15; P = .001; n = 349). The association was observed only among children with greater than (RR, 1.22; P = .001) but not less than (RR, 1.07; P = .24) the median sum of 8 nonvolatile PAH levels. The association was most pronounced among children with higher PAH levels and null for the GSTM1 gene (RR, 1.54; P = .001). CONCLUSIONS: Prenatal exposure to cockroach allergen was associated with a greater risk of allergic sensitization. This risk was increased by exposure to nonvolatile PAHs, with children null for the GSTM1 mutation particularly vulnerable. 
Concentrations of 12 hydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAHs) were determined in 306 urine samples collected from seven Asian countries (China, India, Japan, Korea, Kuwait, Malaysia, and Vietnam) by high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS/MS). The total concentrations of OH-PAHs found in the seven Asian countries were in the following increasing order: Malaysia (median: 2260 pg/mL) < Japan (4030 pg/mL) < China (5770 pg/mL) < India (6750 pg/mL) < Vietnam (8560 pg/mL) < Korea (9340 pg/mL) < Kuwait (10170 pg/mL). The measured urinary concentrations of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-PYR) in samples from Malaysia, Korea, and Japan (∼ 100 pg/mL) were similar to those reported for North America and Western Europe. The concentrations of 1-PYR in urine samples from China, India, and Vietnam were 4-10 times higher than those reported for other countries, thus far. Among the 12 OH-PAH compounds analyzed, hydroxynaphthalene (NAP: sum of 1-hydroxynaphthalene and 2-hydroxynaphthalene) was the dominant compound (accounting for 60-90% of total OH-PAHs), followed by hydroxyphenanthrene (PHEN: sum of 2-hydroxyphenanthrene, 3-hydroxyphenanthrene, 4-hydroxyphenanthrene, and 9-hydroxyphenanthrene [3-16%]), 2-hydroxyfluorene (3-20%), and 1-PYR (2-8%). The total daily intakes (DIs) of PAHs were estimated based on the urinary concentrations of their metabolites. The DIs of naphthalene were found to be higher for populations in Korea, Kuwait, and Vietnam (> 10 μg/day) than those of the other countries studied (∼ 5 μg/day). The DIs of phenanthrene and pyrene (> 10 μg/day) in the populations of China, India, and Vietnam were higher than those estimated for the populations in the other countries studied (∼ 5 μg/day).
We examined the relationship between PAH-DNA adduct levels in the placental tissue, measured by a highly sensitive (32)P-postlabeling assay, and the risk of fetal neural tube defects (NTDs). We further explored the interaction between PAH-DNA adducts and placental PAHs with respect to NTD risk. Placental tissues from 80 NTD-affected pregnancies and 50 uncomplicated normal pregnancies were included in this case-control study. Levels of PAH-DNA adducts were lower in the NTD group (8.12 per 10(8) nucleotides) compared to controls (9.92 per 10(8) nucleotides). PAH-DNA adduct concentrations below the median was associated with a 3-fold increased NTD risk. Women with a low PAH-DNA adduct level in concert with a high placental PAH level resulted in a 10-fold elevated risk of having an NTD-complicated pregnancy. A low level of placental PAH-DNA adducts was associated with an increased risk of NTDs; this risk increased dramatically when a low adduct level was coupled with a high placental PAH concentration.
In this study, a novel application of polyetheretherketone (PEEK) tubing for solid phase extraction (SPE) of urinary hydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAHs) is presented. The use of PEEK tubing for extracting nine OH-PAHs (2-5 rings) from different matrixes (e.g., urine, acid/enzymatic hydrolysis solution) was demonstrated; a facile method for fast (<2 min) quantification of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHPyr) was also developed by the use of PEEK tubing extraction coupled to electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry (ESI-MS/MS). Although no optimization was performed for the extraction process, a limit of detection (LOD) as low as 0.01 μg L(-1) was obtained, and the ratio of signal intensity of 1-OHPyr to that of 1-OHPyr-d9 (internal standard) was linearly related with the 1-OHPyr concentration over the range of 0.05-5.00 μg L(-1) (R(2) = 0.9995). Satisfactory recoveries (87-91%) were achieved, and less than 2 min was required to carry out the whole analytical procedure including sample pretreatment and mass spectrometric detection. In a biomonitoring study, the PEEK tubing extraction based method was successfully applied to the quantification of 1-OHPyr in eight human urine samples, further confirming the potential of PEEK tubing for SPE of organic compounds.
Little is known in terms of multi-matrix cytochrome P450 activity induction under repeated oral exposure to planar halogenated and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PHH, PAH). In the present study, 60 rats were daily exposed, during 28 days, to oral ingestion of a mixture consisting of phenanthrene, pyrene and benzo(a)pyrene at 0, 6 or 600 μg/day. EROD activity, reflecting almost exclusively CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 activities, was measured in brain and liver microsomes as well as in peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBLs). All induction kinetics could be appropriately fitted using logistic-like models. After 28 days of exposure to a 6 μg/day dose, EROD activity was found to be 91, 152 and 94-fold increased in lymphocytes, liver and brain, respectively, compared to day 0. Plateau activities could be appropriately fitted versus ingested doses using Hill or Michaelis-Menten models. Correlations between matrices made it possible to conclude that EROD activity in PBL should be considered as a sensitive, convenient and non-destructive approach for (i) evaluating EROD activity in liver, which was found to represent 98% of the observed EROD activities in the three tested matrices and (ii) evaluating oral exposure of homogeneous groups of farm animals (race, diet) to CYP inducing PAH and PHH.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are widespread environmental pollutants that are formed in combustion processes. At the cellular level, exposure to PAHs causes oxidative stress and/or some of it congeners bind to DNA, which may interact with mitochondrial function. However, the influence of these pollutants on mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) content remains largely unknown. We determined whether indoor exposure to PAHs is associated with mitochondrial damage as represented by blood mtDNA content. Blood mtDNA content (ratio mitochondrial/nuclear DNA copy number) was determined by real-time qPCR in 46 persons, both in winter and summer. Indoor PAH exposure was estimated by measuring PAHs in sedimented house dust, including 6 volatile PAHs and 8 non-volatile PAHs. Biomarkers of oxidative stress at the level of DNA and lipid peroxidation were measured. In addition to the epidemiologic enquiry, we exposed human TK6 cells during 24 h at various concentrations (range: 0 to 500 µM) of benzo(a)pyrene and determined mtDNA content. Mean blood mtDNA content averaged (± SD) 0.95 ± 0.185. The median PAH content amounted 554.1 ng/g dust (25(th)-75(th) percentile: 390.7-767.3) and 1385 ng/g dust (25(th)-75(th) percentile: 1000-1980) in winter for volatile and non-volatile PAHs respectively. Independent for gender, age, BMI and the consumption of grilled meat or fish, blood mtDNA content decreased by 9.85% (95% CI: -15.16 to -4.2; p = 0.002) for each doubling of non-volatile PAH content in the house dust in winter. The corresponding estimate for volatile PAHs was -7.3% (95% CI: -13.71 to -0.42; p = 0.04). Measurements of oxidative stress were not correlated with PAH exposure. During summer months no association was found between mtDNA content and PAH concentration. The ability of benzo(a)pyrene (range 0 µM to 500 µM) to lower mtDNA content was confirmed in vitro in human TK6 cells. Based on these findings, mtDNA content can be a target of PAH toxicity in humans.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are well known environmental carcinogens. PAH metabolites, especially BaP-7,8- dihydrodiol, 9,10 epoxide, initiate carcinogenesis via high specificity binding to DNA to form DNA adducts. The Korean red ginseng (KRG) from Panax ginseng has been suggested to protect against damages due to PAH exposure but the mechanism is unknown. Therefore, we investigated effects of KRG on PAH exposure using toxicokinetic methods and changes of PAH-induced oxidative damage during a 2 week-clinical trial (n=21 healthy young female, 23.71±2.43 years). To analyze antioxidative effects of KRG, we measured changes in the levels of urinary malondialdehyde (MDA) before and after KRG treatment. We observed a significant positive association between levels of urinary MDA and 1-hydroxypyrene, a biomarker of PAH exposures (slope=1.47, p=0.03) and confirmed oxidative stress induced by PAH exposures. A reverse significant correlation between KRG treatment and level of urinary MDA was observed (p=0.03). In summary, results of our clinical trial study suggest that KRG plays a significant role in antioxidative as well as toxicokinetic pathways against PAHs exposure.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are persistent organic pollutants originating from incomplete combustion processes. Humans are mainly exposed through contaminated food ingestion. PAHs are neurotoxic compounds both for human and rodents, and may be found in placenta, umbilical cord blood and breast milk, suggesting that early exposure may impact developing central nervous system. In a previous study we showed that PAH exposure during both gestation and lactation periods in rats increased anxiety-related behaviours and decreased cerebral metabolism in several key structures linked to the limbic system on male pups at the adult stage. The aim of the present study was to assess the effects of an exclusive gestational PAH exposure on the same aspects of brain functionality. Female rats were exposed through diet to a 16 PAH mixture at doses of 2 μg/kg/day or 200 μg/kg/day during gestation. Late neurotoxic effects were evaluated by carrying out behavioural and cognitive tests and histochemical analyses using cytochrome oxidase activity as a cerebral metabolism marker in different brain areas. The results of this study revealed that behaviour and cerebral metabolism on prenatally PAH exposed adult rats was not significantly affected by the exposure to these pollutants. Finally this work highlights that the exposure period to pollutants such as PAHs at very early stages of development play a key role on the neurological impairment induced.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are known to induce reactive oxygen species and oxidative stress, but the dose-response relationships between exposure to PAHs and oxidative stress levels have not been established. In this study, we recruited 1333 male coke oven workers, monitored the levels of environmental PAHs, and measured internal PAH exposure biomarkers including 12 urinary PAH metabolites and plasma benzo[a]pyrene-r-7,t-8,t-9,c-10-tetrahydotetrol-albumin (BPDE-Alb) adducts, as well as the two oxidative biomarkers urinary 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) and 8-iso-prostaglandin-F2α (8-iso-PGF2α). We found that the total concentration of urinary PAH metabolites and plasma BPDE-Alb adducts were both significantly associated with increased 8-OHdG and 8-iso-PGF2α in both smokers and nonsmokers (all p < 0.05). This exposure-response effect was also observed for most PAH metabolites (all p(trend) < 0.01), except for 4-hydroxyphenanthrene and 8-OHdG (p(trend) = 0.108). Furthermore, it was shown that only urinary 1-hydroxypyrene has a significant positive association with both 8-OHdG and 8-iso-PGF2α after a Bonferroni correction (p < 0.005). Our results indicated that urinary ΣOH-PAHs and plasma BPDE-Alb adducts can result in significant dose-related increases in oxidative damage to DNA and lipids. Furthermore, when a multianalyte method is unavailable, our findings demonstrate that urinary 1-hydroxypyrene is a useful biomarker for evaluating total PAHs exposure and assessing oxidative damage in coke oven workers.
BACKGROUND: Associations between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and colorectal cancer have been reported previously but few studies have characterized PAH exposure using biological measurements. We evaluated colorectal cancer risk in relation to urinary concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide (1-OHPG), a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolite, and assessed determinants of PAH exposure among controls in the Shanghai Women's Health Study (SWHS). METHODS: Concentrations of 1-OHPG were measured in spot urine samples collected from 343 colorectal cancer cases and 343 individually matched controls. Questionnaires were administered to collect information on demographic characteristics and reported exposures. Odds ratios were calculated for risk of colorectal cancer in relation to quartiles of urinary 1-OHPG concentration. Potential determinants of natural log-transformed urinary 1-OHPG concentration were evaluated among a combined sample of controls from this study and another nested case-control study in the SWHS (N(total)=652). RESULTS: No statistically significant differences in risk of colorectal cancer by urinary 1-OHPG levels were observed. Among controls, the median (interquartile range) urinary 1-OHPG concentration was 2.01 pmol/mL (0.95-4.09). Active and passive smoking, using coal as a cooking fuel, eating foods that were cooked well done, and recent consumption of fried dough (e.g., yóutiáo) were associated with elevated levels of 1-OHPG, though only active smoking and fried dough consumption achieved statistical significance in multivariate analyses. CONCLUSIONS: This study does not provide evidence of an association between urinary levels of 1-OHPG and risk of colorectal cancer among women. Several environmental and dietary sources of PAH exposure were identified. Overall, the levels of 1-OHPG in this population of predominantly non-smoking women were considerably higher than levels typically observed among non-smokers in Europe, North America, and other developed regions. 
This article reviews the published studies on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) as a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in work environments. Sampling and analysis strategies as well as a methodology for determining biological exposure indices (BEIs) of 1-OHP in urine for different work environments are proposed for the biological monitoring of occupational exposure to PAHs. Owing to the kinetics of absorption of pyrene by different exposure routes and excretion of 1-OHP in urine, in general, 1-OHP urinary excretion levels increase during the course of a workday, reaching maximum values 3-9 h after the end of work. When the contribution of dermal exposure is important, post-shift 1-OHP excretion can however be lower than pre-shift levels in the case where a worker has been exposed occupationally to PAHs on the day prior to sampling. In addition, 1-OHP excretion levels in either pre-shift, post-shift or evening samples increase during the course of a work-week, levelling off after three consecutive days of work. Consequently, ideally, for a first characterization of a work environment and for an indication of the major exposure route, considering a 5-day work-week (Monday to Friday), the best sampling strategy would be to collect all micturitions over 24 h starting on Monday morning. Alternatively, collection of pre-shift, post-shift and evening urine samples on the first day of the work-week and at the end of the work-week is recommended. For routine monitoring, pre-shift samples on Monday and post-shift samples on Friday should be collected when pulmonary exposure is the main route of exposure. On the other hand, pre-shift samples on Monday and Friday should be collected when the contribution of skin uptake is important. The difference between beginning and end of work-week excretion will give an indication of the average exposure over the workweek. Pre-shift samples on the first day of the work-week will indicate background values, and, hence, reflect general environment exposure and body burden of pyrene and/or its metabolites. On the other hand, since PAH profile can vary substantially in different work sites, a single BEI cannot apply to all workplaces. A simple equation was therefore developed to establish BEIs for workers exposed to PAHs in different work environments by using a BEI already established for a given work environment and by introducing a correction factor corresponding to the ratio of the airborne concentration of the sum of benzo(a)pyrene (BaP) equivalent to that of pyrene. The sum of BaP equivalent concentrations represents the sum of carcinogenic PAH concentrations expressed as BaP using toxic equivalent factors. Based on a previously estimated BEI of 2.3 μmol 1-OHP mol(-1) creatinine for coke-oven workers, BEIs of 4.4, 8.0 and 9.8 μmol 1-OHP mol(-1) creatinine were respectively calculated for vertical pin Söderberg workers, anode workers and pre-bake workers of aluminium plants and a BEI of 1.2 μmol 1-OHP mol(-1) creatinine was estimated for iron foundry workers. This approach will allow the potential risk of cancer in individuals occupationally exposed to PAHs to be assessed better. 
1-Hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) urinary excretion has been studied in subjects exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) from different sources (urban air pollution, cigarette smoking, food contamination or occupational exposure). In Study A, statistically significant differences among subjects categorized according to daily cigarette consumption were observed: 1-OHP median excretion of heavy smokers (more than 20 cigarettes per day; 1-OHP=371 ng l(-1); n=6) was significantly increased over that of non-smokers (1-OHP=160 ng l(-1); n=79), light smokers (less than 10 cigarettes per day,1-OHP=157 ng l(-1); n=7) and also medium smokers (10-20 cigarettes per day, 1-OHP=154 ng l(-1); n=13) (p&lt;0.04). In smokers, 1-OHP excretion (y, ng l(-1)) increased with the intensity of cigarette consumption and was associated with self-reported number of cigarettes smoked daily (x, n) (y=20+16.6x; r=0.58, n=22, p&lt;0.01), urinary thiocyanate (x, µmoll(-1)) (y=55+2.6x; r=0.57, n=20, p&lt;0.01) and cotinine (x, µg l(-1)) (y=89+0.23x; r=0.62, n=17, p&lt;0.01). In Study B the influence of smoked food consumption on 1-OHP excretion was evaluated: 1-OHP excretion began to increase as soon as 3 h after a PAH-rich meal and peak values were reached between 6 and 9 h after lunch. Maximum excretion mean values were respectively 525 ng l(-1) for non-smokers (n=8) and 650 ng l(-1) for smokers (n= 4). 1-OHP concentrations in next-morning samples were back to pre-lunch levels both for non-smokers and smokers. In Study C non-smoker workers (n=28) occupationally exposed to PAH in a steel plant were investigated. At values of airborne pyrene ranging between 6 and 30 µg m(-3), excretion values of 1-OHP up to 80000 ng l(-1) were observed. The use of urinary 1-OHP as a screening test to discriminate between smokers and non-smokers in the presence of uncorrected dietary influence has been calculated according to a cut-off value of 461 ng l(-1) (reference group upper limit): the 1-OHP positive predictive value is 57%, its predictive negative value is 77%, sensitivity is 15% and specificity is 96%. In conclusion, 1-OHP appears to be a valuable biomarker of pyrene exposure. It will be nevertheless more accurate in assessing human PAH exposure from multiple sources if the influence of different kinetics for inhaled (particulate or gaseous) or ingested PAH are considered and if the role of oxidative polymorphism is adequately elucidated. The possibility of using 1-OHP to estimate the total burden of PAH from different sources or of screening groups with different PAH exposure appears to be a possible approach. However, the use of 1-OHP to evaluate the associated risk of cancer is still a premature target. 
The use of DNA adduct measurement as a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) is now well established in ecotoxicology. In particular, DNA adduct levels in aquatic organisms has been found to produce a better correlation with PAH exposure than PAH concentrations in organisms. DNA adducts levels are most commonly determined using the (32)P-postlabelling assay which measures total aromatic adducts. The relationship between relative DNA adduct formation and carcinogenicity has been investigated for a number of carcinogenic and non-carcinogenic PAHs using an in vitro system. Our results demonstrate that relatively high levels of DNA adducts can be produced by some non-carcinogenic PAHs, while other non-carcinogenic compounds do not produce detectable adducts. In addition, it has been shown that all carcinogenic PAHs investigated produce DNAadducts and that a relationship exists between relative adduct formation and carcinogenic potency. An investigation of adduct levels in fish liver and crustacean hepatopancreas in Oxley Ck, Brisbane has shown that higher than expected DNA adduct levels were correlated with the presence of carcinogenic and non-carcinogenic PAHs with high relative adduct forming potential. 
The exposure of cokery workers to polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons at an Estonian oil shale processing plant was assessed by using occupational hygiene and biomonitoring measurements which were carried out twice, in midwinter and in the autumn. To assess the external dose of polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons, pyrene and benzo[a]pyrene concentrations were measured from the breathing zone of workers during a workshift. Skin contamination with pyrene and benzo[a]pyrene was assessed by skin wipe sampling before and after the workshift. As a biomarker of overall exposure to polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons, and as an integral of all absorption routes of pyrene, 1-hydroxypyrene concentration was measured from post shift urine samples. Of the personal air samples, 18% exceeded the Finnish threshold limit value of benzo[a]pyrene (10 μg m(-3)). Mean value (two separate measurements together) for benzo[a]pyrene was 5.7 μg m(-3) and for pyrene, 8.1 μg m(-3). Based on skin wipe sample analyses, the skin contamination was also obvious. The mean value of benzo[a]pyrene in the samples collected after the shift was 1.2 ng cm(-2). Benzo[a]pyrene was not found in control samples. The mean value of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration was 6.0 μmol mol(-1) creatinine for the exposed workers and 0.5 μmol mol(-1) creatinine for the controls. This study undoubtedly shows the usefulness of 1-hydroxypyrene as an indicator of internal dose of polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons. It can be concluded that the cokery workers at the Kohtla-Järve plant are exposed to high concentrations of polynuclear aromatic compounds, and the exposure level is considerably higher during the winter measurements. 
Determination of human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons PAHs is challenging because they are so broadly distributed in the environment and often difficult to quantitate using questionnaire methods. To enhance the ability to non invasively evaluate markers of both internal dose and biologically effective dose we have developed methods for the identification and quantitation of 1 hydroxypyrene-glucuronide and r 7, t 8, t 9, c 10 tetrahydroxy 7,8,9,10 tetrahydrobenzo a pyrene BP 7,10 8,9 tetrol in human urine. In the current study we applied these assays to urine samples collected from 43 hospitalized psoriasis patients treated with coal tar medication and 39 non treated volunteer controls. BP 7,10 8,9 tetrol was detected in 20 of 43 47 patients, ranging from 1 not detected to 124 fmol mumol-1 creatinine. In contrast, BP 7,10 8,9 tetrol was detected in only 4 of 39 10 controls, range 1 to 20.6 fmol mumol-1 creatinine p = 0.0006, Wilcoxon rank sum test. A second, more polar PAH metabolite, identified as 1 hydroxypyrene-glucuronide, was present in all urine samples. Mean 1 hydroxypyreneglucuronide levels were 40.96 72.62 pmol mumol-1 creatinine in patients and 0.38 0.32 pmol mumol-1 creatinine in control subjects p 0.0001 . The ratio of urinary levels of BP 7,10 8,9 tetrol to 1 hydroxypyrene-glucuronide was examined in the coal tar treated patients. This ratio was found to vary by approximately 6000 fold. This parameter cannot be explained by measurement error because the coefficients of variation for these assays are only 12 and 10 respectively, nor can it be explained by use of different coal tar products. These results provide further evidence that substantial interindividual variation in activation of benzo a pyrene and other PAHs exists, which may have implications for disease risk. 
We investigated whether the presence of (+)-anti-benzo(a)pyrene diolepoxide adducts to serum albumin (BPDE-SA) among workers exposed to benzo(a)pyrene (BaP) and unexposed reference controls was influenced by genetic polymorphisms of cytochrome P4501A1 (CYP1A1), microsomal epoxide hydrolase (EHPX), glutathione S-transferases M1 (GSTM1) and P1 (GSTP1), all involved in BaP metabolism. Exposed workers had significantly higher levels of adducts (0.124 ± 0.02 fmol BPTmg(-1) SA, mean ± SE) and a higher proportion of detectable adducts (40.3%) than controls (0.051 ± 0.01 fmol BPT mg(-1) SA; 16.1%) (p = 0:014 and p = 0:012). Smoking increased adduct levels only in occupationally exposed workers with the GSTM1 deletion (GSTM1 null) (p = 0:034). Smokers from the exposed group had higher adduct levels when they were CYP1A1 *1/*1 wild-type rather than heterozygous and homozygous for the variant alleles (CYP1A1 *1/*2 plus *2/*2) (p = 0:01). The dependence of BPDE-SA adduct levels and frequency on the CYP1A1 *1/*1 genotype was most pronounced in GSTM1-deficient smokers. Exposed workers with GSTM1 null/GSTP1 variant alleles had fewer detectable adducts than those with the GSTM1 null/GSTP1*A wild-type allele, supporting for the first time the recent in vitro finding that GSTP1 variants may be more effective in the detoxification of BPDE than the wild-type allele. Logistic regression analysis indicated that occupational exposure, wild-type CYP1A1*1/*1 allele and the combination of GSTM1 null genotype+EHPX genotypes associated with predicted low enzyme activity were significant predictors of BPDE-SA adducts. Though our findings should be viewed with caution because of the relatively limited size of the population analysed, the interaction between these polymorphic enzymes and BPDE-SA adducts seems to be specific for high exposure and might have an impact on the quantitative risk estimates for exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. 
Most squamous cell carcinomas of the oesophagus in low-risk populations are attributable to alcohol and tobacco consumption, but the aetiologic agents in many high-risk populations have yet to be definitively identified. Linxian, China has some of the highest oesophageal cancer rates in the world. Recent studies suggest that an association exists between high-level exposure to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), such as benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P), and the development of oesophageal cancer. The inhabitants of this high-risk region extensively use coal and wood for cooking and heating in unvented stoves, and thus may be exposed to PAHs produced during the incomplete combustion of these fuel sources. High levels of B[a]P were recently detected in staple food samples from Linxian and histopathologic changes that may be associated with PAH exposure have also been identified in oesophagectomy specimens from the region. In an effort to determine whether this high-risk population is exposed to high levels of PAHs, voided urines from non-smokers (n = 22) without occupational exposure were collected and analysed using immunoaffinity chromatography and synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy for 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide, a PAH metabolite and index biomarker for mixed PAH exposure. The median urine 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide concentration (2.06 pmol ml(-1)) was equivalent to concentrations detected in current smokers. To the authors' knowledge, this represents the first report of elevated urine 1-hydroxpyrene glucuronide concentrations in Linxian, and the first biologic confirmation that the inhabitants of this rural, non-industrial, high oesophageal cancer risk region are exposed to carcinogenic PAHs. 
Humans are exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons PAHs from various occupational, dietary, environmental and medicinal sources. We measured 1 hydroxypyrene glucuronide 1 OHP gluc concentration in urines from male non smokers n = 50, smokers of blond tobacco n = 31, smokers of black tobacco n = 16, and pipe smokers n = 3 . Immunoaffinity chromatography was used as a preparative step and synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy as the quantitation method. The concentration of 1 OHP gluc in urine from smokers mean SE: 1.04 0.13 pmol ml-1 urine was significantly higher than in urine from non smokers 0.55 0.05 pmol ml-1 urine by the Wilcoxon rank sum test non smokers versus all smokers, p = 0.001; vs black tobacco smokers, p = 0.001; vs blond tobacco smokers, p = 0.007 . Urinary 1 OHP gluc concentration among subjects who had consumed roasted, grilled or broiled meat within the past 24 h was elevated compared with those who had not p = 0.025 . Multiple linear regression showed significant associations of urinary 1 OHP gluc with number of cigarettes smoked p = 0.002 and consumption of roasted, grilled or broiled meat p = 0.028 . Systemic CYP1A2 activity estimated by caffeine metabolism was significantly correlated with urinary 1 OHP gluc concentration. However, this association was probably due to cigarette smoking, since adjusting for cigarette smoking by multiple linear regression made the association between urinary 1 OHP gluc and CYP1A2 phenotype non significant. These results further support the use of urinary 1 OHP gluc as a biomarker of recent pyrene exposure through inhalation or diet. 
This study examined the interaction of glutathione S-transferase (GSTM1) and N acetyltransferase (NAT2) genotypes and personal exposure to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) with biomarkers of exposure in a cohort of 51 non-smoking women from Bohemia, CZ. The biomarkers included urinary PAH metabolities and white blood cell DNA adducts. Personal PAH exposure was significantly correlated with urinary PAH metabolites for all individuals (r 0.36, p 0.01, n 46). After stratifying by genetic polymorphism the correlation between personal PAH exposure and urinary PAH metabolites increased for individuals with NAT2 slow acetylators (r 0.58, p 0.001, n 29) and the combination of GSTM1 null and NAT2 slow acetylators (r 0.60, p 0.01, n 16). DNA adduct levels were not significantly correlated with personal PAH exposure (r 0.16, p 0.32, n 51), unless restricted to individuals with the GSTM1 gene (r 0.59, p 0.005, n 21). Personal exposure data were essential for elucidating the possible effect of genotypes on the relationship between PAH exposure and these two classes of internal biomarkers. \[This abstract does not necessarily reflect EPA policy.]. 
Elucidation of estrogen carcinogenesis required a few fundamental discoveries made by studying the mechanism of carcinogenesis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). The two major mechanisms of metabolic activation of PAH involve formation of radical cations and diol epoxides as ultimate carcinogenic metabolites. These intermediates react with DNA to yield two types of adducts: stable adducts that remain in DNA unless removed by repair and depurinating adducts that are lost from DNA by cleavage of the glycosyl bond between the purine base and deoxyribose. The potent carcinogenic PAH benzo[a]pyrene, dibenzo[a,l]pyrene, 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene and 3-methylcholanthrene predominantly form depurinating DNA adducts, leaving apurinic sites in the DNA that generate cancer-initiating mutations. This was discovered by correlation between the depurinating adducts formed in mouse skin by treatment with benzo[a]pyrene, dibenzo[a,l]pyrene or 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene and the site of mutations in the Harvey-ras oncogene in mouse skin papillomas initiated by one of these PAH. By applying some of these fundamental discoveries in PAH studies to estrogen carcinogenesis, the natural estrogens estrone (E1) and estradiol (E2) were found to be mutagenic and carcinogenic through formation of the depurinating estrogen-DNA adducts 4-OHE1(E2)-1-N3Ade and 4-OHE1(E2)-1-N7Gua. These adducts are generated by reaction of catechol estrogen quinones with DNA, analogously to the DNA adducts obtained from the catechol quinones of benzene, naphthalene, and the synthetic estrogens diethylstilbestrol and hexestrol. This is a weak mechanism of cancer initiation. Normally, estrogen metabolism is balanced and few estrogen-DNA adducts are formed. When estrogen metabolism becomes unbalanced, more catechol estrogen quinones are generated, resulting in higher levels of estrogen-DNA adducts, which can be used as biomarkers of unbalanced estrogen metabolism and, thus, cancer risk. The ratio of estrogen-DNA adducts to estrogen metabolites and conjugates has repeatedly been found to be significantly higher in women at high risk for breast cancer, compared to women at normal risk. These results indicate that formation of estrogen-DNA adducts is a critical factor in the etiology of breast cancer. Significantly higher adduct ratios have been observed in women with breast, thyroid or ovarian cancer. In the women with ovarian cancer, single nucleotide polymorphisms in the genes for two enzymes involved in estrogen metabolism indicate risk for ovarian cancer. When polymorphisms produce high activity cytochrome P450 1B1, an activating enzyme, and low activity catechol-O-methyltransferase, a protective enzyme, in the same woman, she is almost six times more likely to have ovarian cancer. These results indicate that formation of estrogen-DNA adducts is a critical factor in the etiology of ovarian cancer. Significantly higher ratios of estrogen-DNA adducts to estrogen metabolites and conjugates have also been observed in men with prostate cancer or non-Hodgkin lymphoma, compared to healthy men without cancer. These results also support a critical role of estrogen-DNA adducts in the initiation of cancer. Starting from the perspective that unbalanced estrogen metabolism can lead to increased formation of catechol estrogen quinones, their reaction with DNA to form adducts, and generation of cancer-initiating mutations, inhibition of estrogen-DNA adduct formation would be an effective approach to preventing a variety of human cancers. The dietary supplements resveratrol and N-acetylcysteine can act as preventing cancer agents by keeping estrogen metabolism balanced. These two compounds can reduce the formation of catechol estrogen quinones and/or their reaction with DNA. Therefore, resveratrol and N-acetylcysteine provide a widely applicable, inexpensive approach to preventing many of the prevalent types of human cancer. 
The use of fast-atom bombardment ionization-tandem mass spectrometry approaches, with collision energies on the order of 30-50 eV, was developed for the analysis of low picomole quantities of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon dihydrodiol-epoxide deoxynucleoside adducts. This strategy combines three experimental techniques: (1) product ion scans, (2) constant neutral loss scans, and (3) precursor ion scans. Product ion scans of the protonated molecule or the BH 2 (+) ion that results from loss of the deoxyribose were dominated by fragments associated with cleavage of the sigma bond between the dihydrodiol-epoxide moiety and the nucleobase. Constant neutral loss scans were based upon the loss of deoxyribose (116 u) or the combined loss of the deoxynucleoside, water, and carbon monoxide (313 u); precursor ion scans utilized the latter fragment. The formation of trimethylsilyl derivatives increased the sensitivity of analysis, which allowed the simultaneous detection of DNA adducts in a mixture. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) diolepoxides are known to covalently modify serum albumin and hemoglobin. Mass spectrometric techniques have proven quite useful in the characterization of the site of adduction on these proteins. To facilitate the study of PAH diolepoxide adducted peptides, model peptide adducts of benzo[a]pyrene-trans-7,8-dihydrodiol-epoxide [anti-BaP(9,10)DE] and benzo[a]anthracene-trans-8,9-dihydrodiol-10,11-epoxide [anti-BaA(10,11)DE] have been synthesized for the purpose of studying their high energy collision-induced dissociation tandem mass spectra. These spectra are dominated by ions produced from cleavage of the peptide-adduct bond with charge retention by the adducting moiety. Such ions allow for the facile identification of adducted peptides in a mixture by use of neutral loss scans. The peptide sequence can still be deduced from the data in most cases, and the site of adduction can be determined. For those peptide-adducts in which this is not possible, a charged derivative placed at the N-terminus simplifies the peptide fragmentation pattern and makes the spectrum more interpretable. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), such as benzo[
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are a large group of organic compounds with two or more fused aromatic rings. They have a relatively low solubility in water, but are highly lipophilic. Most of the PAHs with low vapour pressure in the air are adsorbed on particles. When dissolved in water or adsorbed on particulate matter, PAHs can undergo photodecomposition when exposed to ultraviolet light from solar radiation. In the atmosphere, PAHs can react with pollutants such as ozone, nitrogen oxides and sulfur dioxide, yielding diones, nitro- and dinitro-PAHs, and sulfonic acids, respectively. PAHs may also be degraded by some microorganisms in the soil. PAHs are widespread environmental contaminants resulting from incomplete combustion of organic materials. The occurrence is largely a result of anthropogenic emissions such as fossil fuel-burning, motor vehicle, waste incinerator, oil refining, coke and asphalt production, and aluminum production, etc. PAHs have received increased attention in recent years in air pollution studies because some of these compounds are highly carcinogenic or mutagenic. Eight PAHs (Car-PAHs) typically considered as possible carcinogens are: benzo(a)anthracene, chrysene, benzo(b)fluoranthene, benzo(k)fluoranthene, benzo(a)pyrene (B(a)P), dibenzo(a,h)anthracene, indeno(1,2,3-cd)pyrene and benzo(g,h,i)perylene. In particular, benzo(a)pyrene has been identified as being highly carcinogenic. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has promulgated 16 unsubstituted PAHs (EPA-PAH) as priority pollutants. Thus, exposure assessments of PAHs in the developing world are important. The scope of this review will be to give an overview of PAH concentrations in various environmental samples and to discuss the advantages and limitations of applying these parameters in the assessment of environmental risks in ecosystems and human health. As it well known, there is an increasing trend to use the behavior of pollutants (i.e. bioaccumulation) as well as pollution-induced biological and biochemical effects on human organisms to evaluate or predict the impact of chemicals on ecosystems. Emphasis in this review will, therefore, be placed on the use of bioaccumulation and biomarker responses in air, soil, water and food, as monitoring tools for the assessment of the risks and hazards of PAH concentrations for the ecosystem, as well as on its limitations.
