Levels of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in mothers' milk collected in Osaka Prefecture from 1969 to 1976.
Effects of a polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) on sleeping times, plasma corticosteroids, and testicular activity of white-footed mice.
Polychlorinated biphenyl residues in maternal and cord blood in Tokyo metropolitan area.
Acute, subacute, and residual effects of polychlorinated biphenyl (pcb) in rats. II. Pathology and electron microscopy of liver and serum enzyme study.
Lead and PCB's in canvasback ducks: relationship between enzyme levels and residues in blood.
Effect of prototypic polychlorinated biphenyls on hepatic and renal vitamin contents and on drug-metabolizing enzymes in rats fed diets containing low or high levels of retinyl palmitate.
Changes in PCB serum concentrations among capacitor manufacturing workers.
Use of PCB blood levels to assess potential exposure following an electrical transformer explosion.
Cognitive development of Yu-Cheng ("oil disease") children prenatally exposed to heat-degraded PCBs.
Historical changes in serum PCB and DDT levels in an environmentally-exposed cohort.
Cytogenetic analysis of peripheral blood lymphocytes in workers occupationally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
A methylsulphonyl metabolite of a polychlorinated biphenyl can serve as a ligand for alpha 2mu-globulin in rat and major-urinary-protein in mice.
Time course reversibility of liver and blood changes induced in weanling rats after polychlorinated biphenyl exposure during lactation.
Determination of Mirex in human blood serum containing polychlorinated biphenyls by using packed column gas chromatography.
Polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in blood of Wisconsin sport fish consumers.
Assessment of exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls: analysis of selected isomers in blood and adipose tissue.
Alteration of serum lipoprotein metabolism by polychlorinated biphenyls and methionine in rats fed a soybean protein diet.
Accidental exposure of children to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Human exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls in Greater New Bedford, Massachusetts: a prevalence study.
Problems associated with interferences in the analysis of serum for polychlorinated biphenyls.
Evidence of an unusual pattern of polychlorinated biphenyls in the serum of some residents and canines in Paoli, Pennsylvania.
Estimating serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels in highly exposed workers: an empirical model.
Use of reference pools to compare the qualitative and quantitative determination of polychlorinated biphenyls by packed and capillary gas chromatography with electron capture detection. Part 1. Serum.
Transport and cellular uptake of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)--I. Association of individual PCB isomers and congeners with plasma lipoproteins and proteins in the pigeon.
Distribution of toxaphene, DDT, and PCB among lipoprotein fractions in rat and human plasma.
Potential compounds for monitoring method performance in the determination of selected organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum.
Polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in adipose tissue lipid and serum of past and present transformer repair workers and a comparison group.
PCB and other organochlorine compounds in blood of women with or without miscarriage: a hypothesis of correlation.
Gas chromatographic determination of polychlorinated biphenyls (as Aroclor 1254) in serum: collaborative study.
Determinants of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), polybrominated biphenyls (PBBs), and dichlorodiphenyl trichloroethane (DDT) levels in the sera of young children.
Plasma concentrations of 15-keto-13,14-dihydro-PGF-2 alpha, oestrone sulphate, oestradiol-17 beta and progesterone in pregnant guinea-pigs treated with polychlorinated biphenyls.
Effects of polychlorinated biphenyls and lipemia on serum analytes.
Gas chromatographic and mass spectrometric analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls in human placenta and cord blood.
Effects of dietary methionine, cystine and potassium sulfate on serum cholesterol and urinary ascorbic acid in rats fed PCB.
A pilot study of serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels in persons at high risk of exposure in residential and occupational environments.
Assessment of clinical, metabolic, dietary, and occupational correlations with serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels among employees at an electrical capacitor manufacturing plant.
A theoretical study of the binding of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), dibenzodioxins, and dibenzofuran to human plasma prealbumin.
Influence of serum cholesterol and albumin on partitioning of PCB congeners between human serum and adipose tissue.
Evaluation of potential health effects associated with serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels.
Urinary levels of estrone sulfate and 11-ketotetranor prostaglandin F metabolite in pregnant guinea pigs given Clophen A50 (polychlorinated biphenyls).
Pilot survey of urinary porphyrins from persons transiently exposed to a PCB transformer fire.
Effect of dietary ascorbic acid, cholesterol and PCB on cholesterol concentrations in serum and liver in a rat mutant unable to synthesize ascorbic acid.
Canine serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs): a pilot study to evaluate the use of animal sentinels in environmental health.
Do residue levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in human blood produce mild hypothyroidism?
Serum screening for oncogene proteins in workers exposed to PCBs.
Association of blood pressure and PCB level in yusho patients.
PCB and PCDF congeners in the blood and tissues of yusho and yu-cheng patients.
Polychlorinated biphenyls, dibenzofurans and quaterphenyls in toxic rice-bran oil and in the blood and tissues of patients with PCB poisoning (Yu-Cheng) in Taiwan.
PCBs, PCQs and PCDFs in blood of yusho and yu-cheng patients.
Health status and PCBs in blood of workers exposed to PCBs and of their children.
Polychlorinated biphenyl uptake and transport by lymph and plasma components.
Comparability and precision of serum PCB measurements.
Polychlorinated biphenyl poisoning: correlation of sensory and motor nerve conduction, neurologic symptoms, and blood levels of polychlorinated biphenyls, quaterphenyls, and dibenzofurans.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in the blood of personnel from an electric utility.
Oral dosing of rats with polychlorinated biphenyls increases urinary homovanillic acid production.
Polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations in the blood plasma of a selected sample of non-occupationally exposed southern California working adults.
The combined effect of DDT and polychlorinated biphenyls on the blood and heart rate of the white leghorn cockerel (Gallus domesticus).
Temperature-programmed gas chromatographic determination of polychlorinated and polybrominated biphenyls in serum.
Effects of polychlorinated biphenyls on the development of intestinal and serum marker enzymes.
Lake Michigan fish consumption as a source of polychlorinated biphenyls in human cord serum, maternal serum, and milk.
Gas-liquid chromatographic determination of polychlorinated biphenyls and a selected number of chlorinated hydrocarbons in serum.
Assessment of methods to determine PCB levels in blood serum: interlaboratory study.
Ocular manifestation of polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) intoxication. Its relationship to PCB blood concentration.
Serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and some organochlorine insecticides in women with recent and former missed abortions.
Evaluation of potential analytical approach for determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in serum: interlaboratory study.
Arsenic metabolites in urine and feces of hamsters pretreated with PCB.
Effect of dietary level of protein on liver microsomal drug-metabolizing enzymes, urinary ascorbic acid and lipid metabolism in rats fed PCB-containing diets.
Effect of dietary quality of protein on liver microsomal mixed function oxidase system, plasma cholesterol and urinary ascorbic acid in rats fed PCB.
Occupational exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls in electrical workers. I. Environmental and blood polychlorinated biphenyls concentrations.
Association of blood pressure and polychlorinated biphenyl levels.
Effect of dietary level of ascorbic acid on the growth, hepatic lipid peroxidation, and serum lipids in guinea pigs fed polychlorinated biphenyls.
Dietary selenium and levels of L-ascorbic acid in the plasma, livers, and lungs of polychlorinated biphenyls-treated rats.
Radioimmunoassay of PCBs in milk and blood.
Effect of dietary level of sulfur-containing amino acids on liver drug-metabolizing enzymes, serum cholesterol and urinary ascorbic acid in rats fed PCB.
Comparative rates of elimination of some individual polychlorinated biphenyls from the blood of PCB-poisoned patients in Taiwan.
Immunologic effects of background prenatal and postnatal exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls in Dutch infants.
Subchronic dietary exposure to Aroclor 1254 in rats: accumulation of PCBs in liver, blood, and adipose tissue and its relationship to induction of various hepatic drug-metabolizing enzymes.
Synthesis and characterization of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) identified in human serum.
Liquid-gel partitioning using Lipidex in the determination of polychlorinated biphenyls, naphthalenes, dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in blood plasma.
Toxicity of PCB 77 (3,3',4,4'-tetrachlorobiphenyl) and PCB 118 (2,3',4,4'5-pentachlorobiphenyl) in the rat following subchronic dietary exposure.
Perinatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins and its effect on neonatal neurological development.
Effects of gestational and lactational exposure to coplanar polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners or 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) on thyroid hormone concentrations in weanling rats.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in biotic matrices using gas chromatography--microwave-induced plasma atomic emission spectrometry.
Congener specific analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in serum using GC/MSD.
Determinants of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in the sera of mothers and children from Michigan farms with PCB-contaminated silos.
Polychlorinated biphenyls, 1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethane (p,p'-DDT) and 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)-ethylene (p,p'-DDE) in human plasma related to fish consumption.
PCB metabolism, persistence, and health effects after occupational exposure: implications for risk assessment.
Levels of PCBs and some organochlorine pesticides in the human population of selected areas of the Slovak Republic. I. Blood.
Dioxin and PCB levels in blood and human milk in relation to living areas in The Netherlands.
Fetal, neonatal, and long-term alterations in hepatic retinoid levels following maternal polychlorinated biphenyl exposure in rats.
Blood serum levels of PCDFs and PCBs in Yu-Cheng children peri-natally exposed to a toxic rice oil.
Abnormally high polychlorinated biphenyl levels in striped dolphins (Stenella coeruleoalba) affected by the 1990-1992 Mediterranean epizootic.
Comparison of DNA adduct levels in human placenta from polychlorinated biphenyl exposed women and smokers in which CYP 1A1 levels are similarly elevated.
Exposure to mixtures and congeners of polychlorinated biphenyls.
Association between blood polychlorinated biphenyl concentration and serum triglyceride level in chronic "Yusho" (polychlorinated biphenyl poisoning) patients.
Polychlorinated biphenyl levels in the tissues of exposed and nonexposed humans.
Long-term effects of Aroclor 1254 (PCBs) on plasma lipid and carnitine concentrations in rhesus monkey.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyl levels in the serum of residents and in the homogenates of seafood from the New Bedford, Massachusetts, area: a comparison of exposure sources through pattern recognition techniques.
Musculoskeletal changes in children prenatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and related compounds (Yu-Cheng children).
Polychlorinated biphenyl exposure and human disease.
Environmental exposure and lifestyle predictors of lead, cadmium, PCB, and DDT levels in Great Lakes fish eaters.
Elimination of polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) from human blood in the Yusho and Yu-Cheng rice oil poisonings.
Effects of perinatal exposure to specific PCB congeners on thyroid hormone concentrations and thyroid histology in the rat.
Perinatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins through dietary intake.
The role of DDE and polychlorinated biphenyl levels in preterm birth.
Selective retention of hydroxylated PCB metabolites in blood.
Occupational and environmental lead and PCB exposure at a scrap metal dealer.
Alterations in rat brain thyroid hormone status following pre- and postnatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (Aroclor 1254).
Effects of polychlorinated biphenyl/dioxin exposure and feeding type on infants' mental and psychomotor development.
Intellectual impairment in children exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls in utero.
Uncertainty in estimated half-lives of PCBS in humans: impact on exposure assessment.
Relation of a seafood diet to mercury, selenium, arsenic, and polychlorinated biphenyl and other organochlorine concentrations in human milk.
PCDDs, PCDFs, and PCBs in human blood in relation to consumption of crabs from a contaminated Fjord area in Norway.
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) and dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethylene (DDE) exposure among Native American men from contaminated Great Lakes fish and wildlife.
Dose-response in perinatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs): the Michigan and North Carolina cohort studies.
Neurological condition in 18-month-old children perinatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins.
First data on background levels of non-ortho and mono-ortho PCBs in blood of residents from southern Germany.
Development of a method for the analysis of PCB congeners and organochlorine pesticides in blood/serum.
Detection of PCB adducts by the 32P-postlabeling technique.
An improved analysis for chlorinated pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in human and bovine sera using solid-phase extraction.
Antiestrogenic activity of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyl congeners identified in human serum.
Monitoring of polychlorinated biphenyls in human blood plasma: methodological developments and influence of age, lactation, and fish consumption.
PCBs and dioxin-like compounds in plasma of adult Inuit living in Nunavik (Arctic Quebec).
Using structural information to create physiologically based pharmacokinetic models for all polychlorinated biphenyls.
Hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyl metabolites are anti-estrogenic in a stably transfected human breast adenocarcinoma (MCF7) cell line.
Assessment of environmental pollution by PCBs, DDT and its metabolites using human milk of mothers in Zimbabwe.
Concentrations of blood and hair mercury and serum PCBs in an Ojibwa population that consumes Great Lakes region fish.
Decreased blood level of beta 2-microglobulin in the employees of a factory which produced polychlorinated biphenyls.
Middle-ear disease in children exposed prenatally to polychlorinated biphenyls and polychlorinated dibenzofurans.
Blood serum levels of PCBs and PCDFs in Yucheng women 14 years after exposure to a toxic rice oil.
Coplanar PCBs and the relative contribution of coplanar PCBs, PCDDs, and PCDFs to the total 2,3,7,8-TCDD toxicity equivalents in human serum.
Reproductive and thyroid hormone levels in rats following 90-day dietary exposure to PCB 28 (2,4,4'-trichlorobiphenyl) or PCB 77 (3,3'4,4'-tetrachlorobiphenyl).
Effects of postnatal exposure to a PCB mixture in monkeys on nonspatial discrimination reversal and delayed alternation performance.
Histology of ovaries and uteri and levels of plasma progesterone, oestradiol-17beta and oestrone sulphate during the implantation period in mated and gonadotrophin-releasing hormone-treated mink (Mustela vison) exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Comparison of organochlorine pesticide and polychlorinated biphenyl residues in human breast adipose tissue and serum.
Correlations among human blood levels of specific PCB congeners and implications for epidemiologic studies.
Induction of germline-length mutations at the minisatellites PC-1 and PC-2 in male mice exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and diesel exhaust emissions.
The impact of age, lactation and dietary habits on PCB in plasma in Swedish women.
Standardization of a method for the routine analysis of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners and selected pesticides in human serum and milk.
Cancer mortality among electric utility workers exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Interrenal stress responsiveness of tilapia (Oreochromis mossambicus) is impaired by dietary exposure to PCB 126.
Blood levels of polychlorinated dibenzodioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans and polychlorinated biphenyls in the general population of a Spanish Mediterranean city.
Absence of DNA adduct formation by phenobarbital, polychlorinated biphenyls, and chlordane in mouse liver using the 32P-postlabeling assay.
Two cases of ras mutation associated with liver hyperplasia in dragonets (Callionymus lyra) exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in blood plasma among Swedish female fish consumers in relation to low birth weight.
Neurological condition in 42-month-old children in relation to pre- and postnatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins.
Quantitative analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls, organochlorine insecticides, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, polychlorinated hydrocarbons and polynitrohydrocarbons in spiked samples of soil, water and plasma by selected-ion monitoring gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Consumption of fatty fish from the Baltic Sea and PCB in whole venous blood, plasma and cord blood from delivering women in the Aland/Turku archipelago.
Reproductive toxicity and tissue concentrations of 3,3',4,4'-tetrachlorobiphenyl (PCB 77) in male adult rats.
Organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human milk of mothers living in northern Germany: current extent of contamination, time trend from 1986 to 1997 and factors that influence the levels of contamination.
Determinants of polychlorinated biphenyl levels in plasma from 42-month-old children.
Expression of the insulin-like growth factor II gene in polychlorinated biphenyl exposed female mink (Mustela vison) and their fetuses.
Organochlorine compounds (DDE and PCB) in plasma and breast cyst fluid of women with benign breast disease.
High breast milk levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) among four women living adjacent to a PCB-contaminated waste site.
GC/MS analysis of PCB congeners in blood of the harbor seal Phoca vitulina from San Francisco Bay.
Effects of postnatal exposure of monkeys to a PCB mixture on spatial discrimination reversal and DRL performance.
Lack of suppressive effects of mixtures containing low levels of methylmercury (MeHg), polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDS), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFS), and aroclor biphenyls (PCBS) on mixed lymphocyte reaction, phagocytic, and natural killer cell activities of rat leukocytes in vitro.
Reduction of thyroid hormone levels by methylsulfonyl metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in rats.
Effects of environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins on birth size and growth in Dutch children.
Time course of PCDD/PCDF/PCB concentrations in breast-feeding mothers and their infants.
Concentrations of PCBs, PCDFs and PCDDs in the blood of Yusho patients and their toxic equivalent contribution.
Decrease in levels and body burden of dioxins, dibenzofurans, PCBS, DDE, and HCB in blood and milk in a mother nursing twins over a thirty-eight month period.
Partitioning of dioxins, dibenzofurans, and coplanar PCBS in blood, milk, adipose tissue, placenta and cord blood from five American women.
Hydroxylation and methylthiolation of mono-ortho-substituted polychlorinated biphenyls in rats: identification of metabolites with tissue affinity.
Congener-specific distribution of polychlorinated biphenyls in brain regions, blood, liver, and fat of adult rats following repeated exposure to Aroclor 1254.
Effects of environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins on cognitive abilities in Dutch children at 42 months of age.
Effects of postnatal exposure of monkeys to a PCB mixture on concurrent random interval-random interval and progressive ratio performance.
Effect of exposure to 3,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl (PCB 126) throughout gestation and lactation on development and spatial delayed alternation performance in rats.
Analysis of a mixture of polychlorinated biphenyls and chlorinated pesticides in human serum by column fractionation and dual-column capillary gas chromatography with electron capture detection.
Yolk PCB and plasma retinol concentrations in shag (Phalacrocorax aristotelis) hatchlings.
Induction of hepatic cytochromes P450 in dogs exposed to a chronic low dose of polychlorinated biphenyls.
Body burden levels of dioxin, furans, and PCBs among frequent consumers of Great Lakes sport fish. The Great Lakes Consortium.
Serum PCB and DDE levels of frequent Great Lakes sport fish consumers-a first look. The Great Lakes Consortium.
Assessment of prenatal exposure to PCBs from maternal consumption of Great Lakes fish: an analysis of PCB pattern and concentration.
Local fish consumption and serum PCB concentrations among Mohawk men at Akwesasne.
Behavioral impairment produced by low-level postnatal PCB exposure in monkeys.
Blood PCB, p,p'-DDE, and mirex levels in Great Lakes fish and waterfowl consumers in two Ontario communities.
Comparison of PCB congeners and pesticide levels between serum and milk from lactating women.
Effects of acute exposure to PCBs 126 and 153 on anterior pituitary and thyroid hormones and FSH isoforms in adult Sprague Dawley male rats.
Serum organochlorine pesticides and PCBs and breast cancer risk: results from a prospective analysis (USA).
Developmental exposure of rats to a reconstituted PCB mixture or aroclor 1254: effects on organ weights, aromatase activity, sex hormone levels, and sweet preference behavior.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in human blood serum by SPME.
Distribution of PCB congeners, DDE, hexachlorobenzene, and methylsulfonyl metabolites of PCB and DDE among various fractions of human blood plasma.
Influence of maternal age and duration of pregnancy on serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls and hexachlorobenzene in full-term neonates.
Methods for the analysis of PCBs in human food, faeces and serum.
Exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and levels of thyroid hormones in children.
Effects of exposure to 3,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl (PCB 126) throughout gestation and lactation on behavior (concurrent random interval-random interval and progressive ratio performance) in rats.
The relation between levels of selected PCB congeners in human serum and follicular fluid.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in human blood by solid-phase extraction including on-column lipid decomposition.
Catechol metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls inhibit the catechol-O-methyltransferase-mediated metabolism of catechol estrogens.
Prenatal PCB exposure and neonatal behavioral assessment scale (NBAS) performance.
PCB congener profile in the serum of humans consuming Great Lakes fish.
Breast adipose tissue concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls and other organochlorines and breast cancer risk.
Risk of female breast cancer associated with serum polychlorinated biphenyls and 1,1-dichloro-2,2'-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene.
The induction of hepatic microsomal UDP-glucuronosyltransferase by the methylsulfonyl metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in rats.
Use of a combined human liver microsome-estrogen receptor binding assay to assess potential estrogen modulating activity of PCB metabolites.
PCB-blood levels in teachers, working in PCB-contaminated schools.
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure in relation to thyroid hormone levels in neonates.
Parental smoking and neonatal serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and hexachlorobenzene.
Comparison of chemical-activated luciferase gene expression bioassay and gas chromatography for PCB determination in human serum and follicular fluid.
Analysis of hydroxylated metabolites of PCBs (OH-PCBs) and other chlorinated phenolic compounds in whole blood from Canadian inuit.
Correlations among human plasma levels of dioxin-like compounds and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and implications for epidemiologic studies.
PCB exposure in utero and via breast milk. A review.
Health risks to infants from exposure to PCBs, PCDDs and PCDFs.
PCBs, thyroid hormones, and ototoxicity in rats: cross-fostering experiments demonstrate the impact of postnatal lactation exposure.
Quantitative determination of endocrine- disrupting polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorinated pesticides in human serum using gas chromatography with electron-capture detection and tandem mass spectrometry.
Routine analysis of 101 polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in human serum by parallel dual-column gas chromatography with electron capture detection.
Reduced levels of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D(3) in rat dams and offspring after exposure to a reconstituted PCB mixture.
Induction of DNA adducts by several polychlorinated biphenyls.
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dioxins. Consequences for longterm neurological and cognitive development of the child lactation.
Breast cancer risk in relation to adipose concentrations of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in Long Island, New York.
Immunologic effects of background exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins in Dutch preschool children.
Serum levels of TCDD and dioxin-like chemicals in Rhesus monkeys chronically exposed to dioxin: correlation of increased serum PCB levels with endometriosis.
Measurement of PCBs, DDE, and hexachlorobenzene in cord blood from infants born in towns adjacent to a PCB-contaminated waste site.
Utilization of umbilical cords to assess in utero exposure to persistent pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls.
Plasma leptin and thyroxine of mink (Mustela vison) vary with gender, diet and subchronic exposure to PCBs.
Concentrations and frequencies of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in a Native American population that consumes Great Lakes fish.
Effects of PCB 126 on thymocyte surface marker expression and immune organ development in chicken embryos.
Effects of exposure of lactating female rats to polychlorinated biphenyls (Pcbs) on testis weight, sperm production and sertoli cell numbers in the adult male offspring.
Prenatal exposure to PCBs and infant performance on the fagan test of infant intelligence.
Antibody-mediated immunotoxicity in American kestrels (Falco sparverius) exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Associations of blood levels of PCB, HCHS, and HCB with numbers of lymphocyte subpopulations, in vitro lymphocyte response, plasma cytokine levels, and immunoglobulin autoantibodies.
Effect of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls on cognitive development in children: a longitudinal study in Taiwan.
Time trends in sport-caught Great Lakes fish consumption and serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels among Michigan Anglers, 1973-1993.
Background levels of non-ortho-substituted (coplanar) polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum of Missouri residents.
Polychlorinated biphenyl serum levels in pregnant subjects with diabetes.
PCB concentrations and metabolism patterns in common terns (Sterna hirundo) from different breeding colonies in The Netherlands.
Levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in fish: the influence on local decision making about fish consumption.
Changes in serum PBB and PCB levels over time among women of varying ages at exposure.
Impairments of memory and learning in older adults exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls via consumption of Great Lakes fish.
PCBs, TEQs and plasma retinol in grey heron (Ardea cinerea) hatchlings from two rookeries in Norway.
Further studies of blood levels of some tumor markers in the area polluted by polychlorinated biphenyls and control population.
Effects of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) on thyroid hormone and vitamin A levels in rats and mice.
Neurobehavioral deficits associated with PCB in 7-year-old children prenatally exposed to seafood neurotoxicants.
Effects of pre- and postnatal polychlorinated biphenyl exposure on metabolic rate and thyroid hormones of white-footed mice.
Comparison of CALUX-TEQ values with PCB and PCDD/F measurements in human serum of the Flanders Environmental and Health Study (FLEHS).
Perinatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls Aroclor 1016 or 1254 did not alter brain catecholamines nor delayed alternation performance in Long-Evans rats.
The risk of endometriosis and exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls: a case-control study of infertile women.
Determinants of polychlorinated biphenyls and methylmercury exposure in inuit women of childbearing age.
Synthesis of hydroxylated PCB metabolites with the Suzuki-coupling.
Identification of hydroxylated PCB metabolites and other phenolic halogenated pollutants in human blood plasma.
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and quality of the home environment: effects on psychodevelopment in early childhood.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in blood plasma among Swedish female fish consumers in relation to time to pregnancy.
Residue levels of DDE and PCBs in the blood serum of women in the Port Said region of Egypt.
The effects of PCB exposure and fish consumption on endogenous hormones.
Parental concentration of dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethene and polychlorinated biphenyls in Michigan fish eaters and sex ratio in offspring.
Effects of maternal exposure to a reconstituted mixture of polychlorinated biphenyls on sex-dependent behaviors and steroid hormone concentrations in rats: dose-response relationship.
Childhood growth and exposure to dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethene and polychlorinated biphenyls.
Effects of prenatal PCB and dioxin background exposure on cognitive and motor abilities in Dutch children at school age.
DNA adduction by polychlorinated biphenyls: adducts derived from hepatic microsomal activation and from synthetic metabolites.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in small-size serum samples by solid-phase extraction followed by gas chromatography with micro-electron-capture detection.
Spermaturia and serum hormone concentrations at the age of puberty in boys prenatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Plasma concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls and the risk of breast cancer: a congener-specific analysis.
Human blood and environmental media screening method for pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyl compounds using liquid extraction and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis.
Pentachlorophenol and hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyl metabolites in umbilical cord plasma of neonates from coastal populations in Québec.
Sulfhydryl binding and topoisomerase inhibition by PCB metabolites.
Circulating lysozyme and hepatic CYP1A activities during a chronic dietary exposure to tributyltin (TBT) and 3,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl (PCB-126) mixtures in channel catfish, Ictalurus punctatus.
Detailed study on the levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans and polychlorinated biphenyls in Yusho rice oil.
Determination of endocrine-disrupting pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum by GC-ECD and GC-MS-MS and evaluation of contributions to the uncertainty of the results.
Effects of gender, diet, exogenous melatonin and subchronic PCB exposure on plasma immunoglobulin G in mink.
Immunologic biomarkers in relation to exposure markers of PCBs and dioxins in Flemish adolescents (Belgium).
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and placental CYP1A1 activity in Inuit women from northern Québec.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides are eliminated from therapeutic Factor VIII and immunoglobulin concentrates and reduced in albumin by plasma fractionation.
Determinants of serum polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides measured in women from the child health and development study cohort, 1963-1967.
Comparative responsiveness of hypothyroxinemia and hepatic enzyme induction in Long-Evans rats versus C57BL/6J mice exposed to TCDD-like and phenobarbital-like polychlorinated biphenyl congeners.
Covalent binding of PCB metabolites to lipids: route of formation and characterization.
Analysis of pesticides and PCB congeners in serum by GC/MS with SPE sample cleanup.
Thyroid hormone suppression and cell-mediated immunomodulation in American kestrels (Falco sparverius) exposed to PCBs.
Hydroxylated PCB metabolites and PCBs in serum from pregnant Faroese women.
Persistent organochlorine pollutants in human serum of 50-65 years old women in the Flanders Environmental and Health Study (FLEHS). Part 2: Correlations among PCBs, PCDD/PCDFs and the use of predictive markers.
Effects of perinatal exposure to PCBs and dioxins on play behavior in Dutch children at school age.
A rapid screening method for routine congener-specific analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum by high-resolution gas chromatography with mass spectrometric detection.
Metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls in human liver and adipose tissue.
Evaluation of mitogen-induced responses in marine mammal and human lymphocytes by in-vitro exposure of butyltins and non-ortho coplanar PCBs.
Polychlorinated biphenyls alter extraneuronal but not tissue dopamine concentrations in adult rat striatum: an in vivo microdialysis study.
Human exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls in a residential community.
Tissue distribution and half-lives of individual polychlorinated biphenyls and serum levels of 4-hydroxy-2,3,3',4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl in the rat.
Distribution of PCBs and organochlorine pesticides in umbilical cord and maternal serum.
Comparison of polychlorinated biphenyl levels across studies of human neurodevelopment.
Comparison of dioxin and PCB concentrations in human breast milk samples from Hong Kong and the Netherlands.
Assessment of health effects in New York City firefighters after exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs): the Staten Island Transformer Fire Health Surveillance Project.
Associations between regional differences in polychlorinated biphenyls and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene in blood of nestling bald eagles and reproductive productivity.
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls among raccoons (Procyon lotor) at the paducah gaseous diffusion plant, Western Kentucky, USA.
Attenuated growth of breast-fed children exposed to increased concentrations of methylmercury and polychlorinated biphenyls.
Arachidonic acid status during pregnancy is associated with polychlorinated biphenyl exposure.
Prenatal exposure to low-level polychlorinated biphenyls in relation to mental and motor development at 8 months.
Cognitive development in preschool children prenatally exposed to PCBs and MeHg.
Effects of polychlorinated biphenyls, kanechlor-500, on serum thyroid hormone levels in rats and mice.
A mortality update of male and female capacitor workers exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Analysis of polychlorinated biphenyl residues in human plasma by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Assessing human polychlorinated biphenyl contamination for epidemiologic studies: lessons from patterns of congener concentrations in Canadians in 1992.
Fish intake, plasma omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins/polychlorinated dibenzo-furans and co-planar polychlorinated biphenyls in the blood of the Japanese population.
DNA adducts in cultures of polychlorinated biphenyl-treated human hepatocytes.
Decreased sex ratio following maternal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls from contaminated Great Lakes sport-caught fish: a retrospective cohort study.
A longitudinal examination of factors related to changes in serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels.
Effects of dietary PCB exposure on adrenocortical function in captive American kestrels (Falco sparverius).
Dietary predictors of concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls in breast adipose tissue of women living in Ontario, Canada.
Possible effects of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorinated pesticides on the thyroid after long-term exposure to heavy environmental pollution.
Binding of polychlorinated biphenyls/metabolites to hemoglobin.
Hydroxylated PCBs and other chlorinated phenolic compounds in lake trout (Salvelinus namaycush) blood plasma from the Great Lakes region.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in serum using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry with negative chemical ionization for exposure estimation.
Distribution of methyl sulfone metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls and p,p'-DDE in human tissues.
Human prenatal and postnatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated biphenyls, polychlorobiphenylols, and pentachlorophenol.
Assessment of pre- and postnatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls: lessons from the Inuit Cohort Study.
Negative relationship between PCBs and plasma retinol in low-contaminated free-ranging gray seal pups (Halichoerus grypus).
Determination of coplanar and non-coplanar polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum by gas chromatography with mass spectrometric detection: electron impact or electron-capture negative ionization?
Effects of postnatal exposure to mixtures of non-ortho-PCBs, PCDDs, and PCDFs in prepubertal female rats.
New high-resolution mass spectrometric approach for the measurement of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in human serum.
Relationship between PCBs in blood and D-glucaric acid in urine.
The relationship between human semen parameters and environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and p,p'-DDE.
Neonatal and childhood teeth in relation to perinatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans: observations of the Yucheng children in Taiwan.
Early developmental neurotoxicity of a PCB/organochlorine mixture in rodents after gestational and lactational exposure.
Prenatal PCB exposure, the corpus callosum, and response inhibition.
Dioxin, dibenzofuran, and coplanar PCB levels in Laotian blood and milk from agent orange-sprayed and nonsprayed areas, 2001.
Levels of PCDDs, PCDFs and Co-PCBs in human milk in Saitama, Japan, and epidemiological research.
Hydroxylated and methylsulfone-containing metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls in the plasma and blubber of bowhead whales (Balaena mysticetus).
Developmental toxicity of in ovo exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls: II. Effects of maternal or paternal exposure on second-generation nestling american kestrels.
Potential human cancer risks from exposure to PCBs: a tale of two evaluations.
Biochemical and toxicopathic biomarkers assessed in smallmouth bass recovered from a polychlorinated biphenyl-contaminated river.
Space-use strategy is an important determinant of PCB concentrations in female polar bears in the Barents Sea.
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and breast cancer: a systematic review of the epidemiological evidence.
Lack of an association between environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and p,p'-DDE and DNA damage in human sperm measured using the neutral comet assay.
Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and attention at school age.
Infant exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans and biphenyls (PCDD/Fs, PCBs)--correlation between prenatal and postnatal exposure.
Environmental exposure to PCBs and cancer incidence in eastern Slovakia.
Worker exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls in elastic polysulphide sealant renovation.
Application of liquid-phase microextraction and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry for the determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in blood plasma.
Potential exposure to PCBs, DDT, and PBDEs from sport-caught fish consumption in relation to breast cancer risk in Wisconsin.
Fish consumption and other environmental exposures and their associations with serum PCB concentrations among Mohawk women at Akwesasne.
Yucheng: health effects of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans.
Critical evaluation of a high-throughput analytical method for polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum: which detector for the establishment of the reference values?
Levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in serum samples of Egyptian Vulture (Neophron percnopterus) from Spain.
Levels of PCB 126 and PCB 153 in plasma and tissues in goats exposed during gestation and lactation.
Toxicity of hydroxylated and quinoid PCB metabolites: inhibition of gap junctional intercellular communication and activation of aryl hydrocarbon and estrogen receptors in hepatic and mammary cells.
High-throughput analysis of human serum for selected polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) by gas chromatography-isotope dilution time-of-flight mass spectrometry (GC-IDTOFMS).
Semiautomated high-throughput extraction and cleanup method for the measurement of polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polybrominated biphenyls, and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum.
Characterization and quantitative analysis of DNA adducts formed from lower chlorinated PCB-derived quinones.
Low hepatic 7-ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD) activity and minor alterations in retinoid and thyroid hormone levels in flounder (Platichthys flesus) exposed to the polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) mixture, Clophen A50.
Levels of selected individual polychlorinated biphenyls in different tissues of harbour seals (phoca vitulina) from the Southern coast of Norway.
Retrospective time-trend study of polybrominated diphenyl ether and polybrominated and polychlorinated biphenyl levels in human serum from the United States.
Adipose tissue levels of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls and risk of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Development of two novel CYP-antibodies and their use in a PCB exposure experiment with Mytilus edulis.
Effects of perinatal exposure to low doses of PCB 153 and PCB 126 on lymphocyte proliferation and hematology in goat kids.
Autoantibodies and levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in persons living near a hazardous waste treatment facility.
A possible mechanism for decrease in serum thyroxine level by polychlorinated biphenyls in Wistar and Gunn rats.
Pharmacokinetics of two major hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyl metabolites with specific retention in rat blood.
The relationship between levels of PCBs and pesticides in human hair and blood: preliminary result.
Fetal exposure to PCBs and their hydroxylated metabolites in a Dutch cohort.
In utero exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and sensorineural hearing loss in 8-year-old children.
Hydroxylated and methyl sulfone PCB metabolites in adipose and whole blood of polar bear (Ursus maritimus) from East Greenland.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in serum and time to pregnancy.
PCDD/F and non-ortho PCB concentrations in adipose tissue of individuals living in the vicinity of a hazardous waste incinerator.
Effects of gestational and lactational exposure to low doses of PCBs 126 and 153 on anterior pituitary and gonadal hormones and on puberty in female goats.
Analysis of HO-PCBs and PCP in blood plasma from individuals with high PCB exposure living on the Chukotka Peninsula in the Russian Arctic.
Specific non-coplanar PCB-mediated modulation of bottlenose dolphin and beluga whale phagocytosis upon in vitro exposure.
Concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls in blood and the risk for testicular cancer.
Evidence for increased internal exposure to lower chlorinated polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) in pupils attending a contaminated school.
Environmental PCB exposure and risk of endometriosis.
Measurement of selected polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polybrominated and polychlorinated biphenyls, and organochlorine pesticides in human serum and milk using comprehensive two-dimensional gas chromatography isotope dilution time-of-flight mass spectrometry.
Impact of FEBRA (fermented brown rice with Aspergillus oryzae) intake and concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs and PCBs in blood of humans from Japan.
Maternal exposure to Great Lakes sport-caught fish and dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethylene, but not polychlorinated biphenyls, is associated with reduced birth weight.
Effects of two prototypic polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) on lipid composition of rat liver and serum.
Antioxidant role of zinc in PCB (Aroclor 1254) exposed ventral prostate of albino rats.
Evaluation of four capillary columns for the analysis of organochlorine pesticides, polychlorinated biphenyls, and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human serum for epidemiologic studies.
Sorbent-assisted liquid-liquid extraction (Chem-Elut) of polychlorinated biphenyls, dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in the lipid fraction of human blood plasma.
Serum polychlorinated biphenyls, cytochrome P-450 1A1 polymorphisms, and risk of breast cancer in Connecticut women.
Concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans, and polychlorinated biphenyls in human blood samples from Korea.
PCBs and DDT in the serum of juvenile California sea lions: associations with vitamins A and E and thyroid hormones.
Metabolism of polychlorinated biphenyls by Gunn rats: identification and serum retention of catechol metabolites.
Comparative metabolism of polychlorinated biphenyls and tissue distribution of persistent metabolites in rats, hamsters, and Guinea pigs.
Hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls selectively bind transthyretin in blood and inhibit amyloidogenesis: rationalizing rodent PCB toxicity.
Biomonitoring of persistent organochlorine pesticides, PCDD/PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs in blood of children from South West Germany (Baden-Wuerttemberg) from 1993 to 2003.
Modeling vitellogenesis in female fish exposed to environmental stressors: predicting the effects of endocrine disturbance due to exposure to a PCB mixture and cadmium.
Exposure to PCBs and p,p'-DDE and human sperm chromatin integrity.
Congener-specific analysis of polychlorinated biphenyl in human blood from Japanese.
Serum antioxidant levels in Yusho victims over 30 years after the accidental poisoning of polychlorinated biphenyls in Nagasaki, Japan.
Hydroxylated metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls inhibit thyroid-hormone-dependent extension of cerebellar Purkinje cell dendrites.
Neuromotor functions in Inuit preschool children exposed to Pb, PCBs, and Hg.
PCB exposure and in vivo CYP1A2 activity among Native Americans.
Necessity to measure PCBs and organochlorine pesticide concentrations in human umbilical cords for fetal exposure assessment.
PCB contamination from polysulphide sealants in residential areas-exposure and risk assessment.
Serum concentrations and profiles of polychlorinated biphenyls in Taiwan Yu-cheng victims twenty years after the incident.
The endocrine and reproductive function of the female Yucheng adolescents prenatally exposed to PCBs/PCDFs.
Congener profiles of PCBs and PCDD/Fs in Yucheng victims fifteen years after exposure to toxic rice-bran oils and their implications for epidemiologic studies.
Comparison of the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans, and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in maternal and fetal blood, amniotic and allantoic fluids in cattle.
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure assessment by multivariate statistical analysis of serum congener profiles in an adult Native American population.
Serum PCB profiles in Native Americans from Wisconsin based on region, diet, age, and gender: Implications for epidemiology studies.
Effects of 2,2'4,4'5,5'-hexachlorobiphenyl (PCB 153) on plasma sex steroids and vitellogenin in rockfish (Sebastes schlegeli).
In utero exposure to background levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and cognitive functioning among school-age children.
Determination of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (HO-PCBs) in blood plasma by high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization-tandem quadrupole mass spectrometry.
Relationship of serum levels of individual PCB, dioxin, and furan congeners and DDE with Great Lakes sport-caught fish consumption.
Time- and tissue-dependent polychlorinated biphenyl residues in hairless mice after exposure to polychlorinated biphenyl-contaminated soil.
Physiologically based modeling of the accumulation in plasma and tissue lipids of a mixture of PCB congeners in female Sprague-Dawley rats.
Effects of postnatal exposure to a mixture of polychlorinated biphenyls, p,p'-dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane, and p-p'-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethene in prepubertal and adult female Sprague-Dawley rats.
Hydroxylated PCB metabolites in nonhatched fulmar eggs from the Faroe Islands.
Environmental and human impact of an old-timer incinerator in terms of dioxin and PCB level: a case study.
Assessment of human exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in Japan using archived samples from the early 1980s and mid-1990s.
Serum hormones in boys prenatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans.
Maternal serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene (DDE) and time to pregnancy.
Simple solid-phase extraction method for determination of polychlorinated biphenyls and selected organochlorine pesticides in human serum.
Exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and risk of neural-tube defects in a Mexican American population.
Maternal levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in relation to preterm and small-for-gestational-age birth.
In utero polychlorinated biphenyl exposures in relation to fetal and early childhood growth.
Serum polychlorinated biphenyl and organochlorine insecticide concentrations in a Faroese birth cohort.
Assessment of reference values for polychlorinated biphenyl concentration in human blood.
Effect of socioeconomic status on exposures to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (DDE) among pregnant African-American women.
Impact of polychlorinated biphenyls contamination on estrogenic activity in human male serum.
Effects of infection with Anguillicola crassus and simultaneous exposure with Cd and 3,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl (PCB 126) on the levels of cortisol and glucose in European eel ( Anguilla anguilla ).
Exposure to PCB and p, p'-DDE in European and Inuit populations: impact on human sperm chromatin integrity.
Reference values of coplanar and non-coplanar PCBs in serum samples from two Italian population groups.
Distribution of PCDDs/PCDFs and Co-PCBs in human maternal blood, cord blood, placenta, milk, and adipose tissue: dioxins showing high toxic equivalency factor accumulate in the placenta.
In utero exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls and its relations to thyroid function and growth hormone in newborns.
Perinatal exposure to low doses of PCB 153 and PCB 126 affects maternal and neonatal immunity in goat kids.
Purkinje cell and cerebellar effects following developmental exposure to PCBs and/or MeHg.
Dioxin-like and non-dioxin-like PCBs in human serum of Slovak population.
A simple and fast extraction method for organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in small volumes of avian serum.
Identification of markers for PCB exposure in plasma from Swedish construction workers removing old elastic sealants.
Exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls in residents near a chemical factory in Italy: the food chain as main source of contamination.
Gene expression and estrogen sensitivity in rat uterus after developmental exposure to the polybrominated diphenylether PBDE 99 and PCB.
Intra-individual variations and time trends 1991-2001 in human serum levels of PCB, DDE and hexachlorobenzene.
Concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlonnated biphenyls, and polychlorobiphenylols in serum from pregnant Faroese women and their children 7 years later.
Serum PCBs and organochlorine pesticides in Slovakia: age, gender, and residence as determinants of organochlorine concentrations.
Polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations, congener profiles, and ratios in the fat tissue, eggs, and plasma of snapping turtles (Chelydra s. serpentina) from the Ohio Basin of Lake Erie, USA.
Alterations of visual evoked potentials in preschool Inuit children exposed to methylmercury and polychlorinated biphenyls from a marine diet.
Distribution of polychlorinated biphenyls, organochlorine pesticides and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human umbilical cord serum, maternal serum and milk from Wielkopolska region, Poland.
Effects of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins on mental and motor development in Japanese children at 6 months of age.
Environmental and occupational exposures and serum PCB concentrations and patterns among Mohawk men at Akwesasne.
Exposure to PCB 77 induces tissue-dependent changes in iodothyronine deiodinase activity patterns in the embryonic chicken.
Levels of dioxins, furans and PCBs in human serum and milk of people living in Greece.
Preconception maternal polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations and the secondary sex ratio.
High-throughput biomonitoring of dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls at the sub-picogram level in human serum.
Evaluation of PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB serum concentration data from the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey of the United States population.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in plasma and the embryonic development in Lake Erie water snakes (Nerodia sipedon insularum) from Pelee Island, Ontario, Canada (1999).
Levels of PCBs and their metabolites in the serum of residents of a highly contaminated area in eastern Slovakia.
Does living near a Superfund site contribute to higher polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure?
Levels and concentration ratios of polychlorinated biphenyls and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in serum and breast milk in Japanese mothers.
Effect of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls on incidence of acute respiratory infections in preschool Inuit children.
Polychlorinated biphenyl quinone metabolites poison human topoisomerase IIalpha: altering enzyme function by blocking the N-terminal protein gate.
Reduced antibody responses to vaccinations in children exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Mobilization of PCBs from blubber to blood in northern elephant seals (Mirounga angustirostris) during the post-weaning fast.
Quantitative structure-activity relationships for prediction of the toxicity of hydroxylated and quinoid PCB metabolites.
Role of alpha-tocopherol on antioxidant status in liver, lung and kidney of PCB exposed male albino rats.
Concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and non-ortho and mono-ortho polychlorinated biphenyls in blood of Yusho patients.
Automated solid-phase extraction for the determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polychlorinated biphenyls in serum--application on archived Norwegian samples from 1977 to 2003.
Determination of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum using headspace solid-phase microextraction and gas chromatography-electron capture detection.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls in plasma of bottlenose dolphins (Tursiops truncatus) from the Western Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico.
Induced CYP1A2 activity as a phenotypic biomarker in humans highly exposed to certain PCBs/PCDFs.
Caffeine N3-demethylation (CYP1A2) in a population with an increased exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Thyroid hormone status of Atlantic croaker exposed to Aroclor 1254 and selected PCB congeners.
Hydroxy-PCBs, PBDEs, and HBCDDs in serum from an elderly population of Swedish fishermen's wives and associations with bone density.
Experimental evaluation of the usefulness of feathers as a non-destructive biomonitor for polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) using silastic implants as a novel method of exposure.
Response inhibition during Differential Reinforcement of Low Rates (DRL) schedules may be sensitive to low-level polychlorinated biphenyl, methylmercury, and lead exposure in children.
Serum PCBs, p,p'-DDE and HCB predict thyroid hormone levels in men.
A simple and fast method for the simultaneous determination of polychlorinated biphenyls and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in small volumes of human serum.
Levels of PCDDs, PCDFs, and PCBs in the blood of the non-occupationally exposed residents living in the vicinity of a chemical plant in the Czech Republic.
PCDD/F levels in plasma of a belgian population before and after the 1999 belgian PCB/DIOXIN incident.
PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB in human blood and milk from German mothers.
Immunologic effects of perinatal exposure to dioxins, PCBs and organochlorine pesticides in Japanese infants.
A study on PCB, PCDD/PCDF industrial contamination in a mixed urban-agricultural area significantly affecting the food chain and the human exposure. Part I: soil and feed.
Prenatal pesticide and PCB exposures and birth outcomes.
Developmental dental defects in children exposed to PCBs in eastern Slovakia.
High throughput method for the determination of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum.
Effects of aqueous exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (Aroclor 1254) on physiology and behavior of smolt development of Atlantic salmon.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in the serum of US Air Force veterans in 2002.
Effects of vitamins C and E on steroidogenic enzymes mRNA expression in polychlorinated biphenyl (Aroclor 1254) exposed adult rat Leydig cells.
Impact of iron and steel industry and waste incinerators on human exposure to dioxins, PCBs, and heavy metals: results of a cross-sectional study in Belgium.
Effects of in ovo exposure to PCBs 126 and 77 on mortality, deformities and post-hatch immune function in chickens.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and their hydroxylated metabolites (OH-PCBS) in pregnant women from eastern Slovakia.
Environmental exposures to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) among older residents of upper Hudson River communities.
Oxidative stress modulates membrane bound ATPases in brain regions of PCB (Aroclor 1254) exposed rats: protective role of alpha-tocopherol.
Dietary exposure to methyl mercury and PCB and the associations with semen parameters among Swedish fishermen.
Thyroid hormone status of newborns in relation to in utero exposure to PCBs and hydroxylated PCB metabolites.
Congener-specific approach to human PCB concentrations by serum analysis.
Polychlorinated biphenyls, DDT, polybrominated diphenyl ethers, and organic pesticides in United Kingdom harbor seals (Phoca vitulina)--mixed exposures and thyroid homeostasis.
Thyroid ultrasound volume, structure and function after long-term high exposure of large population to polychlorinated biphenyls, pesticides and dioxin.
Polychlorinated biphenyl levels in peripheral blood and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: a report from three cohorts.
Maternal and cord serum exposure to PCB and DDE methyl sulfone metabolites in eastern Slovakia.
Congener profiles of occupational PCB exposure versus PCB exposure from fish consumption.
Positive associations of serum concentration of polychlorinated biphenyls or organochlorine pesticides with self-reported arthritis, especially rheumatoid type, in women.
Maternal exposure to polybrominated and polychlorinated biphenyls: infant birth weight and gestational age.
Concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in blood collected from 195 pregnant women in Sapporo City, Japan.
A novel mechanism for polychlorinated biphenyl-induced decrease in serum thyroxine level in rats.
Environmental exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls reduce levels of gonadal hormones in newborns: results from the Duisburg cohort study.
Risk assessment of great horned owls (Bubo virginianus) exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and DDT along the Kalamazoo River, Michigan, USA.
Plasma to egg conversion factor for evaluating polychlorinated biphenyl and DDT exposures in great horned owls and bald eagles.
Determination of hydroxy metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls in plasma and tissue by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry.
Certification of SRM 1589a PCBs, pesticides, PBDEs, and dioxins/furans in human serum.
Serum PCB levels and congener profiles among US construction workers.
Placental transfer of polychlorinated biphenyls, their hydroxylated metabolites and pentachlorophenol in pregnant women from eastern Slovakia.
Maternal serum polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations across critical windows of human development.
Exposure of electronics dismantling workers to polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated biphenyls, and organochlorine pesticides in South China.
Effect of In Ovo exposure to an organochlorine mixture extracted from double crested cormorant eggs (Phalacrocorax auritus) and PCB 126 on immune function of juvenile chickens.
Plasma concentrations of selected organobromine compounds and polychlorinated biphenyls in postmenopausal women of Québec, Canada.
Diabetes in relation to serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and chlorinated pesticides in adult Native Americans.
Associations between prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and neonatal thyroid-stimulating hormone levels in a Mexican-American population, Salinas Valley, California.
Distribution of PCDDs, PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs in the blood, testis and adipose tissue of suckling beef calves.
High serum PCBs are associated with elevation of serum lipids and cardiovascular disease in a Native American population.
Gene expression profiling in rat cerebellum following in utero and lactational exposure to mixtures of methylmercury, polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides.
Determinants of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in an urban population.
Developmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls PCB153 or PCB126 impairs learning ability in young but not in adult rats.
The Duisburg birth cohort study: influence of the prenatal exposure to PCDD/Fs and dioxin-like PCBs on thyroid hormone status in newborns and neurodevelopment of infants until the age of 24 months.
Prenatal PCB exposure and thymus size at birth in neonates in Eastern Slovakia.
PCB-containing wood floor finish is a likely source of elevated PCBs in residents' blood, household air and dust: a case study of exposure.
Cytochrome P4501A1 expression, polychlorinated biphenyls and hydroxylated metabolites, and adipocyte size of bottlenose dolphins from the Southeast United States.
Serum PCB concentrations in relation to locally produced food items in eastern Slovakia.
Polychlorinated biphenyl exposure and neuropsychological status among older residents of upper Hudson River communities.
Determination of dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls in breast milk, maternal blood and cord blood from residents of Tohoku, Japan.
Relationship between insulin sensitivity and exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls in pregnant women.
Addendum to: Evaluation of PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB serum concentration data from the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey of the United States population.
Subjective complaints in persons under chronic low-dose exposure to lower polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs).
Serum levels of PCDDs, PCDFs and PCBs in non-occupationally exposed population groups living near two incineration plants in Tuscany, Italy.
Prenatal polychlorinated biphenyl exposures in eastern Slovakia modify effects of social factors on birthweight.
Strong correlation between the concentration of dioxins and total PCBs in current Japanese people.
PBBs, PBDEs, and PCBs levels in hair of residents around e-waste disassembly sites in Zhejiang Province, China, and their potential sources.
Exposure to a mixture of polychlorinated biphenyls and polychlorinated dibenzofurans resulted in a prolonged time to pregnancy in women.
Concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in blood and breast milk collected from 60 mothers in Sapporo City, Japan.
Cryptorchidism at birth in Nice area (France) is associated with higher prenatal exposure to PCBs and DDE, as assessed by colostrum concentrations.
PCDD/F and PCB in human serum of differently exposed population groups of an Italian city.
Accumulation of M1dG DNA adducts after chronic exposure to PCBs, but not from acute exposure to polychlorinated aromatic hydrocarbons.
Serum concentrations of indicator PCB congeners in the Czech adult population.
Effects of exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides on thyroid function during pregnancy.
Relationship of thyroid hormone levels to levels of polychlorinated biphenyls, lead, p,p'- DDE, and other toxicants in Akwesasne Mohawk youth.
Lack of neurodevelopmental adversity by prenatal exposure of infants to current lowered PCB levels: comparison of two German birth cohort studies.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins/polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and organochlorine pesticides in human blood of pregnant women from Germany.
Elevated levels of urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine in male electrical and electronic equipment dismantling workers exposed to high concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans, polybrominated diphenyl ethers, and polychlorinated biphenyls.
Assessment of current serum levels of PCDD/Fs, dl-PCBs and PBDEs in a Dutch cohort with known perinatal PCDD/F exposure.
Distribution of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in human breast milk from various locations in Tunisia: levels of contamination, influencing factors, and infant risk assessment.
Increased levels of urinary nitrite and nitrotyrosine in Yusho victims 40 years after accidental poisoning with polychlorinated biphenyls in Nagasaki, Japan.
A cohort study of in utero polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposures in relation to secondary sex ratio.
PCDDs/PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs: recent body burden levels and their determinants among general inhabitants in Japan.
Evaluation of background persistent organic pollutant levels in human from Taiwan: polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans, and biphenyls.
Congener-specific analysis of non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in blood collected from 195 pregnant women in Sapporo City, Japan.
Linking exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls with fatty fish consumption and reduced fetal growth among Danish pregnant women: a cause for concern?
Perinatal exposure to brominated flame retardants and polychlorinated biphenyls in Japan.
Reduced expression of von Hippel-Lindau gene in subjects exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans.
Congener-specific analysis of non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in blood collected from 127 elderly residents in Nakagawa Town, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.
Bone mineral density changes in relation to environmental PCB exposure.
Negative association between plasma levels of adiponectin and polychlorinated biphenyl 153 in obese women under non-energy-restrictive regime.
Distribution of organochlorine pesticides (OCPs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in human serum from urban areas in Korea.
Association of clinical findings in Yusho patients with serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls, polychlorinated quarterphenyls and 2,3,4,7,8-pentachlorodibenzofuran more than 30 years after the poisoning event.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and thyroid hormone serum concentrations among people living in a highly polluted area: a cross-sectional population-based study.
Polychlorinated biphenyl serum concentrations, lifestyle and time-to-pregnancy.
Birth delivery mode modifies the associations between prenatal polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) and polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) and neonatal thyroid hormone levels.
The relationship between prenatal PCB exposure and intelligence (IQ) in 9-year-old children.
Temporal changes in PCB and DDE levels among a cohort of frequent and infrequent consumers of Great Lakes sportfish.
Comparison of five extraction methods for measuring PCBs, PBDEs, organochlorine pesticides, and lipid content in serum.
Mortality after exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and polychlorinated dibenzofurans: a 40-year follow-up study of Yusho patients.
PCB accumulation in osprey exposed to local sources in lake sediment.
PCB levels in humans in an area of PCB transformer recycling.
Serum dioxins, polychlorinated biphenyls, and endometriosis: a case-control study in Atlanta.
Fish ingestion and congener specific polychlorinated biphenyl and p,p'-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene serum concentrations in a great lakes cohort of pregnant African American women.
Hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs) in the blood of mammals and birds from Japan: lower chlorinated OH-PCBs and profiles.
Dioxin and dioxin-like PCB profiles in the serum of industrial and municipal waste incinerator workers in Korea.
Contribution of methylmercury, polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides to the toxicity of a contaminant mixture based on Canadian Arctic population blood profiles.
Concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls in blood of Yusho patients over 35 years after the incident.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and their hydroxylated metabolites (OH-PCBs) in livers of harbor seals (Phoca vitulina) from San Francisco Bay, California and Gulf of Maine.
Altered stress-induced cortisol levels in goats exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB 126 and PCB 153) during fetal and postnatal development.
Oxidative DNA adducts after Cu(2+)-mediated activation of dihydroxy PCBs: role of reactive oxygen species.
Analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum by gas chromatography-mass selective detection operating at high ion source temperature.
No changes in lymphocyte muscarinic receptors and platelet monoamine oxidase-B examined as surrogate central nervous system biomarkers in a Faroese children cohort prenatally exposed to methylmercury and polychlorinated biphenyls.
PCBs and DDE, but not PBDEs, increase with trophic level and marine input in nestling bald eagles.
PCB, PCDD and PCDF contamination of food of animal origin as the effect of soil pollution and the cause of human exposure in Brescia.
Oxidative stress alters creatine kinase system in serum and brain regions of polychlorinated biphenyl (Aroclor 1254)-exposed rats: protective role of melatonin.
External exposure and bioaccumulation of PCBs in humans living in a contaminated urban environment.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in Spanish adults: determinants of serum concentrations.
Hydroxylated PCB metabolites (OH-PCBs) in archived serum from 1950-60s California mothers: a pilot study.
The University of Michigan Dioxin Exposure Study: methods for an environmental exposure study of polychlorinated dioxins, furans, and biphenyls.
The University of Michigan Dioxin Exposure Study: population survey results and serum concentrations for polychlorinated dioxins, furans, and biphenyls.
Serum levels of polychlorinated dibenzodioxins and dibenzofurans and PCBs in the general population living near an urban waste treatment plant in Biscay, Basque Country.
Method for the determination of selected organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum based on a gel permeation chromatographic clean-up.
Residential exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides and risk of childhood leukemia.
A cohort study of the association between secondary sex ratio and parental exposure to polybrominated biphenyl (PBB) and polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB).
Prenatal exposure to PCDDs/PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs in relation to birth weight.
Protective effects of selenium against DNA adduct formation in Inuit environmentally exposed to PCBs.
Lower serum testosterone associated with elevated polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations in Native American men.
Maternal pregnancy levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and risk of hypospadias and cryptorchidism in male offspring.
Background levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in the U.S. population.
A possible mechanism for the decrease in serum thyroxine level by a 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyl congener, 3,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl in mice.
In vivo acute exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls: effects on free and total thyroxine in rats.
Prenatal and postnatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and child size at 24 months of age.
Role of dietary patterns for dioxin and PCB exposure.
Relationship between the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and polychlorinated biphenyls in maternal blood and those in breast milk.
Differential expression of androgen and estrogen receptors in PCB (Aroclor 1254)-exposed rat ventral prostate: impact of alpha-tocopherol.
Predictors of serum dioxins and PCBs among peripubertal Russian boys.
Exposure to hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs) in the prenatal period and subsequent neurodevelopment in eastern Slovakia.
Polychlorinated biphenyl-mediated decrease in serum thyroxine level in rodents.
The role of african american ethnicity and metabolism in sentinel polychlorinated biphenyl congener serum levels.
An exploratory study of diabetes in a First Nation community with respect to serum concentrations of p,p'-DDE and PCBs and fish consumption.
Polychlorinated biphenyls disrupt blood-brain barrier integrity and promote brain metastasis formation.
Relative importance of polychlorinated naphthalenes compared to dioxins, and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum from Korea: contribution to TEQs and potential sources.
Occupational exposure to PCBs reduces striatal dopamine transporter densities only in women: a beta-CIT imaging study.
Dioxins, polychlorinated biphenyls, methyl mercury and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids as biomarkers of fish consumption.
Maternal serum preconception polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations and infant birth weight.
PCB exposure in sea otters and harlequin ducks in relation to history of contamination by the Exxon Valdez oil spill.
Biotransformation of PCBs in Arctic seabirds: characterization of phase I and II pathways at transcriptional, translational and activity levels.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), polychlorinated biphenyles (PCBs), hydroxylated and methoxylated-PBDEs, and methylsulfonyl-PCBs in bird serum from South China.
In vitro assay shows that PCB metabolites completely saturate thyroid hormone transport capacity in blood of wild polar bears (Ursus maritimus).
A cohort study of developmental polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure in relation to post-vaccination antibody response at 6-months of age.
Distribution of PCDD/Fs, PCBs, PBDEs and organochlorine residues in children's blood from Zhejiang, China.
Current exposure to persistent polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (p,p'-DDE) of Belgian students from food and dust.
Distribution of PCBs, their hydroxylated metabolites, and other phenolic contaminants in human serum from two European countries.
Serum PCB concentrations and cochlear function in 12-year-old children.
Determination and characterization of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs) in serum and adipose tissue of Japanese women diagnosed with breast cancer.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and their hydroxylated metabolites (OH-PCBs) in the blood of toothed and baleen whales stranded along Japanese coastal waters.
Levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in human adipose tissue samples from southeast China.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans, biphenyls, and naphthalenes in plasma of workers deployed at the World Trade Center after the collapse.
Plasma levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and risk of cutaneous malignant melanoma: a preliminary study.
Predicting PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB contamination levels in bovine edible tissues from in vivo sampling.
Estrogenic followed by anti-estrogenic effects of PCBs exposure in juvenil fish (Spaurus aurata).
Chronic exposure and decontamination of a marine sculpin (Myoxocephalus scorpius) to polychlorinated biphenyls using selected body indices, blood values, histopathology, and parasites as bioindicators.
Differential effects of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners on serum thyroid hormone levels in rats.
Predictors of serum dioxin, furan, and PCB concentrations among women from Chapaevsk, Russia.
Multivariate models to predict human adipose tissue PCB concentrations in Southern Spain.
PCB and PBDE levels in wild common carp (Cyprinus carpio) from eastern Lake Erie.
Blood pressure and hypertension in relation to levels of serum polychlorinated biphenyls in residents of Anniston, Alabama.
Rapid assay for oestrogen receptor binding to PCB metabolites.
Neurobehavioral effects of prenatal exposure to methylmercury and PCBs, and seafood intake: neonatal behavioral assessment scale results of Tohoku study of child development.
NMR-based metabonomic analysis of the hepatotoxicity induced by combined exposure to PCBs and TCDD in rats.
Developmental PCB exposure induces hypothyroxinemia and sex-specific effects on cerebellum glial protein levels in rats.
Time course of congener uptake and elimination in rats after short-term inhalation exposure to an airborne polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) mixture.
Physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) models for lifetime exposure to PCB 153 in male and female harbor porpoises (Phocoena phocoena): model development and evaluation.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB-153) and (PCB-77) absorption in human liver (HepG2) and kidney (HK2) cells in vitro: PCB levels and cell death.
Novel pressurized solvent extraction vessels for the analysis of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in avian whole blood.
Maternal plasma polychlorinated biphenyl levels in cynomolgus monkeys (Macaca fascicularis) affect infant social skills in mother-infant interaction.
Chromosome fragility in dairy cows exposed to dioxins and dioxin-like PCBs.
Confirmation of polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) distribution in the blood and verification of simple quantitative method for PCBs based on specific congeners.
Exposure patterns of UV filters, fragrances, parabens, phthalates, organochlor pesticides, PBDEs, and PCBs in human milk: correlation of UV filters with use of cosmetics.
Background levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in the population of the Canary Islands (Spain).
Half-lives of serum PCB congener concentrations in environmentally exposed early adolescents.
Dietary patterns and blood levels of PCDDs, PCDFs, and dioxin-like PCBs in 1656 Japanese individuals.
Predictors of polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations in adipose tissue in a general Danish population.
Assessment of polychlorinated biphenyls and mercury levels in soil and biological samples from San Felipe, Nuevo Mercurio, Zacatecas, Mexico.
A case study addressing the reliability of polychlorinated biphenyl levels measured at the time of breast cancer diagnosis in representing early-life exposure.
Menstrual effects among women exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans.
Serum dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls are associated with growth among Russian boys.
Changes in serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), hydroxylated PCB metabolites and pentachlorophenol during pregnancy.
PBDEs and PCBs in the liver of the St Lawrence Estuary beluga (Delphinapterus leucas): a comparison of levels and temporal trends with the blubber.
Sex, BMI and age in addition to dietary intakes influence blood concentrations and congener profiles of dioxins and PCBs.
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure in mothers and time to pregnancy in daughters.
Correlations of fish intake and plasma docosahexaenoic acid levels with each congener of PCDDs/PCDFs/dioxin-like PCBs in blood from the Japanese population.
Maternal and early postnatal polychlorinated biphenyl exposure in relation to total serum immunoglobulin concentrations in 6-month-old infants.
Polychlorinated biphenyl and organochlorine pesticide levels in human breast milk from the Mediterranean city Antalya, Turkey.
In utero and lactational exposure to PCB 118 and PCB 153 alter ovarian follicular dynamics and GnRH-induced luteinizing hormone secretion in female lambs.
Serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls in relation to in vitro fertilization outcomes.
Concentrations and accumulation profiles of PCDDs, PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs in adipose fat tissues of Korean women.
Blood pressure in relation to concentrations of PCB congeners and chlorinated pesticides.
Optimized determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polychlorinated biphenyls in sheep serum by solid-phase extraction-gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Fluorescence enhancement effect for the determination of polychlorinated biphenyls with bovine serum albumin.
Enhanced hepatotoxicity induced by repeated exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin in combination in male rats.
Serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in Mexican women and breast cancer risk.
High postnatal exposures to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) via breast milk in California: does BDE-209 transfer to breast milk?
Characterization and expression of cytochrome P4501A in Atlantic sturgeon and shortnose sturgeon experimentally exposed to coplanar PCB 126 and TCDD.
Fetal adrenal development: comparing effects of combined exposures to PCB 118 and PCB 153 in a sheep model.
Mast cells in the intestine and gills of the sea bream, Sparus aurata, exposed to a polychlorinated biphenyl, PCB 126.
Correlations of PCBs, DIOXIN, and PBDE with TSH in children's blood in areas of computer E-waste recycling.
Pilot study on the exposure of the German general population to non-dioxin-like and dioxin-like PCBs.
Disruption of spermatogenesis and differential regulation of testicular estrogen receptor expression in mice after polychlorinated biphenyl exposure.
Relationship between serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides and dietary habits of pregnant women in Shanghai.
Serum PCB levels and congener profiles among teachers in PCB-containing schools: a pilot study.
Associations of polychlorinated biphenyl exposure and endogenous hormones with diabetes in post-menopausal women previously employed at a capacitor manufacturing plant.
Determinants of serum concentrations of 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene and polychlorinated biphenyls among French women in the CECILE study.
Temporal trends in serum concentrations of polychlorinated dioxins, furans, and PCBs among adult women living in Chapaevsk, Russia: a longitudinal study from 2000 to 2009.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and their hydroxylated metabolites in placenta from Madrid mothers.
Biological monitoring of indoor-exposure to dioxin-like and non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) in a public building.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in plasma predict development of type 2 diabetes in the elderly: the prospective investigation of the vasculature in Uppsala Seniors (PIVUS) study.
Transcriptomics identifies differences between ultrapure non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dioxin-like PCB126 in cultured peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Comparison of the concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins in mothers affected by the Yusho incident and their children.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in indoor air and in serum among older residents of upper Hudson River communities.
Incidence of thyroid disease following exposure to polybrominated biphenyls and polychlorinated biphenyls, Michigan, 1974-2006.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in human milk as markers of environmental exposure to these compounds.
Exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and hearing impairment in children.
DNA damage associated with PCBs in the whole blood cells of Inuit.
Association of caffeine consumption and smoking status with the serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls, dioxins, and furans in the general U.S. population: NHANES 2003-2004.
In utero exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and reduced neonatal physiological development from Guiyu, China.
Differential gene expression and a functional analysis of PCB-exposed children: understanding disease and disorder development.
Effects of developmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and/or polybrominated diphenyl ethers on cochlear function.
Levels and patterns of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs) and their associations with thyroid hormones in hooded seal (Cystophora cristata) mother-pup pairs.
Longitudinal increases in PCDD/F and dl-PCB concentrations in human milk in northern China.
Blood-based biomarkers of selenium and thyroid status indicate possible adverse biological effects of mercury and polychlorinated biphenyls in Southern Beaufort Sea polar bears.
Quantification of PCDD/Fs and dioxin-like PCBs in small amounts of human serum using the sensitive H1L7.5c1 mouse hepatoma cell line: optimization and analysis of human serum samples from adolescents of the Flemish human biomonitoring program FLEHS II.
Dioxin and polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations in mother's serum and the timing of pubertal onset in sons.
PCDD, PCDF, and PCB exposure in current and former firefighters from Eastern Siberia.
Birth weight and prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (DDE): a meta-analysis within 12 European Birth Cohorts.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in plasma of older Canadians.
Concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and polychlorinated biphenyls in blood and breast milk collected from pregnant women in Sapporo City, Japan.
Prenatal concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls, DDE, and DDT and overweight in children: a prospective birth cohort study.
The kinetics of cell surface receptor expression in children perinatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Assessment of exposure to PCB 153 from breast feeding and normal food intake in individual children using a system approach model.
Concentrations of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum and adipose tissue from Bolivia.
Levels of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in the critically endangered Iberian lynx and other sympatric carnivores in Spain.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in vacuum dust and blood of residents in 20 Wisconsin households.
Response inhibition and error monitoring during a visual go/no-go task in inuit children exposed to lead, polychlorinated biphenyls, and methylmercury.
Associations between congenital cryptorchidism in newborn boys and levels of dioxins and PCBs in placenta.
Polychlorinated biphenyl congeners that increase the glucuronidation and biliary excretion of thyroxine are distinct from the congeners that enhance the serum disappearance of thyroxine.
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and p,p'-DDE and sperm sex-chromosome disomy.
PCBs and OH-PCBs in polar bear mother-cub pairs: a comparative study based on plasma levels in 1998 and 2008.
Regulation of paraoxonase 1 (PON1) in PCB 126-exposed male Sprague Dawley rats.
Pre- and postnatal polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations and longitudinal measures of thymus volume in infants.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in human serum by gas chromatography with micro-electron capture detector.
Association of serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls with IL-8 mRNA expression in blood samples from asthmatic and non-asthmatic Japanese children.
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure and diabetes: results from the Anniston Community Health Survey.
Developmental coexposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and polybrominated diphenyl ethers has additive effects on circulating thyroxine levels in rats.
Blood levels of dioxins, furans, dioxin-like PCBs, and TEQs in general populations: a review, 1989-2010.
Measurements of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polychlorinated biphenyls in a single drop of blood.
Glutathione transferase polymorphisms and risk of endometriosis associated with polychlorinated biphenyls exposure in Italian women: a gene-environment interaction.
Accumulation of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and evaluation of hematological and immunological effects of PCB exposure on turtles.
Investigation of the applicability of highly ordered TiO₂ nanotube array for enrichment and determination of polychlorinated biphenyls at trace level in environmental water samples.
Very high correlations between fresh weight and lipid-adjusted PCB-153 serum concentrations: irrespective of fasting status, age, body mass index, gender, or exposure distributions.
Serum concentrations of p, p'-DDE, HCB, PCBs and reproductive hormones among men of reproductive age.
The effect of prenatal and postnatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and child neurodevelopment at age twenty four months.
Factors influencing combined exposure to three indicator polychlorinated biphenyls in an adult cohort from Bolivia.
Simultaneous enantioselective separation of polychlorinated biphenyls and their methyl sulfone metabolites by heart-cut MDGC: determination of enantiomeric fractions in fish oils and cow liver samples.
Plasma polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) levels of workers in a transformer recycling company, their family members, and employees of surrounding companies.
PCDD/PCDF, dl-PCB and PBDE serum levels of Slovak general population.
Relationship between prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and birth weight: a systematic analysis of published epidemiological studies through a standardization of biomonitoring data.
Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and child neuropsychological development in 4-year-olds: an analysis per congener and specific cognitive domain.
PCDD/F and PCB concentrations in sera from the Canadian Health Measures Survey (CHMS) from 2007 to 2009.
Effect of chitosan intake on fecal excretion of dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls in healthy men.
Prenatal polychlorinated biphenyl exposure is associated with decreased gestational length but not birth weight: archived samples from the Child Health and Development Studies pregnancy cohort.
Reproductive hormone profile and pubertal development in 14-year-old boys prenatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Subchronic inhalation exposure study of an airborne polychlorinated biphenyl mixture resembling the Chicago ambient air congener profile.
Plasma levels of dioxins, furans, non-ortho-PCBs, and TEQs in the Seveso population 17 years after the accident.
Occupational exposure to PCDDs, PCDFs, and PCBs of metallurgical workers in some industrial plants of the Brescia area, northern Italy.
Lipopolysaccharide potentiates polychlorinated biphenyl-induced disruption of the blood-brain barrier via TLR4/IRF-3 signaling.
Polychlorinated biphenyl exposure, diabetes and endogenous hormones: a cross-sectional study in men previously employed at a capacitor manufacturing plant.
Blood levels of PCDDs, PCDFs, and coplanar PCBs in Yusho mothers and their descendants: association with fetal Yusho disease.
2,2',3,5',6-Pentachlorobiphenyl (PCB 95) and its hydroxylated metabolites are enantiomerically enriched in female mice.
Validation of questionnaire-based long-term dietary exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls using biomarkers.
Prenatal and early life exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans and biphenyls may influence dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels at prepubertal age: results from the Duisburg birth cohort study.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and their hydroxylated metabolites in wild fish from Wheatley Harbour Area of Concern, Ontario, Canada.
Development and validation of prediction models for blood concentrations of dioxins and PCBs using dietary intakes.
Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins from the maternal diet may be associated with immunosuppressive effects that persist into early childhood.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in prospectively collected serum and Parkinson's disease risk.
Exposure to polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners measured shortly after giving birth and subsequent risk of maternal breast cancer before age 50.
Serum levels of hydroxylated PCBs, PCBs and thyroid hormone measures of Japanese pregnant women.
Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in placentas from the Spanish INMA birth cohort study.
Polychlorinated biphenyls impair blood-brain barrier integrity via disruption of tight junction proteins in cerebrum, cerebellum and hippocampus of female Wistar rats: neuropotential role of quercetin.
IL-22 mRNA expression in blood samples as a useful biomarker for assessing the adverse health effects of PCBs on allergic children.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in serum, liver and adipose tissue of subjects with hepatocellular carcinoma living in a highly polluted area.
Concentration-dependent half-lives of polychlorinated biphenyl in sera from an occupational cohort.
Pansteatitis associated with high levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in a wild loggerhead sea turtle Caretta caretta.
PCBs and OH-PCBs in serum from children and mothers in urban and rural U.S. communities.
Determination of dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in 1 mL whole blood using programmable temperature vaporization large volume injection coupled to gas chromatogram and high-resolution mass spectrometry.
Estimation of age- and sex-specific background human serum concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, and PCBs in the UMDES and NHANES populations.
Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans and polychlorinated biphenyls in human milk from different regions of France.
Association between exposure to dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls and miR-191 expression in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Dietary exposure of juvenile female mice to polyhalogenated seafood contaminants (HBCD, BDE-47, PCB-153, TCDD): comparative assessment of effects in potential target tissues.
Systematic analysis of the relationship between standardized prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and mental and motor development during follow-up of nine children cohorts.
Prenatal exposure to a polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congener influences fixation duration on biological motion at 4-months-old: a preliminary study.
Field confirmation of modified pressurized solvent extraction vessels for the analysis of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in blood samples from Great Lakes Mallards (Anas platyrhynchos).
Tibial bone lead, but not serum polychlorinated biphenyl, concentrations are associated with neurocognitive deficits in former capacitor workers.
Developmental effects of perinatal exposure to PBDE and PCB on gene expression in sexually dimorphic rat brain regions and female sexual behavior.
Simultaneous determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polychlorinated biphenyls by gas chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry in human serum and plasma.
Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) may influence birth weight among infants in a Swedish cohort with background exposure: a cross-sectional study.
Is meconium useful to predict fetal exposure to organochlorines and hydroxylated PCBs?
Rapid and simultaneous determination of polychlorinated biphenyls and their main metabolites (hydroxylated and methyl sulfonyl) by gas chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry: comparison of different ionisation modes.
Biological monitoring of polychlorinated biphenyls in plasma a comparison of enzyme linked immunosorbent assay and gas chromatography detection methods.
Effects of a Single Large Dose of Ethanol on Tissue Ascorbic Acid, Drug-Metabolizing Enzymes in the Liver, and Serum and Liver Lipids in Rats Fed with a PCB-containing Diet.
