Effect of phthalate plasticizer on blood compatibility of polyvinyl chloride.
Diethylhexyl phthalate as a factor in blood transfusion and haemodialysis.
Di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP) accumulation in whole blood and red cell concentrates.
The influence of phthalate esters on human plasma lecithin/cholesterol acyltransferase.
Isolation of di-N-2-propylpentyl phthalate from human urine.
Radioimmunoassay for mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in unextracted plasma.
Bis(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate concentrations in the serum of hemodialysis patients.
Formation of mono(ethylhexyl)phthalate from di(ethylhexyl)phthalate in human plasma stored in PVC bags and its presence in fractionated plasma proteins.
Decreased accumulation of phthalate plasticizer during storage of blood as packed cells.
Di (2-ethylhexyl)phthalate content of plasma fractions prepared by low temperature ethanol (Cohn) fractionation.
Rapid determination by high performance liquid chromatography of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate in plasma stored in plastic bags.
Non-mutagenicity of 4 metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) and 3 structurally related derivatives of di(2-ethylhexyl)adipate (DEHA) in the Salmonella mutagenicity assay.
Effect of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate on enzyme activity levels in liver and serum of rats.
Phosphorylation of specific rat plasma membrane proteins during promotion of gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase-positive hepatic foci and inhibition by di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate.
Comparison of changes in serum androgen binding protein with germinal epithelial damage and infertility induced by di-n-pentyl phthalate.
Toxicological quandary of the use of bis (2-diethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) as a plasticizer for blood bags.
Distribution of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and products in blood and blood components.
Determination of phthalic acid, mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in human plasma and in blood products.
Exposure of newborn infants to plasticizers. Plasma levels of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate during exchange transfusion.
Urine phthalate determinations as an index of occupational exposure to phthalic anhydride and di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate.
Identification of the metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in urine from the African green monkey.
Differences in urinary metabolic profile from di-n-butyl phthalate-treated rats and hamsters. A possible explanation for species differences in susceptibility to testicular atrophy.
Effects of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate on lipid composition of serum and testis in rats.
Characterization of erythrocyte quality during the refrigerated storage of whole blood containing di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate.
High-performance liquid chromatographic procedure for the determination of di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in human blood specimens. Problems of variable-extraction yield and the use of standard addition for calibration.
Urinary metabolites of orally administered di-(5-hexenyl) phthalate and di-(9-decenyl) phthalate in the rat.
Testicular atrophy of rats induced by di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate: effects of vitamin A and zinc concentrations in the testis, liver and serum.
Prevention of leakage of Di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate from blood bags by glow discharge treatment and its effect on aggregability of stored platelets.
Phthalate esters I: Effects on cytochrome P-450 mediated metabolism in rat liver and lung, serum enzymatic activities and serum protein levels.
Chromatographic separation and quantitative determination of the metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate from urine of laboratory animals.
Hepatic effects of a phthalate ester plasticizer leached from poly(vinyl chloride) blood bags following transfusion.
Effect of heat on the conversion of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate to mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate in human plasma.
Contamination of commercial blood products by di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate.
In vitro and in vivo studies of the effect of the concentration of plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate on the blood compatibility of plasticized poly(vinyl chloride) drain tubes.
Effects of clofibrate, phthalates and probucol on ubiquinone levels.
Metabolites of the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in urine samples of workers in polyvinylchloride processing industries.
Exposure of newborn infants to di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate and 2-ethylhexanoic acid following exchange transfusion with polyvinylchloride catheters.
Stability of red cell antigens and plasma coagulation factors stored in a non-diethylhexyl phthalate-plasticized container.
Mechanism of testicular atrophy induced by di-n-butyl phthalate in rats. Part 5. Testicular iron depletion and levels of ferritin, haemoglobin and transferrin in the bone marrow, liver and spleen.
Responsiveness of rat nonparenchymal liver cells and spleen cells to the decomposition of erythrocytes exposed to di-n-butyl phthalate and its metabolite.
Chromatographic fractionation and analysis by mass spectrometry of conjugated metabolites of bis(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in urine.
Uraemic pruritus and exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) in haemodialysis patients.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation exposes infants to the plasticizer, di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate.
The plasticizer benzyl butyl phthalate (BBP) inhibits 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA)-induced rat mammary DNA adduct formation and tumorigenesis.
Decrease in the concentration of vitamin E in blood and tissues caused by di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, a commonly used plasticizer in blood storage bags and medical tubing.
Increased lipid peroxidation of erythrocytes in blood stored in polyvinyl chloride blood storage bags plasticized with di-[2-ethyl hexyl] phthalate and effect of antioxidants.
Exposure of hemodialysis patients to di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate.
Changes in the composition of erythrocyte membrane during storage of blood in di-(2-ethyl hexyl) phthalate [DEHP] plasticized poly vinyl chloride (PVC) blood storage bags.
Quantitative evaluation of alternative mechanisms of blood and testes disposition of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in rats.
Metabolism of n-butyl benzyl phthalate in the female Wistar rat. Identification of new metabolites.
Quantitative evaluation of alternative mechanisms of blood disposition of di(n-butyl) phthalate and mono(n-butyl) phthalate in rats.
Quantitative detection of eight phthalate metabolites in human urine using HPLC-APCI-MS/MS.
Identification of phthalate esters in the serum of young Puerto Rican girls with premature breast development.
Levels of seven urinary phthalate metabolites in a human reference population.
Potential hazards of exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate in babies. a review.
No background concentrations of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in blood of rats.
High-performance liquid chromatographic method for the determination of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in total parenteral nutrition and in plasma.
Simultaneous analysis of the di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate metabolites 2-ethylhexanoic acid, 2-ethyl-3-hydroxyhexanoic acid and 2-ethyl-3-oxohexanoic acid in urine by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
A biomarker approach to measuring human dietary exposure to certain phthalate diesters.
The association between biomarker-based exposure estimates for phthalates and demographic factors in a human reference population.
Reproducibility of urinary phthalate metabolites in first morning urine samples.
Preparation of samples for gas chromatography/mass spectrometry analysis of phthalate and adipate esters in plasma and beverages by steam distillation and extraction.
Inhibition of oocyte development in Japanese medaka (Oryzias latipes) exposed to di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate.
Effect of the dietary exposure of rat to di(2-ethyl hexyl) phthalate on their metabolic efficiency.
On-line clean-up by multidimensional liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry for high throughput quantification of primary and secondary phthalate metabolites in human urine.
Exposure to Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in humans during pregnancy. A preliminary report.
Identification of a toxic mechanism of the plasticizers, phtahlic acid esters, which are putative endocrine disrupters: time-dependent increase in quinolinic acid and its metabolites in rats fed di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate.
Column-switching high-performance liquid chromatography electrospray mass spectrometry coupled with on-line of extraction for the determination of mono- and di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in blood samples.
Effects of dibutyl phthalate in male rabbits following in utero, adolescent, or postpubertal exposure.
Inflammatory response of rat and human neutrophils exposed to di-(2-ethyl-hexyl)-phthalate-plasticized polyvinyl chloride.
Quantitative changes in gene expression in fetal rat testes following exposure to di(n-butyl) phthalate.
Determination of three phthalate metabolites in human urine using on-line solid-phase extraction-liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Improved quantitative detection of 11 urinary phthalate metabolites in humans using liquid chromatography-atmospheric pressure chemical ionization tandem mass spectrometry.
High plasma concentrations of di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate in women with endometriosis.
The relationship between environmental exposures to phthalates and DNA damage in human sperm using the neutral comet assay.
Phthalate exposure and human semen parameters.
Donor exposure to the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate during plateletpheresis.
Quantitative detection of nine phthalate metabolites in human serum using reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization-tandem mass spectrometry.
Internal exposure of the general population to DEHP and other phthalates--determination of secondary and primary phthalate monoester metabolites in urine.
Glucuronidation patterns of common urinary and serum monoester phthalate metabolites.
Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) metabolites in human urine and serum after a single oral dose of deuterium-labelled DEHP.
Prenatal exposures to phthalates among women in New York City and Krakow, Poland.
In utero exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate and duration of human pregnancy.
Male reproductive tract lesions at 6, 12, and 18 months of age following in utero exposure to di(n-butyl) phthalate.
Sensitive biomonitoring of phthalate metabolites in human urine using packed capillary column switching liquid chromatography coupled to electrospray ionization ion-trap mass spectrometry.
The relationship between environmental exposure to phthalates and computer-aided sperm analysis motion parameters.
Blood burden of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and its primary metabolite mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in pregnant and nonpregnant rats and marmosets.
Mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate and mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate as biomarkers for human exposure assessment to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate.
Urinary levels of seven phthalate metabolites in the U.S. population from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 1999-2000.
Kinetics of orally administered di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and its metabolite, mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, in male pigs.
Phthalate exposure and pulmonary function.
Risk assessment of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate released from PVC blood circuits during hemodialysis and pump-oxygenation therapy.
Determination of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate and mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in human serum using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Analysis of human urine for fifteen phthalate metabolites using automated solid-phase extraction.
Medications as a source of human exposure to phthalates.
Changes in some hormones by low doses of di (2-ethyl hexyl) phthalate (DEHP), a commonly used plasticizer in PVC blood storage bags & medical tubing.
4-Heptanone is a metabolite of the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) in haemodialysis patients.
Phthalate treatment does not influence levels of IgE or Th2 cytokines in B6C3F1 mice.
High-throughput analysis of phthalate esters in human serum by direct immersion SPME followed by isotope dilution-fast GC/MS.
Follow-up study of adolescents exposed to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) as neonates on extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) support.
The p53 protein influences the sensitivity of testicular germ cells to mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate-induced apoptosis by increasing the membrane levels of Fas and DR5 and decreasing the intracellular amount of c-FLIP.
Evaluation of the effect of the concentration of plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate on the quantity of residual monomer vinyl chloride in PVC chest drainage tubes.
Neonatal exposure to di(n-butyl) phthalate (DBP) alters male reproductive-tract development.
Temporal variability of urinary phthalate metabolite levels in men of reproductive age.
Phthalate exposure and reproductive hormones in adult men.
Determination of total phthalates in urine by isotope-dilution liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Effects of di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (DEHP) and its metabolites on fatty acid homeostasis regulating proteins in rat placental HRP-1 trophoblast cells.
Biological monitoring of the five major metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) in human urine using column-switching liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
New metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) in human urine and serum after single oral doses of deuterium-labelled DEHP.
Urinary metabolites of di-n-octyl phthalate in rats.
Transfusion-related exposure to the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in patients receiving plateletpheresis concentrates.
Synthesis of DEHP metabolites as biomarkers for GC-MS evaluation of phthalates as endocrine disrupters.
Determination of 16 phthalate metabolites in urine using automated sample preparation and on-line preconcentration/high-performance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry.
Evaluation and analysis of exposure levels of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate from blood bags.
Urinary phthalate metabolites and biomarkers of reproductive function in young men.
Critical window of male reproductive tract development in rats following gestational exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate.
Detection of phthalate metabolites in human saliva.
Monitoring phthalate exposure in humans.
Exposure to low concentrations of di-n-butyl phthalate during embryogenesis reduces survivability and impairs development of Xenopus laevis frogs.
Biological monitoring of carbon disulphide and phthalate exposure in the contemporary rubber industry.
Intravenous exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP): metabolites of DEHP in urine after a voluntary platelet donation.
Evaluation of the effect of governmental control of human exposure to two phthalates in Japan using a urinary biomarker approach.
Decrease in anogenital distance among male infants with prenatal phthalate exposure.
Disruption of reproductive development in male rat offspring following in utero exposure to phthalate esters.
Delayed effects on plasma concentration of testosterone and testicular morphology by intramuscular low-dose di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate or oestradiol benzoate in the prepubertal boar.
Use of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate-containing medical products and urinary levels of mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in neonatal intensive care unit infants.
Urinary and amniotic fluid levels of phthalate monoesters in rats after the oral administration of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and di-n-butyl phthalate.
Early post-natal exposure to low dose oral di(2ethylhexyl) phthalate affects the peripheral LH-concentration in plasma, but does not affect mating behavior in the post-pubertal boar.
Personal care product use predicts urinary concentrations of some phthalate monoesters.
Mono-(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate, a metabolite of di-n-octyl phthalate.
Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) exposure of voluntary plasma and platelet donors.
Urinary oxidative metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in humans.
Automated solid-phase extraction and quantitative analysis of 14 phthalate metabolites in human serum using isotope dilution-high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP): human metabolism and internal exposure-- an update and latest results.
Measurement of eight urinary metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate as biomarkers for human exposure assessment.
Effects of perinatal exposure to phthalate/adipate esters on hypothalamic gene expression and sexual behavior in rats.
Low serum concentrations of di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in women with uterine fibromatosis.
Does exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in pre-pubertal boars affect semen quality post-puberty?
Urinary biomarkers of di-isononyl phthalate in rats.
Estimated daily phthalate exposures in a population of mothers of male infants exhibiting reduced anogenital distance.
Exposure of prepubertal female rats to inhaled di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate affects the onset of puberty and postpubertal reproductive functions.
Oxidative metabolites of diisononyl phthalate as biomarkers for human exposure assessment.
Effects of exposure of pre-pubertal boars to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate on their frozen-thawed sperm viability post-puberty.
Exposure to phthalates in neonatal intensive care unit infants: urinary concentrations of monoesters and oxidative metabolites.
Quantifying phthalate metabolites in human meconium and semen using automated off-line solid-phase extraction coupled with on-line SPE and isotope-dilution high-performance liquid chromatography--tandem mass spectrometry.
Effect of in utero exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate: distribution in the rat fetus and testosterone production by rat fetal testis in culture.
A dose response study following in utero and lactational exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP): reproductive effects on adult male offspring rats.
Altered semen quality in relation to urinary concentrations of phthalate monoester and oxidative metabolites.
Phthalate monoesters in perfusate from a dual placenta perfusion system, the placenta tissue and umbilical cord blood.
DNA damage in human sperm is related to urinary levels of phthalate monoester and oxidative metabolites.
A dose-response study following in utero and lactational exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP): reproductive effects on adult female offspring rats.
Decreased serum free testosterone in workers exposed to high levels of di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) and di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP): a cross-sectional study in China.
Integrating biomonitoring exposure data into the risk assessment process: phthalates [diethyl phthalate and di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate] as a case study.
Comparison and analysis of different approaches for estimating the human exposure to phthalate esters.
Occurrence and daily variation of phthalate metabolites in the urine of an adult population.
Daily intake of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) by German children -- A comparison of two estimation models based on urinary DEHP metabolite levels.
Study on developmental abnormalities in hypospadiac male rats induced by maternal exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP).
Fetal mouse phthalate exposure shows that Gonocyte multinucleation is not associated with decreased testicular testosterone.
Pilot study of urinary biomarkers of phytoestrogens, phthalates, and phenols in girls.
Internal phthalate exposure over the last two decades--a retrospective human biomonitoring study.
Airway inflammation and adjuvant effect after repeated airborne exposures to di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate and ovalbumin in BALB/c mice.
Urinary metabolites of diisodecyl phthalate in rats.
Assessment of human exposure to di-isodecyl phthalate using oxidative metabolites as biomarkers.
Early pre-pubertal exposure to low-dose oral di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate does not affect sperm plasma membrane stability, acrosomal integrity or chromatin structure in the post-pubertal boar.
HPLC with diode-array detection for the simultaneous determination of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate and mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in seminal plasma.
Concentrations of urinary phthalate metabolites are associated with increased waist circumference and insulin resistance in adult U.S. males.
Intake of phthalates and di(2-ethylhexyl)adipate: results of the Integrated Exposure Assessment Survey based on duplicate diet samples and biomonitoring data.
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites may alter thyroid hormone levels in men.
Quantitative identification of unknown exposure pathways of phthalates based on measuring their metabolites in human urine.
Associations between urinary phthalate monoesters and thyroid hormones in pregnant women.
The internal exposure of Taiwanese to phthalate--an evidence of intensive use of plastic materials.
Systemic uptake of diethyl phthalate, dibutyl phthalate, and butyl paraben following whole-body topical application and reproductive and thyroid hormone levels in humans.
Mapping gene expression changes in the fetal rat testis following acute dibutyl phthalate exposure defines a complex temporal cascade of responding cell types.
Phthalates: toxicology and exposure.
Temporal variability in urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites, phytoestrogens and phenols among minority children in the United States.
Quantification of 22 phthalate metabolites in human urine.
Metabolite profiles of di-n-butyl phthalate in humans and rats.
Urinary phthalate metabolites and semen quality: a review of a potential biomarker of susceptibility.
Phthalates: metabolism and exposure.
Biological monitoring of occupational exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate: survey of workers exposed to plastisols.
Urinary excretion of phthalates and paraben after repeated whole-body topical application in humans.
Baby care products: possible sources of infant phthalate exposure.
In utero exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate exerts both short-term and long-lasting suppressive effects on testosterone production in the rat.
Phthalate diesters and their metabolites in human breast milk, blood or serum, and urine as biomarkers of exposure in vulnerable populations.
Characterization of phthalate exposure among pregnant women assessed by repeat air and urine samples.
Association of urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations with body mass index and waist circumference: a cross-sectional study of NHANES data, 1999-2002.
Occupational exposure to dibutyl phthalate among manicurists.
A pilot study associating urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites and semen quality.
Effects of phthalate ester derivatives including oxidized metabolites on coactivator recruiting by PPARalpha and PPARgamma.
Impact of diisobutyl phthalate and other PPAR agonists on steroidogenesis and plasma insulin and leptin levels in fetal rats.
Morphology and morphometry of the reproductive organs in prepubertal and postpubertal male pigs exposed to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate before puberty: Precocious development of bulbourethral glands.
Association between prenatal exposure to phthalates and the health of newborns.
Lactational exposure to phthalates in Southern Italy.
Prenatal phenol and phthalate exposures and birth outcomes.
Maternal and infant urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations: are they related?
Urinary metabolite concentrations of organophosphorous pesticides, bisphenol A, and phthalates among pregnant women in Rotterdam, the Netherlands: the Generation R study.
Cross validation and ruggedness testing of analytical methods used for the quantification of urinary phthalate metabolites.
Phthalate exposure among pregnant women in Jerusalem, Israel: results of a pilot study.
Maternal di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate exposure influences essential fatty acid homeostasis in rat placenta.
Urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations among workers in selected industries: a pilot biomonitoring study.
Environmental phthalate exposure in relation to reproductive outcomes and other health endpoints in humans.
Kinetics of selected di-n-butyl phthalate metabolites and fetal testosterone following repeated and single administration in pregnant rats.
Urinary metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate are associated with decreased steroid hormone levels in adult men.
A simple pharmacokinetic model to characterize exposure of Americans to di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate.
In utero and lactational exposures to diethylhexyl-phthalate affect two populations of Leydig cells in male Long-Evans rats.
Concentrations of phthalate metabolites in milk, urine, saliva, and Serum of lactating North Carolina women.
Identification of potential mechanisms of toxicity after di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (DEHP) adult exposure in the liver using a systems biology approach.
Maternal urinary metabolites of Di-(2-Ethylhexyl) phthalate in relation to the timing of labor in a US multicenter pregnancy cohort study.
Medications as a potential source of exposure to phthalates in the U.S. population.
Temporal stability of eight phthalate metabolites and their glucuronide conjugates in human urine.
Within-person variability in urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations: measurements from specimens after long-term frozen storage.
Reproductive effects of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in immature male rats and its relation to cholesterol, testosterone, and thyroxin levels.
Phthalate exposure in girls during early puberty.
Prenatal phthalate exposure and performance on the Neonatal Behavioral Assessment Scale in a multiethnic birth cohort.
Levels of metabolites of organophosphate pesticides, phthalates, and bisphenol A in pooled urine specimens from pregnant women participating in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).
Fetal exposure to phthalates--a pilot study.
Determination of total and free mono-n-butyl phthalate in human urine samples after medication of a di-n-butyl phthalate containing capsule.
Phthalates and other additives in plastics: human exposure and associated health outcomes.
Long-term effects of developmental exposure to di-n-butyl-phthalate (DBP) on rat prostate: proliferative and inflammatory disorders and a possible role of androgens.
Phthalate levels and low birth weight: a nested case-control study of Chinese newborns.
Reproductive toxicity and pharmacokinetics of di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) following dietary exposure of pregnant rats.
Biomonitoring of the di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate and mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate in children and adults during the course of time and seasons.
Urinary di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate metabolites in athletes as screening measure for illicit blood doping: a comparison study with patients receiving blood transfusion.
GerES IV: phthalate metabolites and bisphenol A in urine of German children.
Urinary di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP)--metabolites and male human markers of reproductive function.
Ultra-trace determination of phthalate ester metabolites in seawater, sediments, and biota from an urbanized marine inlet by LC/ESI-MS/MS.
Phthalates exposure and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in school-age children.
Urinary phthalate monoesters and endometriosis in infertile Japanese women.
Pregnancy-associated changes in plasma concentration of the endocrine disruptor di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in a sheep model.
Di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate inhibit growth and reduce estradiol levels of antral follicles in vitro.
Phthalate exposure and precocious puberty in females.
Prenatal phthalate exposure and reduced masculine play in boys.
Prenatal di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate exposure and length of gestation among an inner-city cohort.
Plasma phthalate levels in pubertal gynecomastia.
Estimated daily intake of phthalates in occupationally exposed groups.
Urinary phthalate metabolites in relation to preterm birth in Mexico city.
Comparative toxicological evaluation of phthalate diesters and metabolites in Sprague-Dawley male rats for risk assessment.
Transcriptional biomarkers of steroidogenesis and trophoblast differentiation in the placenta in relation to prenatal phthalate exposure.
Association between phthalate exposure and glutathione S-transferase M1 polymorphism in adenomyosis, leiomyoma and endometriosis.
Association of exposure to phthalates with endometriosis and uterine leiomyomata: findings from NHANES, 1999-2004.
Relationship between environmental phthalate exposure and the intelligence of school-age children.
Identification of toxicological biomarkers of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in proteins secreted by HepG2 cells using proteomic analysis.
Influence of a five-day vegetarian diet on urinary levels of antibiotics and phthalate metabolites: a pilot study with "Temple Stay" participants.
Investigation of relationships between urinary biomarkers of phytoestrogens, phthalates, and phenols and pubertal stages in girls.
Simultaneous determination of phthalates and adipates in human serum using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry with solid-phase extraction.
Urinary and air phthalate concentrations and self-reported use of personal care products among minority pregnant women in New York city.
Exposure to phthalates and breast cancer risk in northern Mexico.
Determination of five phthalate monoesters in human urine using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Phthalate esters used as plasticizers in packed red blood cell storage bags may lead to progressive toxin exposure and the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines.
Impact of gestational and lactational phthalate exposure on hypothalamic content of amino acid neurotransmitters and FSH secretion in peripubertal male rats.
The individual and combined metabolite profiles (metabolomics) of dibutylphthalate and di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate following a 28-day dietary exposure in rats.
Prenatal exposure to phthalate esters and PAHs and birth outcomes.
Childhood exposure to phthalates: associations with thyroid function, insulin-like growth factor I, and growth.
Associations between urinary metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and reproductive hormones in fertile men.
Phthalates Biomarker Identification and Exposure Estimates in a Population of Pregnant Women.
An estimate of phthalate exposure among pregnant women living in Trujillo, Peru.
Variability over 1 week in the urinary concentrations of metabolites of diethyl phthalate and di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate among eight adults: an observational study.
Biological monitoring of exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in six French factories: a field study.
Correlations between phthalate metabolites in urine, serum, and seminal plasma from young Danish men determined by isotope dilution liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry.
Selecting adequate exposure biomarkers of diisononyl and diisodecyl phthalates: data from the 2005-2006 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Ovotoxicity and PPAR-mediated aromatase downregulation in female Sprague-Dawley rats following combined oral exposure to benzo[a]pyrene and di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate.
Urinary and serum metabolites of di-n-pentyl phthalate in rats.
Exposure patterns of UV filters, fragrances, parabens, phthalates, organochlor pesticides, PBDEs, and PCBs in human milk: correlation of UV filters with use of cosmetics.
Phthalate exposure in pregnant women and their children in central Taiwan.
Rapid determination of urinary di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites based on liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry as a marker for blood transfusion in sports drug testing.
Associations between maternal phthalate exposure and cord sex hormones in human infants.
Increased urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine levels in workers exposed to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in a waste plastic recycling site in China.
Urinary phthalate metabolites in relation to biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress: NHANES 1999-2006.
Exposure to phthalates in 5-6 years old primary school starters in Germany--a human biomonitoring study and a cumulative risk assessment.
In utero exposure to the antiandrogen di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate decreases adrenal aldosterone production in the adult rat.
Occurrence of phthalate metabolites in human urine from several Asian countries.
Phthalates and their metabolites in breast milk--results from the Bavarian Monitoring of Breast Milk (BAMBI).
Urinary excretion of phthalate metabolites in 129 healthy Danish children and adolescents: estimation of daily phthalate intake.
Personal care product use and urinary levels of phthalate metabolites in Mexican women.
Comparative assessment of human exposure to phthalate esters from house dust in China and the United States.
Urinary concentrations of phthalates and phenols in a population of Spanish pregnant women and children.
An association of elevated serum prolactin with phthalate exposure in adult men.
Food packaging and bisphenol A and bis(2-ethyhexyl) phthalate exposure: findings from a dietary intervention.
Phthalate metabolites in urine from China, and implications for human exposures.
Phthalates exposure of Chinese reproductive age couples and its effect on male semen quality, a primary study.
Correlation between exposure to phthalates and concentrations of malondialdehyde in infants and children undergoing cyclic parenteral nutrition.
Phthalate exposures and human health concerns: A review and implications for practice.
Phthalate esters modulate the differentiation and maturation of mouse peripheral blood mononuclear cell-derived dendritic cells.
Exposure to phthalates among premenstrual girls from rural and urban Gharbiah, Egypt: a pilot exposure assessment study.
Exposure to phthalates: reproductive outcome and children health. A review of epidemiological studies.
Urinary concentrations of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites and serum reproductive hormones: pooled analysis of fertile and infertile men.
Circulating levels of bisphenol A and phthalates are related to carotid atherosclerosis in the elderly.
The association between semen quality in workers and the concentration of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in polyvinyl chloride pellet plant air.
Developmental exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate impairs endocrine pancreas and leads to long-term adverse effects on glucose homeostasis in the rat.
Bisphenol-A and phthalates contamination of urine samples by catheters in the Elfe pilot study: implications for large-scale biomonitoring studies.
Foetal exposure to phthalate esters and anogenital distance in male newborns.
Phthalate exposure associated with self-reported diabetes among Mexican women.
Occupational exposure to diisononyl phthalate (DiNP) in polyvinyl chloride processing operations.
Phthalate exposure during cold plastisol application--a human biomonitoring study.
Prenatal exposure to phthalates and infant development at 6 months: prospective Mothers and Children's Environmental Health (MOCEH) study.
Relationship between urinary phthalate and bisphenol A concentrations and serum thyroid measures in U.S. adults and adolescents from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2007-2008.
Study on the interaction of phthalate esters to human serum albumin by steady-state and time-resolved fluorescence and circular dichroism spectroscopy.
Chronic toxicity of diethyl phthalate-A three generation lactational and gestational exposure study on male Wistar rats.
Phthalate metabolites in urine of CF patients are associated with use of enteric-coated pancreatic enzymes.
Progress in the removal of di-[2-ethylhexyl]-phthalate as plasticizer in blood bags.
Effects of di-n-butyl phthalate on male rat reproduction following pubertal exposure.
Prenatal exposure to bisphenol A and phthalates and infant neurobehavior.
Changes in coagulation factor activity and content of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in frozen plasma units during refrigerated storage for up to five days after thawing.
Trends of the internal phthalate exposure of young adults in Germany--follow-up of a retrospective human biomonitoring study.
Maternal prenatal urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations and child mental, psychomotor, and behavioral development at 3 years of age.
Exposure to phthalates and phenols during pregnancy and offspring size at birth.
Circulating levels of bisphenol A (BPA) and phthalates in an elderly population in Sweden, based on the Prospective Investigation of the Vasculature in Uppsala Seniors (PIVUS).
Levels of phthalate metabolites in urine among mother-child-pairs - results from the Duisburg birth cohort study, Germany.
Predicted risk of childhood allergy, asthma, and reported symptoms using measured phthalate exposure in dust and urine.
Identification of di-isononyl phthalate metabolites for exposure marker discovery using in vitro/in vivo metabolism and signal mining strategy with LC-MS data.
Prenatal exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate induces anorectal malformations in male rat offspring.
Pharmacokinetics, metabolism and excretion of 14C-monoethyl phthalate (MEP) and 14C-diethyl phthalate (DEP) after single oral and IV administration in the juvenile dog.
Exploration of oxidative stress and inflammatory markers in relation to urinary phthalate metabolites: NHANES 1999-2006.
Association between pregnancy loss and urinary phthalate levels around the time of conception.
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites as markers for blood transfusion in doping control: intra-individual variability of urinary concentrations.
Different effects by sex on hypothalamic-pituitary axis of prepubertal offspring rats produced by in utero and lactational exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP).
Urinary phthalate monoesters concentration in couples with infertility problems.
Binding of phthalate plasticizers to human serum albumin in vitro: a multispectroscopic approach and molecular modeling.
Associations between phthalate metabolite urinary concentrations and body size measures in New York City children.
Do phthalates affect steroidogenesis by the human fetal testis? Exposure of human fetal testis xenografts to di-n-butyl phthalate.
Antiandrogenic activity of phthalate mixtures: validity of concentration addition.
A comprehensive review of intake estimates of di-isononyl phthalate (DINP) based on indirect exposure models and urinary biomonitoring data.
Identification of potential biomarkers of exposure to di(isononyl)cyclohexane-1,2-dicarboxylate (DINCH), an alternative for phthalate plasticizers.
Variability of urinary phthalate metabolite and bisphenol A concentrations before and during pregnancy.
The role of androgen-induced growth factor (FGF8) on genital tubercle development in a hypospadiac male rat model of prenatal exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate.
A mixture of an environmentally realistic concentration of a phthalate and herbicide reduces testosterone in male fathead minnow (Pimephales promelas) through a novel mechanism of action.
Cumulative risk assessment of phthalate exposure of Danish children and adolescents using the hazard index approach.
Diethyl phthalate enhances apoptosis induced by serum deprivation in PC12 cells.
Urinary phthalate metabolites and their biotransformation products: predictors and temporal variability among men and women.
Associations between circulating levels of bisphenol A and phthalate metabolites and coronary risk in the elderly.
High urinary phthalate concentration associated with delayed pubarche in girls.
Socioeconomic factors and phthalate metabolite concentrations among United States women of reproductive age.
Serum concentrations of phthalate metabolites are related to abdominal fat distribution two years later in elderly women.
Di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate migration from irradiated poly(vinyl chloride) blood bags for graft-vs-host disease prevention.
Circulating levels of phthalate metabolites are associated with prevalent diabetes in the elderly.
Accuracy investigation of phthalate metabolite standards.
Correcting for the influence of sampling conditions on biomarkers of exposure to phenols and phthalates: a 2-step standardization method based on regression residuals.
Exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in premature neonates in a neonatal intensive care unit in Taiwan.
Urinary phthalate excretion in 555 healthy Danish boys with and without pubertal gynaecomastia.
Expressing urine from a gel disposable diaper for biomonitoring using phthalates as an example.
Population variability of phthalate metabolites and bisphenol A concentrations in spot urine samples versus 24- or 48-h collections.
Maternal exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate alters kidney development through the renin-angiotensin system in offspring.
Occurrence and profiles of phthalates in foodstuffs from China and their implications for human exposure.
Prenatal exposure to butylbenzyl phthalate and early eczema in an urban cohort.
Consumer product exposures associated with urinary phthalate levels in pregnant women.
Exposure to brominated flame retardants, perfluorinated compounds, phthalates and phenols in European birth cohorts: ENRIECO evaluation, first human biomonitoring results, and recommendations.
Urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations and diabetes among women in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2001-2008.
Phthalate excretion pattern and testicular function: a study of 881 healthy Danish men.
Mycelial fungi completely remediate di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate, the hazardous plasticizer in PVC blood storage bag.
Simultaneous determination of multiple phthalate metabolites and bisphenol-A in human urine by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Children's urinary phthalate metabolites and fractional exhaled nitric oxide in an urban cohort.
Kinetics of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in blood and of DEHP metabolites in urine of male volunteers after single ingestion of ring-deuterated DEHP.
Urine phthalate concentrations are higher in people with stroke: United States National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHANES), 2001-2004.
Di-(2-ethylhcxyl) phthalate reduces progesterone levels and induces apoptosis of ovarian granulosa cell in adult female ICR mice.
Analytical method for the sensitive determination of major di-(2-propylheptyl)-phthalate metabolites in human urine.
Determination of five di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate metabolites in urine by UPLC-MS/MS, markers of blood transfusion misuse in sports.
Non-monotonic dose effects of in utero exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) on testicular and serum testosterone and anogenital distance in male mouse fetuses.
Determination of Di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) metabolites in human hair using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Modeling Human Exposure to Phthalate Esters: A Comparison of Indirect and Biomonitoring Estimation Methods.
Assessment of adult human exposure to phthalate esters in the urban centre of Paris (France).
Maternal in utero exposure to the endocrine disruptor di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate affects the blood pressure of adult male offspring.
Women's exposure to phthalates in relation to use of personal care products.
Estimates of daily di-isodecyl phthalate (DIDP) intake calculated from urinary biomonitoring data.
Human elimination of phthalate compounds: blood, urine, and sweat (BUS) study.
Temporal variability in urinary phthalate metabolite excretion based on spot, morning, and 24-h urine samples: considerations for epidemiological studies.
Influence of genetic polymorphisms on the association between phthalate exposure and pulmonary function in the elderly.
Urinary metabolite concentrations of phthalate metabolites in Central Italy healthy volunteers determined by a validated HPLC/MS/MS analytical method.
Brief maternal exposure of rats to the xenobiotics dibutyl phthalate or diethylstilbestrol alters adult-type Leydig cell development in male offspring.
Medications as a potential source of exposure to phthalates among women of childbearing age.
Exposure assessment of phthalates in French pregnant women: results of the ELFE pilot study.
Antiandrogenic effect of perinatal exposure to the endocrine disruptor di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate increases anxiety-like behavior in male rats during sexual maturation.
Biomonitoring of urinary di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites of mother and child pairs in South Korea.
Phthalate exposure and children's health.
Rapid and sensitive analysis of phthalate metabolites, bisphenol A, and endogenous steroid hormones in human urine by mixed-mode solid-phase extraction, dansylation, and ultra-performance liquid chromatography coupled with triple quadrupole mass spectrometry.
Urinary phthalate metabolites are associated with body mass index and waist circumference in Chinese school children.
Unexpected results in a randomized dietary trial to reduce phthalate and bisphenol A exposures.
Magnetic solid-phase extraction based on magnetic multi-walled carbon nanotubes for the determination of phthalate monoesters in urine samples.
Children's phthalate intakes and resultant cumulative exposures estimated from urine compared with estimates from dust ingestion, inhalation and dermal absorption in their homes and daycare centers.
Exposure to phthalic acid, phthalate diesters and phthalate monoesters from foodstuffs: UK total diet study results.
Direct analysis of phthalate ester biomarkers in urine without preconcentration: method validation and monitoring.
Disruption of reproductive development in male rat offspring following gestational and lactational exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and genistein.
Prenatal exposure to phthalates is associated with decreased anogenital distance and penile size in male newborns.
Determination des metabolites monoester de butylbenzyl-phthalate (bbp) par gcms dans les urines de personnes exposees: analysis of the monoester metabolites of butylbenzyl phthalate by gc-ms in urine of exposed workers.
