The amount of a phthalate plasticizer on the surface of a sheet of polyvinyl chloride used in the fabrication of blood storage bags was quantified using attenuated total reflectance spectroscopy, water contact angle measurement, and weight loss due to methanol extraction. Water wettability increased as the amount of surface phthalate extracted by methanol increased, which indicates that the accumulation of phthalate on the surface increases hydrophobicity. The extraction of phthalate by methanol consists of two steps: (a) methanol first dissolves surface phthalate, and (b) phthalate in the bulk then diffuses through the surface. The adsorption of plasma proteins was investigated to determine the initial events as blood contacts the surface. The composition of adsorbed proteins on the methanol-cleansed surface differs from that on the uncleansed polyvinyl chloride surface. Albumin adsorption onto phthalate-contaminated surfaces is less than on cleansed surfaces while adsorption of gamma-globulin and fibrinogen is greater on phthalate-contaminated surfaces. Protein adsorption can be related to surface thrombus formation. Increases in platelet numbers appeared on phthalate-contaminated surfaces as compared with methanol-treated surfaces. A phthalate may enhance platelet adhesion and aggregation when it exists on a polymer surface.
Di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP), the most frequently occurring plasticiser in medical equipment manufactured from polymers of vinyl chloride, forms about 40% w/w of tubes and containers used for storing blood and for haemodialysis. The plasticiser leaches out into liquids with lipid contents, although it is very sparingly soluble in purely aqueous solutions. On infusion of 2-3 1 of stored blood, up to 200 mg DEHP may be transferred to the patient, while much higher quantities may be given during dialysis, which is moreover often repeated frequently over long periods. The acute toxicity of DEHP is very low (greater than 20 g/kg as LD50 in rats), and the ester is rapidly metabolised to products which are excreted in the urine and bile; chronic toxicity from the levels of dosage obtaining is thus very improbable. Carcenogenicity has never been demonstrable in animals, while teratological effects are of a very low order. Serious acute results observed after transfusion of neonates have not been proved to be caused by DEHP, and might be ascribable to accompanying foreign substances. Atheroma in chronic dialysis subjects is still unexplained, but hepatitis probably caused by diethylphthalate from plastic was resolved when apparatus plasticised by DEHP alone was substituted. The benefits of DEHP appear vastly to outweigh any risks. The status of DEHP as environmental contaminant is noted.
Plasma DEHP concentrations were measured weekly in whole blood and red cell concentrates (RCC) during 21 days of storage in standard CPD within PL-130 blood bags. In addition, DEHP and MEHP accumulation patterns were investigated in blood stored for 42 days in modified CPD with adenine within PL-146 and BB-69 storage containers. Total per-unit plasma DEHP of RCC units was 49 to 71 per cent of the total in plasma of whole blood units (PL-130). From 28 to 42 days, mean DEHP levels were 12 to 19 per cent higher in whole blood stored in PL-146 than in BB-69. Although MEHP was not found in any blood bag plastic, MEHP accumulated in plasma during whole blood storage. MEHP concentrations were 2.8 to 3.8 times higher in plasma stored in BB-69 than in PL-146. It is postulated that MEHP arises from hydrolysis of DEHP by plasma lipase, even in frozen plasma sample, and that the rate of this reaction is influenced by blood bag plastic surface characteristics.
The effect of various phthalate esters on the lecithin/cholesterol acyltransferase activity in man was studied in vitro. The enzymatic activity was strongly reduced with all phthalates except for the dimethyl phthalate. The inhibition rate depends on the phthalate concentration and also on the carbon number of the alkyl groups of phthalates.
A higher percentage of di-N-2 propylpentyl phthalate isolated from the urine of the normals and a lower quantity in the patients suffering from Eales' disease accompanied with the occurrence in patients of another compound which is also most likely a phthalate ester has been correlated with the Eales' disease.
We report a radioimmunoassay for mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate that has been coupled to a protein carrier as a radioligand. Competitive interference tests with a variety of related compounds indicated the assay to be highly specific. Quantitative comparison of mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate values in plasma and serum samples between the radioimmunoassay and gas chromatographic procedures indicated a high reliability. Because this potentially toxic compound can leach into plasma from polyvinyl plastics, this assay should be particularly useful for those involved in the manufacture or use of medical devices made of them.
Bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate is extracted from artificial kidneys, both in vivo and in vitro. Perfusion of whole blood through arterial-,venous tubing (that supplied with the dialyzer) for 1 h in vitro yielded 3.23 mg of the compound, while similar perfusion of the tubing plus the artificial kidney yielded 6.10 mg. Its mean concentration after dialysis in patients undergoing hemodialysis was 751 microgram/liter of serum. Patients who had undergone more than 50 hemodialysis treatments showed significantly higher postdialysis concentrations than patients who had undergone fewer. Uptake of bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate by the blood during a dialysis session followed two patterns. One set of patients showed a maximum concentration at 3 h, the second set showed a steady increase until the end of dialysis. Bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate appeared to be rapidly cleared from blood, most being removed within 5 to 7 h of completion of dialysis.
The formation of mono(ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP) from di(ethylhexyl)phthalate in human plasma stored in bags of polyvinylchloride has been studied. Substantial amounts were formed and in ten bags from 4 to 56microgram/ml were found. After 2 weeks at room temperature the concentration of MEHP had increased to values between 27 and 79 microgram/ml. However, MEHP was also disappearing as shown in a recovery experiment. Of the fractionated proteins albumin contained MEHP in amounts from less than 3 to 290 microgram/g.
Accumulation of phthalate plasticizer (di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, DEHP) was markedly reduced in blood stored as packed cells rather than as whole blood. After the first week, the accumulation rate in whole blood was essentially linear, but in packed cells DEHP accumulation was lower, and reached a plateau. At three weeks whole blood contained about three times more DEHP than did packed cells. Smaller amounts of plasma and restricted diffusion probably limited DEHP accumulation in packed cell preparations.
Plasma pools, prepared from time-expired blood stored in plastic packs, were analysed for DEHP content and levels ranging from 0.78 to 7.42 mh DEHP/100 ml plasma obtained. The DEHP content of the Cohn fractions prepared from such plasma pools was estimated. Only very low levels of DEHP were found in the four therapeutically useful fractions and high levels in the discard fractions III and IV.
A rapid sensitive technique was developed for the analysis of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) in plasma stored in plastic bags by using high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) with UV detection and a Hypersil ODS column. The compound was easily and efficiently extracted with a mixture of sodium hydroxide and acetonitrile, which allowed the deproteinization of plasma samples. The recovery was greater than 95% and the intra- and inter-assay coefficients of variation were better than 6.5%. The results obtained showed that the amount of DEHP accumulated in plasma varied according to different parameters and depended on the storage conditions (time, temperature and shaking) and also on the lipid content of the stored plasma and the sterilization process of the PVC bags.
Four metabolites of the rat liver carcinogen di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) (mono-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate, mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate, mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate, and mono-(5-carboxy-2-ethylpentyl)phthalate) and 3 structurally related derivatives of di(2-ethylhexyl)adipate (DEHA) (mono-(2-ethylhexyl)adipate, mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)adipate, and mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)adipate) were tested for mutagenicity in the Ames assay using Salmonella typhimurium strains TA97, TA98, TA100, and TA102, with and without a metabolic activation preparation. Aroclor 1254-induced rat liver S9 and DEHP-induced rat liver S9 were used. Concentrations of these compounds up to 1000 micrograms/plate were negative with all tester strains in the presence or absence of metabolic activation.
In order to identify non-invasive, biochemical indicators of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) exposure, we have compared the effects in blood serum with biochemical effects in liver in rats fed a diet containing 0, 0.25, 0.75 and 2% DEHP for 2 weeks. After 3 days of treatment serum arylesterase activity levels and serum triglycerides were decreased to 60% and 20% of control values, respectively. After a 2-week treatment with DEHP the effects were generally stronger. Compared to a control group, serum arylesterase activity levels, serum triglycerides and serum cholesterol were decreased to 40%, 20% and 50%, respectively. Serum cholinesterase activity levels and serum albumin concentrations were increased by the DEHP treatment to 290% and 135% of control values, respectively. In the livers a hepatomegaly, an induction of cytochrome P-450 IVA1 and induction of the activity of palmitoyl-CoA oxidase and carnitine acetyl-CoA transferase was found to be 180%, 1080%, 1300% and 1700% of control values, respectively. The liver is a more sensitive target for DEHP exposure compared to the biochemical effects in serum, but determination of the serum parameters can be used to determine early biological effects of exposure to DEHP.
The protein kinase activity of isolated plasma membranes from the livers of rats treated with three promoting regimens was examined using both exogenous proteins and endogenous plasma membrane proteins as substrates. Male rats first received either an initiating dose (30 mg/kg) of the hepatocarcinogen diethylnitrosamine or the 0.9% NaCl solution vehicle by i.p. injection at 18 h following partial hepatectomy. Ten days later, the three promoting regimens were begun. These consisted of 10 weeks of treatment with either (a) a choline-deficient (CD) diet, (b) a choline-supplemented (CS) diet containing 0.06% phenobarbital (PHB) (CS plus PHB), or (c) a CD diet containing 0.06% PHB (CD plus PHB). In addition, two other groups of rats received either (a) a CS diet containing 2% di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) (CS plus DEHP) or (b) a CD diet containing 2% DEHP (CD plus DEHP). DEHP is a widely used plasticizer and environmental contaminant which we have shown previously inhibits the development of putative preneoplastic gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT) positive foci in rat liver. Total liver plasma membrane protein kinase activity using both protamine sulfate and histone was cyclic adenosine 3':5'-monophosphate independent and did not appear to be a marker of promotion. Its activity was increased by both DEHP which suppresses the development of GGT positive foci and a CD diet which promotes the appearance of GGT positive foci. The CD, CS plus PHB, and CD plus PHB dietary regimens, which promote the appearance of GGT positive foci, induced the phosphorylation of a Mr 40,000 plasma membrane protein in vitro by endogenous protein kinases. Plasma membranes from DEHP-treated rats did not demonstrate phosphorylation of this Mr 40,000 protein. DEHP dietary treatment also blocked the ability of epidermal growth factor to enhance the phosphorylation of its Mr 175,000 receptor protein in isolated liver plasma membranes. These results suggest that the phosphorylation of a Mr 40,000 plasma membrane protein may be important to the early promotional phase of liver carcinogenesis, and that one mechanism by which DEHP inhibits the emergence of GGT positive foci may be by blocking the response of initiated cells to stimulation by epidermal growth factor.
Androgen binding protein (ABP), produced by Sertoli cells and released into seminiferous tubules and blood, was measured in the serum of di-n-pentyl phthalate (DPP)-treated rats as a potential index of germinal epithelial damage. A single oral dose of DPP (0, 0.25, 1.0, or 2.0 g/kg body wt in corn oil) was given to four groups of 110 Fischer 344 rats; 10 rats per group were killed weekly for 10 weeks. Effects of treatment on serum ABP were then compared with effects on other reproductive endpoints. Treatment did not produce any significant effect on body weight or weights of liver, kidney, prostate, and seminal vesicles. In high-dose rats, serum ABP values more than doubled 2 days after injection, remained significantly elevated for 3 weeks, then fell and remained significantly below control values from Week 4 through Week 10. Accordingly, 95% of the rats in this group showed greater than 50% of the seminiferous tubules degenerated, decreased epididymal sperm density, reduced testicular and epididymal weights, and up to 97% morphologically abnormal sperm. In medium-dose rats, serum ABP increased up to 48% during the first week, returned to control values by Week 2, and remained at control levels thereafter. Of these rats, 20% showed 20-50% degenerated tubules, decreased sperm density, reduced testicular and epididymal weights (which were not always statistically significant), and up to 23% abnormal sperm morphology. In low-dose rats, serum ABP levels were similar to those of controls, and the other parameters, except sperm density, also remained unchanged. To examine the effects of DPP on fertility, a second group of rats was exposed in an identical manner [gavaged once with DPP in corn oil (0, 0.25, 1.0, and 2.0 g/kg body wt)], then mated to untreated females at 3, 6, and 10 weeks postexposure. DPP at 2 (but not 1.0 or 0.25) g/kg caused a significant reduction in pregnancies and live pups and a significant increase in preimplantation loss. Histopathology of the testis in the first experiment suggested a very slow recovery. Therefore, controls and high-dose rats in the mating trial were killed 14, 18, and 30 weeks after dosing and the germinal epithelium was evaluated histologically. All high-dose animals showed testicular lesions typical of phthalate ester exposure and the epithelium did not recover within 30 weeks.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Plastic bags are very useful containers for the storage of blood and blood products since they are relatively transparent, hard to break, can be sealed aseptically with a radio-frequency current, and can be centrifuged for the isolation of blood components. In order to make the plastic more flexible, various agents are added, of which the most common is di- (2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP). This plasticizer has been found to leach from the plastic into the blood components during the storage period. Some animal studies have shown that this chemical can produce cancers and various tissue abnormalities. The human data from multi-transfused patients do not clearly indicate any specific damage: however, because of the animal studies, work has been carried out to find a non-leachable plasticizer. Several have been found: unfortunately, when survival studies are done, the red cell life span of the stored blood is decreased. Current work seems to indicate that DEHP has a membrane stabilizing function that prolongs the storage time of the red cell. Therefore, there currently is a trade off between plasticizer presence and red cell life span that must be considered when designing new blood storage bags.
In order to impart flexibility, plastic medical devices incorporate liquid plasticizers into their structure. Data from several laboratories, including ours, have shown that these compounds leach from blood bags and tubing during collection of blood, storage of various blood components and during kidney dialysis and cell and plasma apheresis procedures. After the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate leaches from poly(vinyl chloride) blood packs, it is converted by a plasma enzyme to a more toxic metabolite, mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate. Blood fractionation products from outdated plasma contain mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, the highest level being found in normal serum albumin. Recently, we have reported that di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate actually binds to the red blood cell membrane and reduces its osmotic fragility. Current methods of red cells storage, which permit utilization up to 35 days after collection, are not possible without this membrane stabilization. Platelets are now stored for 5 days in the Fenwal PL 732 polyolefin bag. Although stated to be essentially free of liquid plasticizers, a significant level of leaching from this bag into the extracts of stored platelet concentrates was observed.
Pretreatment for the determination of phthalic acid, mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) and di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) in human serum or plasma, and the determination of these compounds in blood products by high-performance liquid chromatography was studied. The amount of phthalic acid, MEHP and DEHP, migrated into blood products from a flexible bag, was studied. About 0.1% of DEHP in a flexible bag was found to have migrated into human platelet plasma. Most of the MEHP and phthalic acid detected in human platelet plasma was not derived from the flexible bag but was produced by enzymatic hydrolysis of the migrated DEHP. The amount of DEHP eluted into blood products from the flexible bag differed, depending upon storage time, storage temperature, etc.
The exposure of newborn infants to the plasticizer di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and its primary metabolite mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) was studied during exchange transfusions by measuring their contents in the infused blood. Plasma concentrations of DEHP and MEHP in the blood withdrawn from the infants during the transfusions also were determined. The amounts of DEHP and MEHP inadvertently infused varied from 1.7 to 4.2 and 0.2 to 0.7 mg per kg body weight, respectively. Immediately after the transfusions, the plasma levels of DEHP in the individual infants varied between 3.4 and 11.1 micrograms per ml. MEHP in the corresponding samples ranged from 2.4 to 15.1 micrograms per ml. Judging from plasma concentrations of DEHP and MEHP during and after transfusion, there was no gradual accumulation of these substances in the plasma during the course of the transfusion. In the two infants who underwent a second exchange transfusion, significant levels of phthalates were found at 16 and 23 hours, respectively, after the first transfusion. Plasma concentrations of DEHP in these infants declined at a faster rate than those of MEHP, thus pointing to the importance of examining the pharmacokinetics of this potentially toxic metabolite.
Although it has been estimated that over 600 000 workers in the United States are exposed to di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP), an animal carcinogen, and that over 100 000 are exposed to phthalic anhydride (PA), few data are available on levels of phthalates in biological fluids of these workers. For a determination of occupational exposure to PA and DEHP at a plant manufacturing DEHP from PA and 2-ethylhexanol, air samples were taken for PA and DEHP, and pre- and postshift urine samples were collected for the determination of total phthalates. Urine samples were obtained from 48 workers in jobs with high exposure to phthalates and from 47 workers in jobs with low exposure. The airborne concentrations of DEHP ranged from 20 to 4 110 micrograms/m3, and the concentrations of PA ranged from 4 to 203 micrograms/m3. The most heavily exposed workers had the highest mean postshift urine phthalate concentration (geometric mean 7.6 nmol/ml) (p = 0.015), and also the greatest mean increase (4.4 nmol/ml) in preshift to postshift urine phthalate levels. Twofold increases over the shift in urine phthalate concentration and postshift phthalate levels of greater than 10 nmol/ml were observed in 8 (25%) of 32 chemical operators, but in none of 52 other workers. These data suggest that measurement of urine phthalate levels may have utility for monitoring the exposure of workers manufacturing or using PA.
The metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) found in urine from African Green monkeys after intravenous administration of the 14C-labeled parent compound were isolated and identified. Criteria of identification included cochromatography with rat-derived standards on direct-phase HPLC and a variety of gas-chromatographic columns, as well as correspondence of mass spectra (70-eV electron impact and methane positive chemical ionization) with those of known standards. Approximately 80% of the urinary metabolites were excreted in the form of glucuronide conjugates. This is analogous to what has been reported for the urinary metabolites of DEHP from humans, but in clear contrast to the metabolites found in rat urine. Rat urinary metabolites of DEHP are excreted unconjugated, and consist primarily of derivatives more highly oxidized than the major metabolites produced by monkey or human. It is suggested that the African Green monkey may be a better model for human metabolism of DEHP than is the rat.
A high-performance liquid chromatographic method for the direct analysis of the urinary metabolites of di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) is described. In both rats and hamsters the major urinary metabolite found after treatment with either DBP or mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP) was MBP glucuronide and not MBP as previously reported. The levels of unconjugated MBP in the urine of animals treated with DBP or MBP were three- to fourfold higher in the rat than in the hamster. However, intestinal esterase activities were comparable in the two species, whereas the activities of testicular beta-glucuronidase were significantly higher in rats compared to hamsters. It is possible that the differences in the concentration of free MBP, a substance known to produce testicular damage directly in the rat in vitro, may account for the lack of injury seen in hamsters after oral treatment with either DBP or MBP.
Dietary administration of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP; 2%) to male rats caused testicular atrophy. Serum non-esterified fatty acid increased while cholesterol, triglyceride and phospholipid decreased in treated rats. Testicular concentration of cholesterol and non-esterified fatty acid increased in DEHP-treated rats. Fatty acid composition of phospholipid and triglyceride were also changed. These changes were similar to those in rats fed a zinc(Zn)-deficient diet.
Di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) accumulates in blood brought into contact with materials utilizing this compound as a plasticizer. To determine whether this phthalate diester affects red blood cell integrity, we have compared cell morphology, plasma hemoglobin accumulation, micro-vesicle production, and the concentration of intracellular metabolites and electrolytes of erythrocytes from blood stored at 4 degrees C with and without DEHP. When sufficient emulsified DEHP was mixed with blood to give a final concentration of 300 micrograms/mL, plasma hemoglobin accumulation was reduced by an average of 70%, the percentage of cells exhibiting normal morphology was enhanced by at least 20-fold, and the volume of microvesicles released from red blood cells was reduced by 50% after 35 days of refrigerated storage compared to the values obtained from corresponding samples stored without added phthalate. Similar effects were observed regardless of whether blood was stored in nonplasticized polypropylene or tri-(2-ethylhexyl) trimellitate plasticized polyvinylchloride containers and with DEHP solubilized by a variety of emulsifiers. When 300 micrograms/mL DEHP was added to stored blood containing erythrocytes predominantly in the echinocyte conformation, many of the cells reverted to the normal discoid morphology. The addition of this quantity of DEHP to blood had no significant effect on the course of storage-induced changes in erythrocyte adenosine triphosphate (ATP), 2,3-diphosphoglycerate (2,3-DPG), sodium or potassium concentrations. The data are consistent with the hypothesis that DEHP inhibits the deterioration of the red blood cell membrane that results from the refrigerated storage of whole blood.
A high-performance liquid chromatographic procedure was developed for the determination of di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) concentrations in human whole blood samples. The solvent extraction of DEHP was found to be highly variable between samples obtained from different subjects (coefficient of variation of 30.4%). The recovery of DEHP following extraction with ethyl acetate was negatively correlated with serum lipid content, as expressed by the sum of serum cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations (r = -0.864). The technique of standard addition of DEHP allowed a single-point calibration of DEHP extractability in individual blood samples, and provided an accurate estimation of DEHP concentration (coefficient of variation of approximately 6% in replicate samples). The potential for intersample variability in the solvent extraction of other highly lipid-soluble compounds should be considered.
Di-(5-hexenyl)- and di-(9-decenyl) phthalates were administered to male CD rats by gavage. The urinary metabolites retaining the phthalate moiety were identified by chromatographic and mass-spectrometric techniques. Di-(5-hexenyl) phthalate gave rise to epoxide and vicinal diol metabolites not previously seen with phthalic acid esters of saturated alcohols. Neither epoxide nor diol were detected when di-(9-decenyl) phthalate was fed. The distributions of carboxyl-terminated metabolites suggested that somewhat different pathways were followed for the two test compounds. The formation of epoxides from these unsaturated phthalate esters may have relevance to their potential toxicities. Like the metabolites of di-n-butyl phthalate, the metabolites of di-(5-hexenyl) phthalate included glucuronide conjugates; like the metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, those of di-(9-decenyl) phthalate did not.
Dietary administration of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP, 2% in diet) for 1 week to young male Wistar rats was found to cause testicular atrophy. Zinc (Zn) concentration in the testis and liver of DEHP-treated rats was lower than that in controls. Vitamin A concentration in serum and testis was increased in DEHP-treated rats. These results suggest that testicular atrophy induced by DEHP was not due to dietary or intrinsic vitamin A deficiency.
Platelets storage in glow discharge treated PVC bags was studied. The amount of leaked di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) was 150-200 micrograms/ml/day in the nontreated PVC bags, but only 20-40 micrograms/ml in the treated bags after 48 h. The adhesion of silicone to PVC was much improved, and consequently, uniform coating with silicone became feasible. The decrease of the ability of platelets to aggregate was accelerated by DEHP. When stored platelets were resuspended in fresh plasma, the ability to aggregate was gradually restored. However, the degree of restoration of the ability of platelets which had been incubated with DEHP was low. When platelets were stored in the glow discharge treated and then silicone-coated PVC bags, their adhesion on the surface and the decrease of their function were prevented.
Dimethylphthalate (DMP), dibutylphthalate (DBP) and di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) were given i.p. (3.8 mM/kg) to Sprague Dawley rats for 5 days. DBP increased significantly the liver concentration of cytochrome P-450, but decreased the lung concentration by about 40%. DBP decreased the lung concentration of cytochrome b5 and NADPH-cytochrome-c-reductase activity by about 30%. Only minor effects were seen after treatment with DMP and DEHP. The direction of B(a)P metabolism was changed and the formation of 2- and 3-hexanol metabolites were increased in liver microsomes after DBP treatment. All phthalate esters decreased the lung metabolism of B(a)P. The cytochrome P-450 enzyme system in the lung was ten times more effective than that in the liver as far as metabolism of n-hexane was concerned. Only minor effects were observed in serum enzyme activities, but a significant decrease in the serum level of albumin was observed after treatment with DBP. No relationship was found between the carbon chain length of the investigated chemicals and effects on microsomal enzymatic activities.
Free, glycine-conjugated, and glucuronide-conjugated metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate may be stripped from urine with XAD-2 resin, derivatized, and quantitatively analyzed by liquid chromatography on a nitrile column with UV and/or radioactivity monitors. One class of metabolites requires reversed-phase chromatography or gas-liquid chromatography for its resolution. Relative molar responses of the hydrogen flame-ionization detector to these metabolites have been determined. Packed gas chromatography columns (OV-3, OV-210, cyclohexanedimethanol succinate) and fused-silica capillary columns (SP2100 and FFAP) are useful for quantitative analysis under appropriate conditions. The simplest gas chromatographic procedure permitting complete quantitative analysis requires hydrolysis of conjugates, formation of methyl esters of carboxyl groups, butyration of hydroxyl groups and chromatography on OV-3. Typical distributions of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites in urine from mice, hamsters, and guinea pigs are presented.
The effects of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) on hepatic function and histology were evaluated in the rhesus monkey undergoing platelet and plasma transfusion. The average cumulative amount infused in one year is comparable to that received by patients who undergo chronic transfusion. Abnormalities in hepatic scan and BSP kinetics persisted for up to 26 months after transfusion, as did histologic abnormalities. Patients undergoing maintenance hemodialysis receive a yearly dose of DEHP which is 10-20 times that which produced hepatotoxicity in the transfused rhesus.
Plasma di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP), which accumulates during blood storage in plastic bags, gives rise to plasma mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP). This also in plasma samples awaiting analysis, which are no longer stored in plastic bags. Heating plasma samples at 60 C for 25 to 30 minutes in a water bath effectively halts conversion of DEHP to MEHP during subsequent room temperature storage for at least 100 hours. This result is consistent with the view that MEHP accumulation in plasma is due to enzymatic hydrolysis of DEHP by esterase (s) which can be heat-inactivated.
Blood fractionation products obtained from three different manufacturers were analyzed to determine if either mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP) or di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) were contaminants of any of the fractionated proteins. The only protein fraction to contain DEHP was factor IX (23 micrograms/ml) from one company. However, MEHP was detected in low levels in several of the 5% normal serum albumin, 5% plasma protein fraction, factor VIII and factor IX samples. 25% normal serum albumin contained the highest level of MEHP with concentrations of up to 300 micrograms/ml (40% of the plasma level) depending on the sample. Attempts to remove MEHP using dialysis or ultrafiltration were unsuccessful and indicated a close association of the MEHP with albumin. There was a definite correlation between storage and transportation conditions and the level of MEHP in both plasma and 25% normal serum albumin. The highest levels of this phthalate acid ester were found in the products made from the plasma which had been shipped at ambient temperature. Contrary to published data, storage of plasma at -30 degrees C for up to 6 months prevented the accumulation of MEHP.
Evaluation of the effect of the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) has been carried out on the properties of blood compatibility of plasticized poly(vinyl chloride) (PVC) through an in vitro registering of the amount of total protein in relation to the amount of DEHP. The influence of DEHP on the properties of blood compatibility has also been evaluated in vivo by tracing through a modified method of Gott (LV Gott and A Feruse, Bull NY Acad Med 1972; 48(2): 482-491) the presence of a thrombus and the patency of tubes made from the material tested, as well as the patency of tubes made from the same material having surfaces coated with paraffin and complexone. For all implanted samples the changes in coagulation time and the amount of haemoglobin after their stay inside a blood vessel in the abdominal cavity of a dog have been registered.
Rats were exposed through their diet to clofibrate, di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate or probucol for 6 weeks and the levels of ubiquinone (UQ), cholesterol and dolichol were monitored in liver, muscle, heart, brain and blood. The levels of UQ-9 and -10 were increased by clofibrate and, in particular by phthalate administration. With the latter agent this increase in liver was fourfold, in muscle was twofold and levels in the heart and blood increased by 20%, whereas there was no change in the brain. Probucol led to a moderate decrease in the level of UQ in liver, muscle and blood, but not in heart or brain. The extent of reduction of UQ was not modified by any of the treatments employed. Probucol did not have any effect on tissue or blood cholesterol levels, whereas clofibrate or phthalate elicited a variable response, including both increases and decreases depending on the tissue analyzed. Phthalate treatment increased the dolichol content to some extent in all tissues and in blood, but the level of this lipid was not modified upon clofibrate or probucol treatment. These results demonstrate that tissue and blood levels of UQ can be increased by exposure to appropriate chemical agents without elevating the concentration of cholesterol.
Little is known about occupational exposure to the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (CAS number 117-81-7), a compound widely used in polyvinylchloride (PVC) plastics. We have studied the uptake of DEHP in workers by determining the concentrations of four metabolites of DEHP in urine samples, i.e., mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP), mono(5-carboxy-2-ethylpentyl)phthalate, mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate, and mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate. In addition DEHP concentrations in the air were determined by personal air sampling. Nine workers in a PVC boot factory exposed to a maximum of 1.2 mg/m3 DEHP showed an increase in the urinary concentrations of all four metabolites over the workshift. These results were obtained on both the first and the last day of the workweek. With the exception of MEHP, the increases in the concentrations of the metabolites during a workday were statistically significant. Six workers from a PVC cable factory exposed to a maximum of 1.2 mg/m3 DEHP showed a one- to fourfold increase in the concentrations of the four metabolites over the workshift, but these increases were not statistically significant. These results indicate that measurement of DEHP metabolites in urine samples may be of use for monitoring the occupational exposure to DEHP.
Infants in the neonatal intensive care unit are regularly exposed to the plasticizer di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (DEHP) following exchange transfusion or extracorporeal membrane oxygenation. Whether such exposure leads to increased morbidity is not known, although elevated levels of DEHP have been associated with necrotizing enterocolitis and cholestasis. The hypothesis that infants undergoing exchange transfusion are exposed to toxic levels of DEHP and the presumed metabolite 2-ethylhexanoic acid (EHXA) was tested by measuring serum levels of DEHP in 16 newborn infants (gas-liquid-chromatography) and urine concentrations of EHXA in 6 of these infants (gas chromatography-mass spectrometry). DEHP levels were undetectable (< 1 microgram/mL) before exchange but ranged from 6.1 to 21.6 micrograms per mL of serum (average, 12.5 +/- 6.2 micrograms/mL) after a single exchange transfusion. DEHP uptake did not result in cholestasis. EHXA peak levels were 127 to 416 ng per mL of urine, with a median of 174 ng per mL. Concentrations of EHXA were lower than anticipated, which indicates that EHXA is not a major metabolite in the neonatal infant.
Red cell antigen stability studies were performed to evaluate whether the storage of red cells in plastic segments made up of a new non-di-2(ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP)-plasticized material resulted in poststorage antigenic reactivity different from that seen in segments made from DEHP-containing plastic. Serial 1-in-2 dilutions of commercially available antisera were prepared and tested by using stored red cells obtained from segments on Days 0, 28, 42, and, in some instances, 49. Antigenic determinants tested included A, B, D, c, K, Le(a), Fya, Jka, M, and P1. To minimize variability, the same reagent lots were used throughout each study, and the same technologists performed the assays in each laboratory. No significant differences in titration scores were seen when cells stored in segments made of the test plastic were compared with cells obtained from the same donor and stored for the same length of time in segments made of control plastic. In addition, plasma coagulation factor stability was studied in fresh-frozen plasma and cryoprecipitate stored for up to 1 year in the non-DEHP-plasticized plastic containers. No significant differences were seen in prothrombin time, activated partial thromboplastin time, fibrinogen content, or factor V, VII, VIII, IX, or X activity as compared with plasma stored for equal periods of time in control plastic containers. It is concluded that the test plastic does not adversely affect red cell antigenic reactivity or plasma coagulation factor stability and that it is suitable for use in clinical transfusion practice.
This study reports changes in levels of ferritin, haemoglobin and transferrin in the bone marrow, liver and spleen as an attempt to determine the causes of testicular iron depletion. A single oral dose of di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) to male rats caused a sloughing of the germ cells (at 6 h) prior to testicular atrophy. Before the sloughing it was observed that DBP induced decreases both in the iron levels in the blood, bone marrow and testis and in haemoglobin (Hb) levels in the blood, bone marrow and spleen. Decrease in transferrin (Tf) levels was observed in the liver. Significant increases in ferritin and haemosiderin (Hs) levels were observed in the spleen and in the liver and spleen, respectively. In vitro studies where mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP) was incubated with liver homogenates, MBP caused both the decreases in Hb and Tf-bound iron levels and increases in Hs and Hs-iron levels. The present study proposes that the mechanism of testicular atrophy by DBP might be associated with both the iron release from Hb and/or Tf in the liver and spleen and the subsequent depletion of iron in the blood and testes.
We have reported that di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) caused the depletion of circulating iron, characterized by the release of iron from both haemoglobin (Hb) and transferrin (Tf). The present study investigated whether the erythrocytes from DBP-treated rats were destroyed by nonparenchymal liver cells (NPC, including Kupffer cells) or spleen cells (SC). In the in vivo study, there were observed depletions of Hb in the blood and of iron in the hepatic Tf fraction, as well as an accumulation of iron in the hepatic hemosiderin (Hs) and splenic Tf fractions. In the in vitro study, mono-butyl phthalate (MBP), a metabolite of DBP, caused a depletion of iron in the plasma Tf, although a direct release of iron from Tf was not detectable. When erythrocytes from DBP-treated rats and erythrocytes preincubated with MBP both were incubated with NPC, respectively, the Hb was decomposed and the iron also accumulated in the cell debris. However, when the two kinds of erythrocytes were incubated with SC, respectively, no decomposition of Hb was observed at low and medium doses, but the highest dose induced an accumulation of iron to Tf. Therefore, the NPC may contribute in part to the decomposition of DBP- or MBP-affected erythrocytes.
Mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP), the primary metabolite of the plasticizer bis(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP), was given to guinea pigs and mice and the methods for the isolation, separation and analysis of its metabolites in urine were developed. Following solid-phase extraction with octadecylsilane-bonded silica, individual metabolites were purified and separated using a combination of ion-exchange chromatography on lipophilic gels and reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography. Analysis of intact conjugates, as well as nonconjugated metabolites, was performed by fast atom bombardment mass spectrometry (FAB-MS) and, after derivatization, by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Enzymatic methods were used for further characterization. The study confirms glucuronidation as the major conjugation pathway for MEHP in the investigated species. Although less important quantitatively, glucosidation is shown to be an alternative conjugation pathway in mice. The methods developed were applied to a sample of urine from a hyperbilirubinemic newborn infant subjected to DEHP-exposure in conjunction with an exchange transfusion. It was demonstrated that metabolites of DEHP were excreted in amounts which could be analyzed by FAB-MS.
Uraemic pruritus is a frequent and disabling symptom in patients on dialysis. The pathogenesis of uraemic pruritus is nevertheless still obscure. We investigated whether di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP), the most commonly used plasticizer in polyvinylchloride (PVC) haemodialysis tubings, is a possible pathogenetic factor in uraemic pruritus. Serum concentrations of DEHP and its major derivatives mono-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP), 2-ethylhexanol (2-EH) and phthalic acid (PA) were determined in uraemic patients before and after a haemodialysis session and compared with the occurrence and intensity of pruritus in these patients. Twenty-one patients on regular haemodialysis for at least 6 months were examined. The severity of uraemic pruritus was assessed using a standard questionnaire (pruritus score). The quantitative analysis of DEHP and its derivatives was carried out by GC/selected ion monitoring mass spectrometry. Fourteen out of 21 patients (66%) complained about uraemic pruritus to a variable degree. The post-dialysis serum concentrations of DEHP, MEHP and 2-EH were significantly higher than the corresponding pre-dialysis values, whereas the post-dialysis concentrations of PA (0.122 +/- 0.078 microgram/microliter) were significantly lower than pre-dialysis levels (0.194 +/- 0.101 microgram/microliter, P = 0.00068). Neither pre- nor post-dialysis serum concentrations of DEHP, MEHP, PA or 2-EH were correlated with the severity of uraemic pruritus. Additionally, serum concentrations of DEHP and its metabolites did not differ significantly in patients with and without pruritus. These findings suggest that patients on haemodialysis are regularly exposed to considerable amounts of DEHP and metabolites. Phthalic acid, one of the presumed end products of DEHP metabolism, might be eliminated at least in part by haemodialysis. The exposition to DEHP and metabolites during haemodialysis, as assessed by measuring serum concentrations, bears no immediate relation to the occurrence or intensity of uraemic pruritus.
OBJECTIVES: To determine the exposure to, and evaluate the potential toxicity from, the plasticizer, di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) during extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) therapy. DESIGN: Protocol 1 consisted of a prospective comparison of three ECMO circuit designs in vitro. Protocol 2 consisted of a prospective, comparative clinical study evaluating DEHP plasma concentrations in ECMO vs. non-ECMO patients with respiratory failure. SETTING: Neonatal intensive care unit at The Children's National Medical Center, Washington, DC. PATIENTS: In protocol 2, 28 consecutive term infants were referred for ECMO therapy. Eighteen infants required ECMO; ten control patients received conventional ventilation and improved without ECMO. INTERVENTIONS: In protocol 1, three ECMO circuit designs were primed in vitro with normal saline, albumin, and human blood, which was maintained at 37 degrees C and recirculated at 400 mL/min for 48 hrs. Plasma samples were obtained at time 0, 1 hr, and every 6 hrs. In protocol 2, ventilatory and cardiovascular management of the patients in the study was conducted by the attending physician. Patients were placed on ECMO when they met the institutional criteria for ECMO therapy. Daily plasma concentrations for DEHP were collected until 3 days after decannulation from bypass in the ECMO group. Control patients were sampled daily until extubation. Evidence of cardiac, liver, or lung toxicity was evaluated by Chest Radiographic Scores, liver function studies, and echocardiograms obtained on day 1, day 3, and the day of decannulation in the ECMO group, or at the time of extubation in the control group. Sedation, blood product transfusions as indicated, antibiotics, and hyperalimentation were administered to all patients. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: All DEHP plasma concentrations were measured by gas chromatography. In protocol 1, three circuits were studied: circuit A (small surface area); circuit B (larger surface area); and circuit C (surface area of A but with heparin-bonded tubing in the circuit). DEHP leached from circuit A at 0.32 +/- 0.12 microgram/ mL/hr, compared with 0.57 +/- 0.14 microgram/mL/hr from circuit B (p < .05). This amount of DEHP extrapolates in the ECMO patient to a potential exposure of 20 to 70 times that exposure from other medical devices or procedures, such as transfusions, dialysis, or short-term cardiopulmonary bypass. Circuit C showed almost no leaching from the circuit; DEHP concentrations decreased at a rate of 0.2 +/- 0.04 microgram/mL/ hr. In protocol 2, DEHP was undetected in the control patients. DEHP concentrations in ECMO patients were greater in the early course of ECMO. However, most patients cleared this compound from the plasma before decannulation. In contrast to the in vitro results in protocol 1, the average highest concentration at any time on bypass was 8.3 +/- 5.7 micrograms/mL or 2 mg/kg. CONCLUSIONS: DEHP leaches from ECMO circuits, with potential exposure concentrations related to the surface area of the tubing in the ECMO circuit. Heparin bonding of the tubing eliminates this risk. Although significant concentrations of DEHP leach from the nonheparin-bonded circuits over time, our in vivo studies showed that the DEHP plasma concentrations were less than the previously reported values and do not correlate with any observable short-term toxicity. This compound may be either efficiently metabolized by the newborn, or redistributed into various tissues. Although signs of toxicity were not found in this study, long-term complications from chronic exposure to DEHP have not been determined. 
Although the risk for cancer is multifactorial, a substantial portion of cancer incidence rates is related to environmental factors, including diet and environmental chemicals. The magnitude of the contribution to cancer of the breast from exposure to environmental chemicals remains unclear. The phthalate ester plasticizers are abundantly-produced industrial chemicals that have become widely-dispersed environmental pollutants. The present studies were conducted to determine the effect of the phthalate ester, benzyl butyl phthalate (BBP) on mammary gland carcinogenesis induced in the female rat by the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA). Exposure to BBP (i.p. injection) at 100 and 500 mg/kg doses for 5 days resulted in a significant 72 and 92% inhibition, respectively, in the in vivo formation of mammary DMBA-DNA adducts, compared to controls. Treatment with BBP (i.g. intubation) for 7 days resulted in a significant (48%) inhibition in mammary DMBA-DNA adduct formation only for those animals receiving the 500 mg/kg dose, compared to controls. Administration of BBP (i.g.) at 500 mg/kg for 7 days also was associated with a significant 8.5-fold increase in the liver activity of 7-ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase. No change in liver glutathione-S-transferase activity was observed for animals treated with both BBP (i.g.) doses. Treatment with BBP (i.g.) at 250 and 500 mg/kg doses for 7 days prior to DMBA administration resulted in a significant 37% decrease in mammary tumor incidence for both doses, compared to controls. The number of mammary adenocarcinomas per rat was significantly inhibited by 60 and 70% for rats exposed to BBP at the 250 and 500 mg/kg doses, respectively, compared to controls. Therefore, the present studies indicate that BBP acts as a blocking agent toward DMBA-induced rat mammary DNA adduct formation and mammary carcinogenesis. This effect partly may be due to increased metabolism of BBP in the liver. These results underscore the need to further examine the effect of BBP and other phthalates on the various stages of mammary carcinogenesis, as well as on the metabolism of mammary carcinogens.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Significant amounts of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthlate (DEHP) leach into blood stored in DEHP-plasticized PVC bags. The aim of this study was to find out whether DEHP at these low levels has any effect on the concentration of vitamin E, an antioxidant which affords protection against free radical damage. MATERIALS AND METHODS: DEHP was administered in low doses (150-750 microg/100 g body weight) to rats intraperitoneally and the concentration of vitamin E in the liver and testes was measured. Concentration of vitamin E was also measured in blood stored in glass bottles in the presence and absence of DEHP and in blood stored in DEHP-plasticized PVC bags. RESULTS: A decrease in the concentration of vitamin E was observed in all cases. Administration of vitamin E to rats and incorporation of vitamin E in the additive solution in the case of blood prevented this decrease. CONCLUSION: DEHP even at very low doses caused a decrease in the concentration of vitamin E in liver and tests of rats given this substance. Blood stored in DEHP-plasticized bags also showed a decrease in the concentration of vitamin E. 
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Previous work in this laboratory has shown significant decrease in vitamin E in erythrocytes in blood stored in polyvinyl chloride (PVC) bags plasticized with di-[2-ethyl hexyl] phthalate (DEHP), and in erythrocytes incubated in vitro with DEHP. Since vitamin E is a major antioxidant, a study was carried out to find out whether this decrease observed in vitamin E has an effect on lipid peroxidation in blood stored in DEHP-plasticized PVC blood bags. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Blood was collected in Penpol blood storage bags (which is a DEHP-plasticized PVC bag) and parameters of lipid peroxidation, i.e. activity of superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione reductase, concentration of malondialdehyde (MDA), conjugated dienes, hydroperoxides, glutathione and vitamin E studied in erythrocytes after various periods of storage as compared to glass bottles. Erythrocytes were also incubated in vitro with DEHP with and without vitamin E, and changes in lipid peroxidation studied. RESULTS: Blood stored in Penpol bags showed increased lipid peroxidation in erythrocytes as compared to that stored in glass bottles, as is evident from a greater increase in MDA and a greater decrease in glutathione and a significant decrease in vitamin E. The addition of vitamin E decreased the formation of MDA and conjugated dienes and prevented the decrease in vitamin E. However in spite of increased lipid peroxidation in the presence of DEHP, the release of K+ and hemoglobin from erythrocytes was lower. When there was an increase in DEHP taken up by erythrocytes, there was a corresponding decrease in vitamin E. More important, whenever there was an increase in vitamin E in erythrocytes (when RBCs in the presence of DEHP were incubated with vitamin E), there was a progressive decrease in DEHP. CONCLUSION: DEHP caused increased lipid peroxidation in erythrocytes. At the same time, it decreased the release of K+ and hemoglobin from erythrocytes. It is possible that the stabilizing effect of DEHP on the erythrocyte membrane may offset the detrimental effects of the increased lipid peroxidation it causes. 
The migration of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) from dialyzers was studied in 21 patients with chronic renal failure undergoing maintenance hemodialysis. The circulating concentrations of DEHP were measured by high performance liquid chromatography in blood of patients obtained from the inlet and the outlet of the dialyzer during a 4-h dialysis session. During treatment of renal failure using plasticized tubing, the plasma level of DEHP increased. On average, an estimated 75.2 mg of DEHP was extracted from the dialyzer during a single dialysis session, with a range of 44.3-197. 1 mg. On the other hand, the total amount of DEHP retained by the patient during the dialysis session was evaluated by the difference between the AUCout and the AUCin and ranged from 3.6 to 59.6 mg. The rate of extraction of DEHP from the dialyzer was correlated (r=0.705, P<0.05) with serum lipid content (cholesterol and triglyceride).So, we confirmed that patients on hemodialysis are always regularly exposed to considerable amounts of DEHP. However, several metabolic effects have been reported in various animal species following treatment with DEHP, such as changes in lipid metabolism and in hepatic microsomal drug-metabolizing enzyme activities. DEHP is now a well-known hepatic peroxisomal proliferator in rodents and an inducer of many peroxisomal and non-peroxisomal enzymes. So, lipid metabolism modifications and hepatic changes observed in hemodialysis patients could be explained from chronic exposition to DEHP. In the coming years, it seems necessary to reconsider the use of DEHP as a plasticizer in medical devices. Highly unacceptable amounts of DEHP leached during the dialysis session could be easily avoided by careful selection of hemodialysis tubing.
Very little information is available on the changes in the erythrocyte membrane composition during storage of blood at 4 degrees C, particularly with respect to the glycosaminoglycans and glycoproteins. In view of this, a detailed study was carried out on the changes in the membrane proteins, glycosaminoglycans (GAG), carbohydrate components of glycoproteins, cholesterol, phospholipids and vitamin E in blood stored in glass bottles and a di-(2-ethyl hexyl) phthalate (DEHP) plasticized PVC bag (Penpol blood bag). Blood was collected in CPDA solution in glass bottles and in Penpol blood bags and kept at 4 +/- 1 degrees C. Analysis was made immediately after blood collection and after 28 and 42 days. Significant increase in the total protein in the erythrocyte membrane was observed during storage of whole blood in glass bottles and Penpol blood bag at 4 degrees C. This increase was progressively more with increase in storage time. Significant changes were also observed in GAG, carbohydrate components of glycoproteins, cholesterol, phospholipids and vitamin E in the erythrocyte membrane under these conditions. The protein:GAG ratio, protein:carbohydrate ratio, cholesterol:phospholipid ratio as well as protein:lipid ratio showed significant increase in the membrane. The extent of these changes was lower in the Penpol bag, indicating the stabilizing effect of DEHP on the erythrocyte membrane.
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), a commercially important plasticizer, induces testicular toxicity in laboratory animals at high doses. After oral exposure, most of the DEHP is rapidly metabolized in the gut to mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), which is the active metabolite for induction of testicular toxicity. To quantify the testes dose of MEHP with various routes of exposure and dose levels, we developed a physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) model for DEHP and MEHP in rats. Tissue:blood partition coefficients for DEHP were estimated from the n-octanol: water partition coefficient, while partition coefficients for MEHP were determined experimentally using a vial equilibration technique. All other parameters were either found in the literature or estimated from blood or tissue levels following oral or intravenous exposure to DEHP or MEHP. A flow-limited model failed to adequately simulate the available data. Alternative plausible mechanisms were explored, including diffusion-limited membrane transport, enterohepatic circulation, and MEHP ionization (pH-trapping model). In the pH-trapping model, only nonionized MEHP is free to become partitioned into the tissues, where it is equilibrated and trapped as ionized MEHP until it is deionized and released. All three alternative models significantly improved predictions of DEHP and MEHP blood concentrations over the flow-limited model predictions. The pH-trapping model gave the best predictions with the largest value of the log likelihood function. Predicted MEHP blood and testes concentrations were compared to measured concentrations in juvenile rats to validate the pH-trapping model. Thus, MEHP ionization may be an important mechanism of MEHP blood and testes disposition in rats.
n-Butyl benzyl phthalate (BBP), a plasticizer used in polyvinylchloride (PVC) and other polymers, has been orally administered to female Wistar rats with four doses (150, 475, 780 and 1500 mg/kg body weight/day) for 3 consecutive days. Metabolites recovered in urines were analysed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) after 24, 48 and 72 hours. Six metabolites were identified. Mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBuP) and mono-n-benzyl phthalate (MBeP) represented respectively 29-34% and 7-12% of the total recovered metabolites. Hippuric acid, the main metabolite of benzoic acid, represented the second major metabolite (51-56%). Phthalic acid, benzoic acid and an omega-oxidized metabolite of MBuP were also recovered in urine but in small quantities. BBP was never identified in urines. Total urinary metabolites recovery represented 56% of the dose administered in the first 24 hours. However, total recovery decreased when the dose increases (43% at 780 mg/kg body weight/day, only 30% at 1500 mg/kg body weight/day). Whatever the time was, BBP metabolites recovered in urines were all present and in the same proportions for the two lowest doses. Discrepancy in metabolites quantities expressed as percentages of the dose observed in urine of rat treated with the highest BBP dose disappeared with time as MBuP, MBeP and hippuric acid recovery has significantly increased at day 3. Metabolic profile of BBP in female rats has been established. The aim of the present study is to identify further the active(s) agent(s) involved in the BBP malformations and teratogenic effects.
Phthalate esters are ubiquitous, low-level environmental contaminants that induce testicular toxicity in laboratory animals. The diester is rapidly metabolized in the gut to the monoester, which causes the testicular toxicity. Several physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) model structures have been evaluated for di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP). The objective of this study was to test these PBPK models for a less lipophilic phthalate diester, di(n-butyl) phthalate (DBP), and monoester, mono(n-butyl) phthalate (MBP). Alternate models describing enterohepatic circulation, diffusion-limitation, tissue pH gradients (pH trapping), and a simpler, flow-limited model were evaluated. A combined diffusion-limited and pH trapping model was also tested. MBP tissue:blood partition coefficients were similar when determined either experimentally by a nonvolatile, vial equilibration technique or algorithmically. All other parameters were obtained from the literature or estimated from MBP blood concentrations following intravenous or oral exposure to DBP or MBP. A flow-limited model was unable to predict MBP blood levels, whereas each alternative model had statistically better predictions. The combined diffusion-limited and pH trapping model was the best overall, having the highest log-likelihood function value. This result is consistent with a previous finding that the pH trapping model was the best model for describing DEHP and MEHP blood dosimetry, though it was necessary to extend the model to include diffusion-limitation. The application of the pH trapping model is a step toward developing a generic model structure for all phthalate esters, though more work is required before a generic structure can be identified with confidence. Development of a PBPK model structure applicable to all phthalate esters would support more realistic assessments of risk to human health from exposure to one or more members of this class of compounds.
Because of the ubiquity of phthalates and their potential role in increasing risk for cancer and reproductive dysfunction, the need for human exposure assessment studies is urgent. In response to this need, we developed a high-throughput, robust, sensitive, accurate, and precise assay for simultaneous measurement of trace levels of eight phthalate metabolites in human urine by HPLC-MS/MS. Human urine samples were processed using enzymatic deconjugation of the glucuronides followed by solid-phase extraction. The eluate was concentrated, and the phthalate metabolites were chromatographically resolved by reversed-phase HPLC, detected by APCI-tandem mass spectrometry, and quantified by isotope dilution. This selective analytical method permits rapid detection (7.7 min total run time) of eight urinary metabolites of the most commonly used phthalates with detection limits in the low nanagram per milliliter range. Assay precision was improved by incorporating 13C4-labeled internal standards for each of the eight analytes, as well as a conjugated internal standard to monitor deconjugation efficiency. This selective, sensitive, and rapid method will help elucidate potential associations (if any) between human exposure to phthalates and adverse health effects.
Premature breast development (thelarche) is the growth of mammary tissue in girls younger than 8 years of age without other manifestations of puberty. Puerto Rico has the highest known incidence of premature thelarche ever reported. In the last two decades since this serious public health anomaly has been observed, no explanation for this phenomenon has been found. Some organic pollutants, including pesticides and some plasticizers, can disrupt normal sexual development in wildlife, and many of these have been widely used in Puerto Rico. This investigation was designed to identify pollutants in the serum of Puerto Rican girls with premature thelarche. A method for blood serum analysis was optimized and validated using pesticides and phthalate esters as model compounds of endocrine-disrupting chemicals. Recovery was > 80% for all compounds. We performed final detection by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry. We analyzed 41 serum samples from thelarche patients and 35 control samples. No pesticides or their metabolite residues were detected in the serum of the study or control subjects. Significantly high levels of phthalates [dimethyl, diethyl, dibutyl, and di-(2-ethylhexyl)] and its major metabolite mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate were identified in 28 (68%) samples from thelarche patients. Of the control samples analyzed, only one showed significant levels of di-isooctyl phthalate. The phthalates that we identified have been classified as endocrine disruptors. This study suggests a possible association between plasticizers with known estrogenic and antiandrogenic activity and the cause of premature breast development in a human female population.
Using a novel and highly selective technique, we measured monoester metabolites of seven commonly used phthalates in urine samples from a reference population of 289 adult humans. This analytical approach allowed us to directly measure the individual phthalate metabolites responsible for the animal reproductive and developmental toxicity while avoiding contamination from the ubiquitous parent compounds. The monoesters with the highest urinary levels found were monoethyl phthalate (95th percentile, 3,750 ppb, 2,610 microg/g creatinine), monobutyl phthalate (95th percentile, 294 ppb, 162 microg/g creatinine), and monobenzyl phthalate (95th percentile, 137 ppb, 92 microg/g creatinine), reflecting exposure to diethyl phthalate, dibutyl phthalate, and benzyl butyl phthalate. Women of reproductive age (20-40 years) were found to have significantly higher levels of monobutyl phthalate, a reproductive and developmental toxicant in rodents, than other age/gender groups (p < 0.005). Current scientific and regulatory attention on phthalates has focused almost exclusively on health risks from exposure to only two phthalates, di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and di-isononyl phthalate. Our findings strongly suggest that health-risk assessments for phthalate exposure in humans should include diethyl, dibutyl, and benzyl butyl phthalates.
Many plastic items are made of polyvinylchloride (PVC) blended with plasticizers. The most frequently used plasticizer is di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (DEHP). DEHP migrates at a constant rate from plastics to the environment: it has been detected in water, soil and food and is therefore considered as a widespread environmental contaminant. Over the past several years, a number of publications concerning toxic effects of DEHP on animals and humans have been reported. Although DEHP is suggested to be of low acute toxicity, long-term exposure, especially in human beings at risk such as pregnant women and children, requires more in-depth studies. If DEHP toxicity in humans were to be confirmed, it would be advisable in the future to replace current PVC plasticizers, especially if they come into contact with babies, with better-quality materials.
We measured the background levels of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and its hydrolytic metabolite mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) in blood from naive female Sprague-Dawley rats and in de-ionized charcoal-purified water using an analytical procedure that is based on sample treatment with acetonitrile, n-hexane extraction and analysis by gas chromatography. In blood, blank values of 91.3 +/- 34.7 micrograms DEHP/l (n = 31) and 30.1 +/- 13.1 micrograms MEHP/l (n = 20) were obtained, and in water, values of 91.6 +/- 44.2 micrograms DEHP/l (n = 26) and 26.7 +/- 10.4 micrograms MEHP/l (n = 15) were found. Since there is no difference between the background valves obtained from blood of naive rats and water, we conclude that DEHP and MEHP result from contamination during the analytical procedure.
A simple, rapid and sensitive reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatographic method with UV detection was developed for the quantification of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) in parenteral nutrition admixtures containing fat emulsion and in plasma samples of children daily treated by total parenteral nutrition. The analyte and the internal standard, di-n-heptyl phthalate, were extracted twice using hexane and the organic layer separated and dried under nitrogen. The residues were reconstituted with acetonitrile and 20 microl was injected into a Waters Spherisorb C18 column, the UV detector was set at 202 nm. The mobile phase was acetonitrile-aqueous buffer (triethylamine 0.08% adjusted to pH 2.8 with 1 M phosphoric acid) mixture (88:12, v/v) and it was pumped at 1 ml/min. Average recoveries were 97% or greater. This method was successfully used to investigate the amounts of DEHP which can leach from bags and tubing into fat emulsion and which could contaminate children under long-term parenteral nutrition. On the other hand, the circulating DEHP concentrations were estimated in four children under regular long-term parenteral nutrition.
A gas chromatographic-mass spectrometric method was developed for the quantitative analysis of the three Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) metabolites, 2-ethylhexanoic acid, 2-ethyl-3-hydroxyhexanoic acid and 2-ethyl-3-oxohexanoic acid in urine. After oximation with O-(2,3,4,5,6-pentafluorobenzyl)-hydroxylamine hydrochloride and sample clean-up with Chromosorb P filled glass tubes, all three organic acids were converted to their tert.-butyldimethylsilyl derivatives. Quantitation was done with trans-cinnamic acid as internal standard and GC-MS analysis in the selected ion monitoring mode (SIM). Calibration curves for all three acids in the range from 20 to 1,000 microg/l showed correlation coefficients from 0.9972 to 0.9986. The relative standard deviation (RSD) values determined in the observed concentration range were between 1.3 and 8.9% for all three acids. Here we report for the first time the identification of 2-ethyl-3-hydroxyhexanoic acid and 2-ethyl-3-oxohexanoic acid in human urine next to the known DEHP metabolite 2-ethylhexanoic acid. In 28 urine samples from healthy persons we found all three acids with mean concentrations of 56.1 +/- 13.5 microg/l for 2-ethylhexanoic acid, 104.8 +/- 80.6 microg/l for 2-ethyl-3-hydroxyhexanoic acid and 482.2 +/- 389.5 microg/l for 2-ethyl-3-oxohexanoic acid.
Three groups of eight volunteers were administered stable isotope-labelled phthalate diesters in a single dose and the amount of the corresponding phthalate monoesters excreted in the urine was measured. Amongst the phthalates administered were the symmetrical dibutyl-, di-2-ethyl- and diisooctyl- phthalates along with the unsymmetrical benzylbutylphthalate. The control group received no dose, the low dose group received 168-255 microg of each phthalate and the high dose group received 336 to 510 microg of each phthalate. The excreted phthalate monoesters were measured by LC-MS following hydrolysis of conjugates. The bulk of phthalate monoester was excreted in the first 24 hour period following the dose. For dibutylphthalate, 64% and 73% on a mole basis of the low, and high dose respectively was excreted as monobutylphthalate. For dioctylphthalate (sum of the 2-ethylhexyl and the isooctyl species) the yield was 14 and 12% of the low and high dose excreted as monooctylphthalate. For benzylbutylphthalate, 67% and 78% was eliminated as monobenzylphthalate and only 6% (measured for the high dose only) was eliminated as monobutylphthalate. These conversion factors can be used in future studies to assess exposure to phthalate esters via measuring urinary levels of the monoester metabolites.
Population-based estimates of environmental exposures using biomarkers can be difficult to obtain for a variety of reasons, including problems with limits of detection, undersampling of key strata, time between exposure and sampling, variation across individuals, variation within individuals, and the ability to find and interpret a given biomarker. In this article, we apply statistical likelihoods, weighted sampling, and regression methods for censored data to the analysis of biomarker data. Urinary metabolites for seven phthalates, reported by Blount et al., are analyzed using these methods. In the case of the phthalates data, we assumed the underlying model to be a log-normal distribution with the mean of the distribution defined as a function of a number of demographic variables that might affect phthalate levels in individuals. Included as demographic variables were age, sex, ethnicity, residency, family income, and education level. We conducted two analyses: an unweighted analysis where phthalate distributions were estimated with changes in the means of these distributions as a function of demographic variables, and a weighted prediction for the general population in which weights were assigned for a subset of the population depending on the frequency of their demographic variables in the general U.S. population. We used statistical tests to determine whether any of the demographic variables affected mean phthalate levels. Individuals with only a high school education had higher levels of di-n-butyl phthalate than individuals with education beyond high school. Subjects who had family income less than $1,500 in the month before sampling and/or only high school education had higher levels of n-butyl benzyl phthalate levels than other groupings. Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate was higher in males and/or in urban populations and/or in people who had family income less than $1,500 per month. Our findings suggest that there may be significant demographic variations in exposure and/or metabolism of phthalates and that health-risk assessments for phthalate exposure in humans should consider different potential risk groups.
Phthalates are ubiquitous in our modern environment because of their use in plastics and cosmetic products. Phthalate monoesters--primarily monoethylhexyl phthalate and monobutyl phthalate--are reproductive and developmental toxicants in animals. Accurate measures of phthalate exposure are needed to assess their human health effects. Phthalate monoesters have a biologic half-life of approximately 12 hr, and little is known about the temporal variability and daily reproducibility of urinary measures in humans. To explore these aspects, we measured seven phthalate monoesters and creatinine concentration in two consecutive first-morning urine specimens from 46 African-American women, ages 35-49 years, residing in the Washington, DC, area in 1996-1997. We measured phthalate monoesters using high-pressure liquid chromatography followed by tandem mass spectrometry on a triple quadrupole instrument using atmospheric pressure chemical ionization. We detected four phthalate monoesters in all subjects, with median levels of 31 ng/mL for monobenzyl phthalate (mBzP), 53 ng/mL for monobutyl phthalate (mBP), 211 ng/mL for monoethyl phthalate (mEP), and 7.3 ng/mL for monoethylhexyl phthalate (mEHP). These were similar to concentrations reported for other populations using spot urine specimens. Phthalate levels did not differ between the two sampling days. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the concentrations on the 2 days was 0.8 for mBP, 0.7 for mEHP, 0.6 for mEP, and 0.5 for mBzP. These results suggest that even with the short half-lives of phthalates, women's patterns of exposure may be sufficiently stable to assign an exposure level based on a single first morning void urine measurement.
Phthalate and adipate esters are present in relatively large amounts in the environment, resulting in their large blank values at analysis and making precise analysis difficult. We developed a highly sensitive analytical method for phthalate and adipate esters in plasma and beverages by lowering the blank values that interfere with analysis. The method uses a closed distillation cleanup system in which steam distillation and extraction are performed simultaneously. The recoveries from beverages and plasma were both satisfactory, ranging from 90.2 to 118.3%, relative standard deviation (RSD) = 2.8-5.3%, and 96.2-134.4%, RSD = 2.2-6.5%, respectively. The detection limits of dibutyl phthalate and di-2-ethyl hexyl phthalate were 5 ng/mL, and those of diethyl phthalate, butyl benzyl phthalate, and di-2-ethyl hexyl adipate were 10 ng/mL in rabbit plasma and beverages.
Di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) is a widely used plasticizer known to be a suspected endocrine disrupter, but its precise effects on aquatic organisms are not yet known. When Japanese medaka (Oryzias latipes) were exposed from the time of hatching to 3 months of age to an aqueous DEHP solution at nominal concentrations of 1, 10, and 50 microg/l, DEHP-treated female fish showed distinct reproductive effects as follows. First, blood vitellogenin levels in all treated test subjects markedly decreased. Second, Gonado Somatic Index (GSI) decreased to 33% and 38% of the control GSI in 10 microg/l and 50 microg/l treated female fish, respectively. Third, 54% of female fish in the control treatment had completely matured oocytes in their ovaries, but only 37%, 0% and 22% of female fish matured to the last stage in the 1, 10 and 50 microg/l treated test subjects, respectively. Unlike female fish, no change or adverse effects were observed in the male fish. In summary, DEHP hinders the development of reproductive organs in the female Japanese medaka. In this work, the possibility o f anti-estrogenic activity of DEHP is proposed as the cause.
The nutritional impact of di(2-ethyl hexyl) phthalate (DEHP), specifically its energy efficiency and nitrogen utilization, was studied in the experimental rat. Groups of male Wistar rats were fed over 21 days with a standard diet alone or a standard diet supplemented with 2% (w/w) DEHP. Food intake, body weight and nitrogen compounds excretion were measured daily. The composition and energetic content of the carcass were determined in animals of both dietary groups after the feeding period, as well as in a separate group on day 0. The food and energy intakes were similar in both groups, however, the efficiencies of energy and nitrogen use were significantly reduced in the DEHP-fed rat. These alterations were reflected by a reduction of 31% on carcass energy retention and a decrease of 26% on cumulative nitrogen balance, without changes in the body composition. The increase of urinary nitrogen excretion, mainly as urea compound, is the major contributing factor to the lower nitrogen retention. These results indicate that DEHP decreases energy efficiency and nitrogen utilization, leading to a pronounced reduction in body weight gain. In addition, this study provides a possible conceptual framework that could explain the metabolic changes induced by DEHP and related compounds in experimental animals.
We developed a new and fast multidimensional on-line HPLC-method for the quantitative determination of the secondary, chain oxidized monoester metabolites of diethylhexylphthalate (DEHP), 5-hydroxy-mono-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (5OH-MEHP) and 5-oxo-mono-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (5oxo-MEHP) in urine samples from the general population. Also included in the method were the simple monoester metabolites of DEHP, dioctylphthalate (DOP), dibutylphthalate (DBP), butylbenzylphthalate (BBzP) and diethylphthalate (DEP). Except for enzymatic hydrolysis for deconjugation of the metabolites no further sample pre-treatment step is necessary. The phthalate metabolites are stripped from urinary matrix by on-line extraction on a restricted access material (LiChrospher((R)) ADS-8) precolumn, transferred in backflush-mode and chromatographically resolved by reversed-phase HPLC. Eluting metabolites are detected by ESI-tandem mass spectrometry in negative ionization mode and quantified by isotope dilution. Within a total run time of 25 min we can selectively and sensitively quantify seven urinary metabolites of six commonly occurring phthalate diesters including the controversial di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP). The detection limits for all analytes are in the low ppb range (0.5-2.0 microgram/l urine). First results on a small non-exposed group (n=8) ranged for 5OH-MEHP from 0.59 to 124 microgram/l, for 5oxo-MEHP from <LOQ to 73.0 microgram/l, and for MEHP from <LOQ to 41.1 microgram/l. The other short chain monoester metabolites were detectable in every sample with mean concentrations for MnBuP of 36.5 microgram/l, for MBzP of 7.19 microgram/l and MEP of 1.0 mg/l. With this rapid and economic method we can determine the internal exposure of the general population to DEHP and other phthalates as well as the body burden of occupationally and medically exposed subjects. The results can help to rank the risks of phthalates in the areas of carcinogenesis, peroxisome proliferation and endocrine disruption. Since secondary, functionalized metabolites of DEHP are included in the method an enduring problem of the past is excluded: sample contamination in the pre-analytical and analytical phase by both di- and monoesters.
BACKGROUND: Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP), the most commonly used plasticizer, is a widespread ubiquitous environmental contaminant. The potential health hazards from exposure to DEHP and its main metabolite, mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP), have been well documented. Exposure to DEHP and MEHP in humans at risk, such as pregnant women and human fetuses, has not been tested. METHODS: Plasma DEHP and MEHP concentrations were measured in a total of 24 consecutive mother-infant pairs by high performance liquid chromatography. Associations between DEHP/MEHP and infant characteristics were tested using Fisher's exact test, unpaired t tests and univariate linear regression analysis. RESULTS: Measurable DEHP and MEHP concentrations were found in 17/24 (70.8%) and 18/24 (75%) maternal plasmas, respectively, and in 11/25 (44%) and 18/25 (72.0%) cord samples, respectively. Either DEHP or MEHP were detectable in 21/24 (87.5%) maternal plasmas and 19/25 (76%) cord samples. The mean DEHP concentrations in maternal and cord plasmas were 1.15 +/- 0.81 and 2.05 +/- 1.47 microg/ml, respectively. The mean MEHP concentrations were 0.68 +/- 0.85 and 0.68 +/- 1.03 microg/ml, respectively. No significant correlations were found between maternal and cord blood DEHP, maternal and cord blood MEHP, maternal DEHP and cord blood MEHP, or maternal MEHP and cord blood DEHP plasma concentrations. CONCLUSION: Although the effects of perinatal exposure to phthalates need further research, our findings: (i) confirm the high frequency of DEHP and/or MEHP exposure in human pregnancies; (ii) indicate that the exposure to these environmental contaminants begins during intrauterine life, and (iii) suggest that fetal exposure is closely related to the maternal exposure. 
We have reported that the administration of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) increased the formations of quinolinic acid (QA) and its lower metabolites on the tryptophan-niacin pathway. To discover the mechanism involved in disruption of the tryptophan-niacin pathway by DEHP, we assessed the daily urinary excretion of QA and its lower metabolites, and enzyme activities on the tryptophan-niacin pathway. Rats were fed with a niacin-free, 20% casein diet or the same diet supplemented with 0.1% DEHP or 0.043% phthalic acid and 0.067% 2-ethylhexanol added for 21 days. Feeding of DEHP increased the urinary excretions of QA and its lower metabolites in a time-dependent manner, and the increase of these excretions reached a peak at 11 days, but feeding of phthalic acid and 2-ethylhexanol had no effect. Feeding of DEHP, however, did not affect any enzyme activity including alpha-amino-beta-carboxymuconate-epsilon-semialdehyde decarboxylase (ACMSD), affecting the formation of QA, on the tryptophan-niacin pathway.
A novel method based on column-switching high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray mass spectrometry (LC-MS) coupled with an on-line extraction column containing conjugated avidin has been developed for direct injection analysis of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and its metabolite, mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), in blood samples. The sample preparation for on-line extraction involved the mixing of blood samples with internal standards, DEHP-d(4) and MEHP-d(4), in LC glass vials. A linear response was found for column-switching LC-MS when tests were conducted within the validated range of 25 to 1000 ng mL(-1) for DEHP and 5 to 1000 ng mL(-1) for MEHP, with correlation coefficients (r) greater than 0.999. In addition, the recoveries of DEHP and MEHP from human plasma were calculated by using this method with on-line extraction, yielding recoveries of up to 91.2% (RSD<5%). We measured the background levels of DEHP and MEHP in six human plasma samples from healthy volunteers and three fetal bovine serum samples for cell-line culture. DEHP and MEHP were not detected in all human plasma samples (N.D. is <25 ng mL(-1) for DEHP, and N.D. is <5.0 ng mL(-1) for MEHP). In contrast, high DEHP contamination of commercially available fetal bovine serum samples was found by this method.
We evaluated sequelae in male rabbits following exposure to dibutyl phthalate (DBP) at a dose level known to adversely affect testicular function in rodents without causing systemic toxicity. Because rabbits have a relatively long phase of reproductive development simulating better than rodents the reproductive development of humans, and because the use of rabbits facilitates multiple evaluations of mating ability and seminal quality, we used this animal model. Rabbits were exposed to 0 or 400 mg DBP/kg/day in utero (gestation days [GD] 15-29) or during adolescence (postnatal weeks [PNW] 4-12), and male offspring were examined at 6, 12, and 25 weeks of age. Another group was exposed after puberty (for 12 weeks) and examined at the conclusion of exposure. The most pronounced reproductive effects were in male rabbits exposed in utero. Male offspring in this group exhibited reduction in numbers of ejaculated sperm (down 43%; p < 0.01), in weights of testes (at 12 weeks, down 23%; p < 0.05) and in accessory sex glands (at 12 and 25 weeks, down 36%; p < 0.01 and down 27%; p < 0.05, respectively). Serum testosterone levels were down (at 6 weeks, 32%; p < 0.05); a slight increase in histological alterations of the testis (p < 0.05) and a doubling in the percentage (from 16 to 30%, p < 0.01) of abnormal sperm; and 1/17 males manifesting hypospadias, hypoplastic prostate, and cryptorchid testes with carcinoma in situ-like cells. In the DBP group exposed during adolescence, basal serum testosterone levels were reduced at 6 weeks (p < 0.01) while at 12 weeks, testosterone production in vivo failed to respond normally to a GnRH challenge (p < 0.01). In addition, weight of accessory sex glands was reduced at 12 weeks but not at 25 weeks after a recovery period; there was a slight increase in the percentage of abnormal sperm in the ejaculate; and 1/11 males was unilaterally cryptorchid. In both of these DBP-treated groups, daily sperm production, epididymal sperm counts, mating ability, and weights of body and nonreproductive organs were unaffected. Thus, DBP induces lesions in the reproductive system of the rabbit, with the intrauterine period being the most sensitive stage of life.
A series of in vitro studies were designed to determine whether di-(2-ethyl-hexyl)-phthalate (DEHP)-plasticized polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and DEHP itself initiated an inflammatory response in both human and rat blood. Additionally, the effect of methanol washing of the PVC on the inflammatory response was studied in both blood types. Blood from both species was exposed to first, no material; second, ground DEHP-plasticized PVC; third, methanol-washed ground DEHP-plasticized PVC; and fourth, known concentrations of DEHP. The expression of the integrin CD11b was employed as a marker of the inflammatory response. After 20 minutes' exposure to PVC, CD11b expression increased to 210 +/- 32% of baseline in human blood and to 238 +/- 21.7% in rodent blood. Both blood types showed an increase in CD11b expression with increasing concentrations of DEHP (214 +/- 40.8% of baseline levels in human blood and 237 +/- 14.5% in rodent blood at the highest concentration). Methanol washing resulted in a significant moderation in CD11b upregulation in both blood types; 117 +/- 27% of baseline in human and 150 +/- 14.7% in rodent. These results support the hypothesis that DEHP-plasticized PVC and DEHP itself are proinflammatory in blood from both species, and suggest that the rodent is an appropriate model for studies of this nature.
Di(n-butyl) phthalate (DBP) alters male reproductive development by decreasing testicular testosterone (T) production when fetuses are exposed on gestation days (GD) 12-21. Previous studies have shown altered gene expression for enzymes in the T biosynthetic pathway following exposure to DBP. The objectives of this study were to develop a more detailed understanding of the effect of DBP on steroidogenesis, using a robust study design with increased numbers of dams and fetuses, compared with previous studies, and to explore messenger RNA (mRNA) expression for other critical genes involved in androgen biosynthesis and signaling. Additionally, immunohistochemical localization of protein expression for several key genes was performed to further confirm mRNA changes. Fetal Leydig cell lipid levels were also examined histochemically, using oil red O. Six to seven pregnant Crl:CD(SD)BR rats per group were gavaged with corn oil or DBP at 500 mg/kg/day on GD 12-19. Testicular RNA isolated from three randomly selected GD 19 fetuses per litter was used for real-time RT-PCR for the following genes: scavenger receptor class B-1 (SRB1), steroidogenic acute regulatory protein (StAR), P450 side-chain cleavage enzyme (P450scc), 3beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (3beta-HSD), P450c17, 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (17beta-HSD), androgen receptor (AR), luteinizing hormone receptor (LHR), follicle-stimulating hormone receptor (FSHR), stem cell factor tyrosine kinase receptor (c-kit), stem cell factor (SCF), proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA), and testosterone-repressed prostate message-2 (TRPM-2). mRNA expression was downregulated for SRB1, StAR, P450scc, 3beta-HSD, P450c17, and c-kit following DBP exposure, and TRPM-2 was upregulated. 17beta-HSD, AR, LHR, FSHR, and PCNA were not significantly changed. Immunohistochemical staining for c-kit was seen in fetal Leydig cells, which has not been previously reported. Downregulation of most of the genes in the T biosynthetic pathway confirms and extends previous findings. Diminished Leydig cell lipid content and alteration of cholesterol transport genes also support altered cholesterol metabolism and transport as a potential mechanism for decreased T synthesis following exposure to DBP.
An on-line solid-phase extraction-liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (on-line SPE-HPLC-MS/MS) method was developed for the analysis of metabolites of three phthalate esters in human urine at the low nanogram per milliliter level. The recoveries were above 84.3% and relative standard deviations varied from 0.8 to 4.8%. The compounds along with their deuterated internal standards were detected in the negative ion mode by selective reaction monitoring and the accuracy of the method was improved by isotope dilution. Monobutyl phthalate was detected with median level of 22.5 ng/ml. The median levels for monobenzyl phthalate and monoethylhexyl phthalate were less than the limit of quantitation (LOQ). The on-line SPE-HPLC-MS/MS method allowed the possibility of determining these metabolites within a short time, with increased sensitivity and by using decreased amounts of sample and solvent.
Phthalates are widely used as industrial solvents and plasticizers, with global use exceeding four million tons per year. We improved our previously developed high-performance liquid chromatography-atmospheric pressure chemical ionization-tandem mass spectrometric (HPLC-APCI-MS/MS) method to measure urinary phthalate metabolites by increasing the selectivity and the sensitivity by better resolving them from the solvent front, adding three more phthalate metabolites, monomethyl phthalate (mMP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate (mEOHP) and mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate (mEHHP); increasing the sample throughput; and reducing the solvent usage. Furthermore, this improved method enabled us to analyze free un-conjugated mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (mEHP) by eliminating interferences derived from coelution of the glucuronide-bound, or conjugated form, of the mEHP on measurements of the free mEHP. This method for measuring phthalate metabolites in urine involves solid-phase extraction followed by reversed-phase HPLC-APCI-MS/MS using isotope dilution with (13)C(4) internal standards. We further evaluated the ruggedness and the reliability of the method by comparing measurements made by multiple analysts at different extraction settings on multiple instruments. We observed mMP, monoethyl phthalate (mEP), mono-n-butyl phthalate (mBP), monobenzyl phthalate (mBzP), mEHP, mEHHP and mEOHP in the majority of urine specimens analyzed with DEHP-metabolites mEHHP and mEOHP present in significantly higher amounts than mEHP.
BACKGROUND: Emerging evidence suggests a potential role for ubiquitous environmental contaminants in the physiopathology of endometriosis. Di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (DEHP), the most commonly used plasticizer in flexible polyvinylchloride (PVC) formulations, is a widespread environmental contaminant with potentially adverse effects on fertility in animal models. In the present study, we tested the hypothesis that DEHP and/or and its main metabolite, mono-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP), play a role in the pathogenesis of endometriosis. METHODS: Specimens of blood and peritoneal fluid were collected in a group of women with endometriosis (n = 55), and in age-matched control women (n = 24). Concentrations of DEHP and MEHP were measured in plasma and peritoneal fluid by using high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). Differences between groups were tested using the Fisher's exact test, Wilcoxon-test, and Kruskal-Wallis analysis of variance. RESULTS: Endometriotic women showed significantly higher plasma DEHP concentrations than controls (median 0.57 micro g/ml, interquartile range: 0.06-1.23; values range: 0-3.24 versus median 0.18 micro g/ml, interquartile range: 0-0.44; values range: 0-1.03; P = 0.0047) and 92.6% of them had detectable DEHP and /or MEHP in the peritoneal fluid. No significant differences in either the DEHP/MEHP plasma concentrations (P >/= 0.31) or DEHP/MEHP peritoneal fluid concentrations (P >/= 0.66) were observed in the endometriotic patients as a function of the disease stage at the time of diagnosis. CONCLUSIONS: The present findings showed for the first time an association between DEHP plasma concentrations and endometriosis, suggesting a possible role for phthalate esters in the pathogenesis. 
Phthalates are industrial chemicals widely used in many commercial applications. The general population is exposed to phthalates through consumer products as well as through diet and medical treatments. To determine whether environmental levels of phthalates are associated with altered DNA integrity in human sperm, we selected a population without identified sources of exposure to phthalates. One hundred sixty-eight subjects recruited from the Massachusetts General Hospital Andrology Laboratory provided a semen and a urine sample. Eight phthalate metabolites were measured in urine by using high-performance liquid chromatography and tandem mass spectrometry; data were corrected for urine dilution by adjusting for specific gravity. The neutral single-cell microgel electrophoresis assay (comet assay) was used to measure DNA integrity in sperm. VisComet image analysis software was used to measure comet extent, a measure of total comet length (micrometers); percent DNA in tail (tail%), a measure of the proportion of total DNA present in the comet tail; and tail distributed moment (TDM), an integrated measure of length and intensity (micrometers). For an interquartile range increase in specific gravity-adjusted monoethyl phthalate (MEP) level, the comet extent increased significantly by 3.6 micro m [95% confidence interval (95% CI), 0.74-6.47]; the TDM also increased 1.2 micro m (95% CI, -0.05 to 2.38) but was of borderline significance. Monobutyl, monobenzyl, monomethyl, and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalates were not significantly associated with comet assay parameters. In conclusion, this study represents the first human data to demonstrate that urinary MEP, at environmental levels, is associated with increased DNA damage in sperm.
BACKGROUND: There is scientific and public concern about commonly used chemicals, including phthalates, that are associated with reproductive toxicity in laboratory animals and are hormonally active. People are exposed to phthalates through diet, consumer products and medical devices. The present study explored whether environmental levels of phthalates are associated with altered semen quality in humans. METHODS: We recruited 168 men who were part of subfertile couples and who presented to the Massachusetts General Hospital andrology laboratory for semen analysis between January 2000 and April 2001. Semen parameters were dichotomized based on 1999 World Health Organization reference values for sperm concentration (< 20 million/ml) and motility (< 50% motile), as well as Tygerberg Strict criteria for morphology (< 4% normal). The comparison group was men for whom these semen parameters were all above the reference values. In urine, eight phthalate metabolites were measured with high-performance liquid chromatography and tandem mass spectrometry. Specific gravity-adjusted phthalate metabolite levels were categorized into tertiles. RESULTS: There was a dose-response relation between tertiles of mono-butyl phthalate and sperm motility (odds ratio per tertile = 1.0, 1.8, 3.0; P-value for trend = 0.02) and sperm concentration (1.0, 1.4, 3.3; P-value for trend = 0.07). In addition, there was a dose-response relation between tertiles of mono-benzyl phthalate and sperm concentration (1.0, 1.4, 5.5; P-value for trend = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: There were dose-response relations for monobutyl phthalate and monobenzyl phthalate with one or more semen parameters, and suggestive evidence for monomethyl phthalate with sperm morphology. The lack of a relation for other phthalates may indicate a difference in spermatotoxicity among phthalates. 
BACKGROUND: Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) is a plasticizer that is contained in most PVC devices, including apheresis disposables. Because DEHP can be extracted from apheresis disposables as the blood passes through the apheresis device, DEHP exposure was determined in healthy donors undergoing plateletpheresis performed with commercially available apheresis systems. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: The study population consisted of 36 healthy PLT donors undergoing plateletpheresis with either continuous or discontinuous apheresis devices. Serum concentrations of DEHP were determined from peripheral blood obtained before and after plateletpheresis, with gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy. RESULTS: Plateletpheresis performed with standard collection disposables resulted in a median increase of 232 percent of serum DEHP compared to levels before apheresis, corresponding to a total amount of DEHP exposed during a single apheresis of a median of 6.46 (range, 1.8-20.3) microg per kg of body weight. Endogenous levels of triglycerides showed a positive correlation with the amount of DEHP released. Increase in serum DEHP was short-term as serum DEHP rapidly returned to levels obtained before apheresis within 3 hours after completion of the apheresis course. Donor exposure to DEHP led to no variation in liver cell function within 48 hours after plateletpheresis. CONCLUSION: Commercial plateletpheresis disposables release considerable amounts of DEHP during the apheresis procedure, but the total dose of DEHP retained by the donor is within the normal range of DEHP exposure of the general population. 
We developed a highly sensitive method for the quantitative detection of nine phthalate ester metabolites in human serum. This method requires denaturation of the serum enzymes immediately after blood collection to avoid the hydrolysis of the contaminant diester parent compounds introduced during blood collection and storage. Before analysis, the samples were subjected to an enzymatic deconjugation to hydrolyze the glucuronidated phthalate monoesters and a solid-phase extraction to isolate the monoesters from other serum components. The extracts were analyzed using reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization-tandem mass spectrometry. The limits of detection of all nine phthalate monoesters in serum were in the low nanogram-per-milliliter range (0.6-1.3 ng/mL). Stable isotope-labeled internal standards for all analytes were used to improve precision and for recovery corrections. This highly selective method permits the analysis of phthalate monoesters without interferences resulting from the hydrolysis of the ubiquitous contaminant phthalate diesters by serum enzymes. In addition, it allows the direct measurement of the active phthalate monoester metabolites reportedly responsible for the reproductive and developmental toxicity of certain phthalates.
A number of phthalates and their metabolites are suspected of having teratogenic and endocrine disrupting effects. Especially the developmental and reproductive effects of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) are under scrutiny. In this study we determined the concentrations of the secondary, chain oxidized monoester metabolites of DEHP, mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate (5OH-MEHP) and mono(2-ethyl-5-oxo-hexyl)phthalate (5oxo-MEHP) in urine samples from the general population. The utilization of the secondary metabolites minimized any risk of contamination by the ubiquitously present phthalate parent compounds. Included in the method were also the simple monoester metabolites of DEHP, dioctylphthalate (DOP), di-n-butylphthalate (DnBuP), butylbenzylphthalate (BBzP) and diethylphthalate (DEP). Automated sample preparation was performed applying a column switching liquid chromatography system enabling online extraction of the urine on a restricted access material (RAM) and separation on a reversed phase analytical column. Detection was performed by negative ESI-tandem mass spectrometry in multiple reaction monitoring mode and quantification by isotope dilution. The excretion of DEHP and the other phthalates was studied by analyzing first morning urine samples from 53 women and 32 men aged 7-64 years (median: 34.2 years) living in northern Bavaria (Germany) who were not occupationally exposed to phthalates. Phthalate metabolites, secondary and primary ones, were detected in all specimens. Concentrations were found to vary strongly from phthalate to phthalate and subject to subject with differences spanning more than three orders of magnitude. Median concentrations for excretion of DEHP metabolites were 46.8 microg/L for 5OH-MEHP (range 0.5-818 microg/L), 36.5 microg/L for 5oxo-MEHP (range 0.5-544 microg/L), and 10.3 microg/L for MEHP (range:<0.5 (limit of quantification, LOQ) to 177 microg/L). A strong correlation was found between the excretion of 5OH-MEHP and 5oxo-MEHP with a correlation coefficient of r=0.991, indicating close metabolic proximity of those two parameters but also the absence of any contaminating interference. Median concentrations for the other monoester metabolites were for mono-n-butylphthalate (MnBuP) 181 microg/L, for monobenzylphthalate (MBzP) 21.0 microg/L, for monoethylphthalate (MEP) 90.2 microg/L and for mono-n-octylphthalate (MOP)<1.0 microg/L (LOQ). These results will help to perform health risk assessments for the phthalate exposure of the general population.
Metabolism of most diesters of phthalic acid in humans occurs by an initial phase I biotransformation in which phthalate monoesters are formed, followed by a phase II biotransformation in which phthalate monoesters react with glucuronic acid to form their respective glucuronide conjugates. The phase II conjugation increases water solubility and facilitates urinary excretion of phthalate, and reduces the potential biological activity because the putative biologically active species is the monoester metabolite. In this study, we report percentages of glucuronidation of four common phthalate monoesters, monoethyl (mEP), monobutyl (mBP), monobenzyl (mBzP), and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (mEHP) in a subset of urine (mEP n=262, mBP n=283, mBzP n=328, mEHP n=119) and serum (mEP n=93, mBP n=149, mEHP n=141) samples from the general US population. The percentages of free and conjugated monoester excreted in urine differed for the various phthalates. For the more lipophilic monoesters (i.e., mBP, mBzP, and mEHP), the geometric mean of free monoester excretion ranged from 6 to 16%. The contrary was true for the most hydrophilic monoester, mEP, for which about 71% was excreted in urine as its free monoester. Furthermore, percentages of free and conjugated monoesters were similar for mEP, mBP and mEHP among serum and urine samples. Serum mBzP was largely below the method limit of detection. Interestingly, the serum mEP and mBP levels were less than 3% and 47%, respectively, of their urinary levels, whereas the level of mEHP was similar both in urine and serum.
Human metabolism of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) was studied after a single oral dose of 48.1 mg to a male volunteer. To avoid interference by background exposure the D4-ring-labelled DEHP analogue was dosed. Excretion of three metabolites, mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate (5OH-MEHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate (5oxo-MEHP) and mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP), was monitored for 44 h in urine and for 8 h in serum. Peak concentrations of all metabolites were found in serum after 2 h and in urine after 2 h (MEHP) and after 4 h (5OH-MEHP and 5oxo-MEHP). While the major metabolite in serum was MEHP, the major metabolite in urine was 5OH-MEHP, followed by 5oxo-MEHP and MEHP. Excretion in urine followed a multi-phase elimination model. After an absorption and distribution phase of 4 to 8 h, half-life times of excretion in the first elimination phase were approximately 2 h with slightly higher half-life times for 5OH- and 5oxo-MEHP. Half-life times in the second phase-beginning 14 to 18 h post dose-were 5 h for MEHP and 10 h for 5OH-MEHP and 5oxo-MEHP. In the time window 36 to 44 h, no decrease in excreted concentrations of 5OH- and 5oxo-MEHP was observed. In the first elimination phase (8 to 14 h post dose), mean excretion ratios of MEHP to 5oxo-MEHP and MEHP to 5OH-MEHP were 1 to 1.8 and 1 to 3.1. In the second elimination phase up to 24 h post dose mean excretion ratios of MEHP to 5oxo-MEHP to 5OH-MEHP were 1 to 5.0 to 9.3. The excretion ratio of 5OH-MEHP to 5oxo-MEHP remained constant through time at 1.7 in the mean. After 44 h, 47% of the DEHP dose was excreted in urine, comprising MEHP (7.3%), 5OH-MEHP (24.7%) and 5oxo-MEHP (14.9%).
Experimental evidence has shown that certain phthalates can disrupt endocrine function and induce reproductive and developmental toxicity. However, few data are available on the extent of human exposure to phthalates during pregnancy. As part of the research being conducted by the Columbia Center for Children's Environmental Health, we have measured levels of phthalates in 48-hr personal air samples collected from parallel cohorts of pregnant women in New York, New York, (n = 30) and in Krakow, Poland (n = 30). Spot urine samples were collected during the same 48-hr period from the New York women (n = 25). The following four phthalates or their metabolites were measured in both personal air and urine: diethyl phthalate (DEP), dibutyl phthalate (DBP), diethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP), and butyl benzyl phthalate (BBzP). All were present in 100% of the air and urine samples. Ranges in personal air samples were as follows: DEP (0.26-7.12 microg/m3), DBP (0.11-14.76 microg/m3), DEHP (0.05-1.08 microg/m3), and BBzP (0.00-0.63 microg/m3). The mean personal air concentrations of DBP, di-isobutyl phthalate, and DEHP are higher in Krakow, whereas the mean personal air concentration of DEP is higher in New York. Statistically significant correlations between personal air and urinary levels were found for DEP and monoethyl phthalate (r = 0.42, p < 0.05), DBP and monobutyl phthalate (r = 0.58, p < 0.01), and BBzP and monobenzyl phthalate (r = 0.65, p < 0.01). These results demonstrate considerable phthalate exposures during pregnancy among women in these two cohorts and indicate that inhalation is an important route of exposure.
Di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP), the most commonly used plasticizer in flexible polyvinylchloride formulations, is a ubiquitous environmental contaminant. To date, no information exists on the potential health hazards from exposure to DEHP and/or its main metabolite, mono-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP), in high-risk conditions, such as pregnancy and during the neonatal period. The aim of this study was to evaluate prenatal exposure to DEHP and/or MEHP and its possible biologic effects. We measured serum DEHP and MEHP concentrations in the cord blood of 84 consecutive newborns by high-performance liquid chromatography. Relationships between DEHP/MEHP and infant characteristics were tested using Fisher's exact test, unpaired t-tests, and univariate linear regression analyses, and significant differences on univariate analysis were evaluated using multiple logistic regression analysis. We found detectable cord blood DEHP and/or MEHP concentrations in 88.1% of the samples. Either DEHP or MEHP was present in 65 of 84 (77.4%) of the examined samples. Mean concentrations of DEHP and MEHP were 1.19 +/- 1.15 microg/mL [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.93-1.44, range = 0-4.71] and 0.52 +/- 0.61 microg/mL (95% CI, 0.39-0.66, range = 0-2.94), respectively. MEHP-positive newborns showed a significantly lower gestational age compared with MEHP-negative infants (p = 0.033). Logistic regression analysis results indicated a positive correlation between absence of MEHP in cord blood and gestational age at delivery (odds ratio = 1.50, 95% CI, 1.013-2.21; p = 0.043). These findings confirm that human exposure to DEHP can begin in utero and suggest that phthalate exposure is significantly associated with a shorter pregnancy duration.
In utero exposure of male rats to the antiandrogen di(n-butyl) phthalate (DBP) leads to decreased anogenital distance (AGD) on postnatal day (PND) 1, increased areolae retention on PND 13, malformations in the male reproductive tract, and histologic testicular lesions including marked seminiferous epithelial degeneration and a low incidence of Leydig cell (LC) adenomas on PND 90. One objective of this study was to determine the incidence and persistence of decreased AGD, increased areolae retention, and LC adenomas in adult rats following in utero DBP exposure. A second objective was to determine whether AGD and areolae retention during the early postnatal period are associated with lesions in the male reproductive tract. Pregnant Crl:CD(SD)BR rats were gavaged with corn oil or DBP at 100 or 500 mg/kg/day, 10 dams per group. Three replicates of rats (n = 30 rats per replicate) were exposed from gestation day 12 to 21 and the male offspring allowed to mature to 6, 12, or 18 months of age. Gross malformations in the male reproductive tract and histologic lesions in the testes were similar to those previously described. However, testicular dysgenesis, a lesion of proliferating LCs and aberrant tubules that has not been previously described in DBP-exposed testes, was diagnosed. The incidence of this lesion was approximately 20% unilateral and 7-18% bilateral in the high-dose group and was similar among all ages examined, implicating a developmental alteration rather than an age-related change. AGD and areolae retention were found to be permanent changes following in utero exposure to 500 mg/kg/day of DBP. Decreased AGD was a sensitive predictor of lesions in the male reproductive tract, relatively small changes in AGD were associated with a significant incidence of male reproductive malformations. In utero DBP exposure induced proliferative developmental lesions, some of which would have been diagnosed as LC adenomas by the morphological criteria set forth by the Society of Toxicologic Pathology. However, these lesions were dissimilar to traditional LC adenomas as the LCs were poorly differentiated and the lesions contained aberrant seminiferous tubules. While the morphology and incidence of this DBP-induced testicular developmental lesion has been fully characterized by this study, the detailed pathogenesis warrants further investigation.
A rapid and sensitive method for the determination of the phthalate monoesters monoethyl phthalate (MEP), monobutyl phthalate (MBP), monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP) and monoethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP), in human urine, using packed capillary column liquid chromatography coupled to electrospray quadrupole-ion trap mass spectrometry (ESI-QITMS(n)) has been developed. Sample volumes of 200 microL of deconjugated and diluted urine were loaded onto a precolumn of 30 mmx0.32 mm I.D. packed with Hypercarb 5 microm particles, using a sample carrier consisting of acetonitrile/water (15/85, v/v, adjusted to pH 2 using HCl) with a flow rate of 20 microL/min. Backflushed elution onto a 100 mmx0.32 mm I.D. analytical column packed with 5 microm Hypercarb particles was conducted using a tetrahydrofuran/water gradient where both solvents contained 10 mM ammonium acetate, at a flow rate of 4 microL/min. Determination of the monophthalates was achieved within 8 min. Ionization was performed in the negative mode and the analytes were observed as [M-H](-) at m/ z=193.1, 221.1, 255.1 and 277.0 for MEP, MBP, MBzP and MEHP, respectively. Quantification was performed in the multiple reaction monitoring (MRM) mode monitoring the fragments at m/ z=121.1, 177.0, 183.0 and 233.0 for MEP, MBP, MBzP and MEHP, respectively. The method was validated over the concentration range 2.5-125 ng/mL in pretreated urine samples, corresponding to 25-1250 ng/mL untreated urine, yielding correlation coefficients in the range 0.996-0.999. The within-assay ( n=6) and between-assay ( n=6) repeatabilities were in the range 4.0-18% and 4.8-15% RSD, respectively. The mass limits of detection were in the range 32-70 pg, corresponding to concentration limits of detection of 1.6-3.5 ng/mL of untreated urine.
The general population is exposed to phthalates through consumer products, diet, and medical devices. The present study explored whether phthalates, reproductive toxins in laboratory animals, were associated with altered sperm movement characteristics in men. Two-hundred twenty subjects provided a semen sample for computer-aided sperm analysis (CASA) and a urine sample for measurement of phthalate monoesters, monoethyl (MEP), monobenzyl (MBzP), mono-n-butyl (MBP), mono-2-ethylhexyl (MEHP), and monomethyl (MMP). Three CASA parameters, straight-line velocity (VSL), curvilinear velocity (VCL), and linearity (LIN), were used as measures of sperm progression, sperm vigor, and swimming pattern, respectively. There were suggestive dose-response relationships (shown as the predicted change in mean sperm motion parameter for the second and third tertiles compared with the first tertile; P value for trend) for MBzP with VSL (-2.36 microm/s, -2.81 microm/s; P =.09) and VCL (-1.67 microm/s, -2.45 microm/s; P =.4). There were suggestive negative associations between MBP and VSL (-3.07 microm/s, -2.87 microm/s; P =.08) and VCL (-3.25 microm/s, -3.46 microm/s; P =.2), and between MEHP with VSL (-1.09 microm/s, -2.73 microm/s; P =.1) and VCL (-0.29 microm/s, -2.93 microm/s; P =.3). In contrast to the other phthalates, MEP was positively associated with VSL and VCL but negatively associated with LIN. No consistent relationship was found for MMP and any sperm motion parameter. Although we did not find statistically significant associations, trends between CASA parameters, sperm velocity, and forward progression, and increased urinary levels of MBP, MBzP, and MEHP warrant further follow-up.
A comparison of the dose-dependent blood burden of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) in pregnant and nonpregnant rats and marmosets is presented. Sprague-Dawley rats and marmosets were treated orally with 30 or 500 mg DEHP/kg per day, nonpregnant animals on 7 (rats) and 29 (marmosets) consecutive days, pregnant animals on gestation days 14-19 (rats) and 96-124 (marmosets). In addition, rats received a single dose of 1000 mg DEHP/kg. Blood was collected up to 48 h after dosing. Concentrations of DEHP and MEHP in blood were determined by GC/MS. In rats, normalized areas under the concentration-time curves (AUCs) of DEHP were two orders of magnitude smaller than the normalized AUCs of the first metabolite MEHP. Metabolism of MEHP was saturable. Repeated DEHP treatment and pregnancy had only little influence on the normalized AUC of MEHP. In marmosets, most of MEHP concentration-time courses oscillated. Normalized AUCs of DEHP were at least one order of magnitude smaller than those of MEHP. In pregnant marmosets, normalized AUCs of MEHP were similar to those in nonpregnant animals with the exception that at 500 mg DEHP/kg per day, the normalized AUCs determined on gestation days 103, 117, and 124 were distinctly smaller. The maximum concentrations of MEHP in blood of marmosets were up to 7.5 times and the normalized AUCs up to 16 times lower than in rats receiving the same daily oral DEHP dose per kilogram of body weight. From this toxicokinetic comparison, DEHP can be expected to be several times less effective in the offspring of marmosets than in that of rats if the blood burden by MEHP in dams can be regarded as a dose surrogate for the MEHP burden in their fetuses.
Exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is prevalent based on the measurement of its hydrolytic metabolite mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) in the urine of 78% of the general U.S. population studied in the 1999-2000 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). However, despite the high level of production and use of DEHP, the urinary MEHP levels in the NHANES samples were lower than the monoester metabolites of phthalates less commonly used than DEHP, suggesting metabolic differences between phthalates. We measured MEHP and two oxidative DEHP metabolites, mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP) and mono (2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP) to verify whether these other metabolites account for a greater proportion of DEHP metabolic products in 127 paired human urine and serum samples. We found that the urinary levels of MEHHP and MEOHP were 10-fold higher than levels of MEHP; concentrations of urinary MEOHP and MEHHP were strongly correlated (r = 0.928). We also found that the serum levels of MEOHP and MEHHP were comparatively lower than those in urine. Furthermore, the glucuronide-bound conjugates of the oxidative metabolites were the predominant form in both urine and serum. MEOHP and MEHHP cannot be formed by serum enzymes from the hydrolysis of any contamination from DEHP potentially introduced during blood collection and storage. Therefore, concentrations of MEHHP and MEOHP in serum may be a more selective measure of DEHP exposure than is MEHP. However, additional data on the absorption, distribution, metabolism, and elimination of these oxidative metabolites are needed to completely understand the extent of DEHP exposure from the serum concentrations of oxidative DEHP metabolites.
We measured the urinary monoester metabolites of seven commonly used phthalates in approximately 2,540 samples collected from participants of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), 1999-2000, who were greater than or equal to 6 years of age. We found detectable levels of metabolites monoethyl phthalate (MEP), monobutyl phthalate (MBP), monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP), and mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) in > 75% of the samples, suggesting widespread exposure in the United States to diethyl phthalate, dibutyl phthalate or diisobutylphthalate, benzylbutyl phthalate, and di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, respectively. We infrequently detected monoisononyl phthalate, mono-cyclohexyl phthalate, and mono-n-octyl phthalate, suggesting that human exposures to di-isononyl phthalate, dioctylphthalate, and dicyclohexyl phthalate, respectively, are lower than those listed above, or the pathways, routes of exposure, or pharmacokinetic factors such as absorption, distribution, metabolism, and elimination are different. Non-Hispanic blacks had significantly higher concentrations of MEP than did Mexican Americans and non-Hispanic whites. Compared with adolescents and adults, children had significantly higher levels of MBP, MBzP, and MEHP but had significantly lower concentrations of MEP. Females had significantly higher concentrations of MEP and MBzP than did males, but similar MEHP levels. Of particular interest, females of all ages had significantly higher concentrations of the reproductive toxicant MBP than did males of all ages; however, women of reproductive age (i.e., 20-39 years of age) had concentrations similar to adolescent girls and women 40 years of age. These population data on exposure to phthalates will serve an important role in public health by helping to set research priorities and by establishing a nationally representative baseline of exposure with which population levels can be compared.
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is used as a plastic softener in the polymer industry and is widespread in medical devices. DEHP has been incriminated as an endocrine-disrupting chemical, and the effects of DEHP in various species have included disturbances in the reproductive system. The effects of the chemical have varied, depending upon exposure routes and species. This study was performed in order to characterise the kinetics of DEHP and its metabolite mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) in the young male pig, an omnivore model-species for research in reproductive toxicology. Eight pigs were given 1000 mg DEHP/kg bodyweight by oral gavage. The concentrations of DEHP and MEHP were then measured in the plasma and tissues of the pigs at different time points after administration. There was no consistent rise above contamination levels of concentrations of DEHP in the plasma of the pigs. However, the metabolite MEHP reached the systemic blood circulation. The half-life of MEHP in the systemic blood circulation was calculated to be 6.3 h. Absorption from the intestine was biphasic in six of the eight pigs and the mono-exponential elimination-phase started 16 h after the after the administration of DEHP. To conclude, MEHP consistently reaches the systemic circulation in the pig when DEHP is administered orally. The kinetic pattern of the parent substance on the other hand is more difficult to characterise.
Exposure to phthalates is widespread because of their use in plastics, cosmetics, and other consumer products. Phthalate exposure has been associated with adverse respiratory outcomes in children. With urinary phthalate measures, we assessed the association between phthalate exposure and four pulmonary function parameters [forced vital capacity (FVC), forced expiratory volume at 1 sec (FEV1), peak expiratory flow (PEF), and maximum mid-expiratory flow] among the 240 adult Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES III) participants with urinary phthalate data. Linear regression models controlled for race, age, age squared, standing height, body mass index, cumulative smoking, and current smoking. Monobutyl phthalate (MBP) was significantly associated with decrements in three measures of pulmonary function (FVC, FEV1, PEF) in males but not in females. For a change from the 25th to the 75th percentile in MBP level among men, FEV1 decreased 112 mL (SE = 51, p = 0.03). Monoethyl phthalate (MEP) was associated with lower FVC and FEV1 values in men. Monoethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP), the metabolite of the plasticizer commonly used in medical tubing, was not adversely associated with any of the pulmonary function parameters evaluated. Our results suggest that MBP and MEP, but not MEHP, may influence pulmonary function among adult males.
This study deals with in vitro investigation of the release of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) during hemodialysis and pump-oxygenation therapy using medical grade PVC tubing. High resolution GC-MS analysis showed that the release of DEHP was time-dependently increased by circulation of bovine blood into a major system for the hemodialysis that is used in Japan, and the amount of DEHP released into the blood had reached 7.3 mg by 4 h of circulation. No significant difference was observed in the release patterns of DEHP under the conditions with and without fluid removal treatment during hemodialysis, indicating that the treatment seems not to be effective for eliminating DEHP from the blood through the hemodialysis membrane. Mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP) analysis revealed that a small amount of DEHP (3-4%) was converted to MEHP by hydrolysis during the circulation of blood. A considerable amount of DEHP was also released from the PVC circuit mimicking the pump-oxygenation system, and 7.5-12.1 mg of DEHP had migrated into bovine blood from the circuit by 6 h. It was noticed, however, that the release was obviously suppressed by covalently coating the inner surface of the PVC tubing with heparin, though this effect was not observed with ionic bond type-heparin coating. Covalent bond type-heparin coating of PVC tubing seems to offer the advantage of decreasing the amount of DEHP exposure to patients during treatment using a PVC circuit.
Concentrations of mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP), and di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP), in serum of healthy volunteers were determined by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) with tandem mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS). The serum was extracted with acetone, followed by hexane extraction under acidic conditions, and then applied to the LC/MS/MS. Recoveries of 20 ng/ml of MEHP and DEHP were 101+/-5.7 (n=6) and 102+/-6.5% (n=6), respectively. The limits of quantification (LOQ) of MEHP and DEHP in the method were 5.0 and 14.0 ng/ml, respectively. The concentration of MEHP in the serum was at or less than the LOQ. The concentration of DEHP in the serum was less than the LOQ. Contaminations of MEHP and DEHP from experimental reagents, apparatus and air during the procedure were less than the LOQ and were estimated to be <1.0 and 2.2+/-0.6 ng/ml, respectively. After subtraction of the contamination, the net concentrations of MEHP and DEHP in the serum were estimated at or <5 and <2 ng/ml, respectively. To decrease contamination by DEHP, the cleanup steps and the apparatus and solvent usage were minimized in the sample preparation procedures. The high selectivity of LC/MS/MS is the key for obtaining reliable experimental data from in the matrix-rich analytical samples and for maintaining a low level contamination of MEHP and DEHP in this experimental system. This method would be a useful tool for the detection of MEHP and DEHP in serum.
We improved our previous analytical method to measure phthalate metabolites in urine as biomarkers for phthalate exposure by automating the solid-phase extraction (SPE) procedure and expanding the analytical capability to quantify four additional metabolites: phthalic acid, mono-3-carboxypropyl phthalate, mono-isobutyl phthalate (miBP), and monomethyl isophthalate. The method, which involves automated SPE followed by isotope dilution-high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC)-electrospray ionization (ESI)-tandem mass spectrometry (MS), allows for the quantitative measurement of 15 phthalate metabolites in urine with detection limits in the low ng/ml range. SPE automation allowed for the unattended sequential extraction of up to 100 samples at a time, and resulted in an increased sample throughput, lower solvent use, and better reproducibility than the manual SPE. Furthermore, the modified method permitted for the first time, the separation and quantification of mono-n-butyl phthalate (mBP) and its structural isomer miBP. The method was validated on spiked pooled urine samples and on pooled urine samples from persons with no known exposure to phthalates.
Phthalates are a group of multifunctional chemicals used in consumer and personal care products, plastics, and medical devices. Laboratory studies show that some phthalates are reproductive and developmental toxicants. Recently, human studies have shown measurable levels of several phthalates in most of the U.S. general population. Despite their widespread use and the consistent toxicologic data on phthalates, information is limited on sources and pathways of human exposure to phthalates. One potential source of exposure is medications. The need for site-specific dosage medications has led to the use of enteric coatings that allow the release of the active ingredients into the small intestine or in the colon. The enteric coatings generally consist of various polymers that contain plasticizers, including triethyl citrate, dibutyl sebacate, and phthalates such as diethyl phthalate (DEP) and dibutyl phthalate (DBP). In this article we report on medications as a potential source of exposure to DBP in a man who took Asacol [active ingredient mesalamine (mesalazine)] for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. In a spot urine sample from this man collected 3 months after he started taking Asacol, the concentration of monobutyl phthalate, a DBP metabolite, was 16,868 ng/mL (6,180 micro g/g creatinine). This concentration was more than two orders of magnitude higher than the 95th percentile for males reported in the 1999-2000 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). The patient's urinary concentrations of monoethyl phthalate (443.7 ng/mL, 162.6 micro g/g creatinine), mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (3.0 ng/mL, 1.1 micro g/g creatinine), and monobenzyl phthalate (9.3 ng/mL, 3.4 micro g/g creatinine) were unremarkable compared with the NHANES 1999-2000 values. Before this report, the highest estimated human exposure to DBP was more than two orders of magnitude lower than the no observable adverse effect level from animal studies. Further research is necessary to determine the proportional contribution of medications, as well as personal care and consumer products, to a person's total phthalate burden.
BACKGROUND & OBJECTIVES: Di (2-ethyl hexyl) phthalate (DEHP), a plasticizer commonly used in PVC blood storage bags leaches out in significant amounts into blood during storage. In view of many reports on the toxicity of this compound, it was considered necessary to investigate the effect of DEHP at the low level solubilized in blood on some important hormones in rats and in human blood stored in DEHP plasticized blood bags. METHODS: Rats were administered DEHP at a low level of 750 microg/100 g body weight on alternate days for 14 days. Changes in the serum insulin, blood glucose, liver glycogen level and T3, T4 and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) as well as cortisol in the serum were studied. Changes in the hormones were also studied in blood stored in DEHP plasticized PVC bags. RESULTS: The results indicated decrease in serum insulin, cortisol and liver glycogen, and increase in blood glucose, serum T3 and T4 in rats receiving DEHP. These changes were reversed when administration of DEHP was stopped. Similar changes in hormones were also observed in the blood stored in DEHP plasticized blood bags. INTERPRETATION & CONCLUSION: The results indicated that administration of DEHP at low levels to rats caused symptoms of diabetes, thyroid and adrenocortical dysfunction. Though the results obtained in rats cannnot be extrapolated to human, the fact that similar hormonal changes seen in human blood stored in DEHP plasticized blood bags may suggest possibility of DEHP causing similar changes in human. The fact that these changes were reversed in rats when DEHP administration was stopped, indicates that transfusion of a few units of blood to a recipient may not be harmful, but it may pose a problem during repeated transfusions such as in thalassaemia patients. 
BACKGROUND: There is an ongoing discussion about the risks of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) exposure for the general population as well as for specific subgroups in various medical settings. Haemodialysis patients certainly belong to the group with the highest exposure taking into account the repeated treatments over a long period of time. Many studies have shown that DEHP metabolites are more active with regard to cellular responses than DEHP itself. Although 4-heptanone has been shown to be a DEHP metabolite in rats, this has never been tested in humans. On the other hand, 4-heptanone was reported to be associated with diabetes mellitus. METHODS: After establishing analytical methods for all postulated metabolites, we analysed (i) plasma samples from 50 patients on haemodialysis and 50 controls; (ii) urine samples from 100 diabetic patients and 100 controls; and (iii) urine samples from 10 controls receiving DEHP intravenously. RESULTS: 4-Heptanone concentrations in urine did not differ between controls (128.6+/-11.4 micro g/l, mean+/- SEM) and diabetic patients (131.2+/-11.6 micro g/l) but were significantly elevated in plasma from haemodialysis patients (95.9+/-9.6 micro g/l) compared with controls (10.4+/-0.5 micro g/l). Exposure to DEHP led to a significant increase (P<0.001) of the metabolite 4-heptanone and all the proposed intermediates in urine of healthy persons within 24 h. CONCLUSIONS: These studies show that 4-heptanone is not associated with diabetes but is a major DEHP metabolite in humans. Studies concerning the toxicity of DEHP in haemodialysis patients and other highly exposed groups should therefore include 4-heptanone together with DEHP and its primary metabolites mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) and 2-ethylhexanol. 
Bronchial asthma is mediated, in part, by the immunoregulatory cytokines interleukins 4 and 13 (IL-4 and IL-13). These cytokines stimulate IgE synthesis that in turn is associated with airway hyper-responsiveness. Compounds that stimulate IgE synthesis and elicit bronchial reactivity are generally considered to be respiratory sensitizers. Recently, it has been hypothesized that exposure to phthalates may contribute to childhood asthma. To address this question, di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) was tested using a protocol adapted from work by Dearman that involves topical application (and challenge) of test substances to mice followed by measurements of total serum IgE. In addition, auricular lymph nodes were harvested for measurement of IL-4 and IL-13 proteins and their corresponding messenger RNAs. Because skin absorption of high molecular weight phthalates is limited, liver weight increase, a measure of peroxisomal proliferation, was monitored to assure that internal dosing had been achieved. ELISA and RNAse protection assays demonstrated that DEHP treatment did not significantly affect IgE, IL-4, or IL-13 levels. Similarly, IL-4 and IL-13 mRNA levels were not elevated. In contrast, all of these were significantly elevated by trimellitic anhydride (TMA), a respiratory sensitizer used as the positive control in this assay. Liver weights were significantly elevated by DEHP, providing evidence of sufficient percutaneous absorption to induce physiological responses. To extend these observations, three other commercial phthalate ester plasticizers, di-isononyl phthalate (DINP), di-isohexyl phthalate (DIHP), and butyl benzyl phthalate (BBP), were assessed using the same protocol. As above, ELISA and RNAse protection assays showed that IgE, IL-4, and IL-13 proteins, and IL-4 and IL-13 mRNAs in the phthalate-treated animals were all at levels similar to that of control values. The positive control, TMA, produced large, statistically significant increases in all parameters, demonstrating responsiveness of the assay. Another control, dinitrochlorobenzene (DNCB), a contact sensitizer, also responded as expected, producing smaller but statistically significant increases in IgE and in mRNA for IL-4 and IL-13 but not in the levels of these cytokines. In summary, treatment with DEHP, DINP, DIHP, and BBP did not result in significant elevations in total serum IgE, IL-4, or IL-13. As such it is unlikely that these substances would produce antibody-mediated respiratory allergy.
Solid-phase microextraction (SPME) coupled to gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) was applied to the determination of phthalate esters in human serum. The present method decreased the sample preparation time by a factor of 50 by using direct immersion SPME with an 85-microm polyacrylate fiber to extract phthalate esters from the matrix. The use of fast GC/MS further improves total analysis time when compared to other techniques. Isotope dilution was successfully applied to improve the precision, reproducibility, and repeatability of the SPME method. The linear dynamic range spans several orders of magnitude from low ppb to ppm levels, and the LOD for the method is 15 pg microL(-1) on average with RSDs less than 4% for the six phthalate esters included in this study.
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is used to make polyvinyl chloride (PVC) plastic tubing soft and flexible. Animal data show that adverse effects of DEHP exposure may include reduced fertility, reduced sperm production in males, and ovarian dysfunction in females. Known treatments that involve high DEHP exposures are blood exchange transfusions, extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO), and cardiovascular surgery. Although potential exposure to DEHP in ECMO patients is significant, the exposure has not been associated with short-term toxicity. To evaluate long-term toxicity, we undertook a study of neonatal ECMO survivors to assess their onset of puberty and sexual maturity. We evaluated 13 male and 6 female subjects at 14-16 years of age who had undergone ECMO as neonates. All subjects had a complete physical examination including measurements for height, weight, head circumference, and pubertal assessment by Tanner staging. The testicular volume and the phallic length were measured in male participants. Laboratory tests included thyroid, liver, and renal function as well as measurements of luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, testosterone for males, and estradiol for females. Except for one patient with Marfan syndrome, the rest had normal growth percentile for age and sex. All had normal values for thyroid, liver, and renal functions. Sexual hormones were appropriate for the stage of pubertal maturity. Our results indicate that adolescents exposed to significant quantities of DEHP as neonates showed no significant adverse effects on their physical growth and pubertal maturity. Thyroid, liver, renal, and male and female gonadal functions tested were within normal range for age and sex distribution. Key Words: DEHP, ECMO, toxicity.
The consequence of mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP)-induced injury of testicular Sertoli cells is the Fas-dependent apoptotic elimination of germ cells. In addition to the well-known ability of p53 to regulate the transcription of various apoptosis-associated proteins, p53 also has been implicated in mediating the localization of Fas to the plasma membrane of various cell types in a transcription-independent manner. To resolve the role of p53 in MEHP-mediated testicular toxicity, we used wild-type (p53(+/+)) and p53 knockout (p53(-/-)) mice. A significantly lower incidence of TUNEL-positive germ cells was observed in p53(-/-) mice compared to p53(+/+) mice at 1, 1.5, and 24 h after MEHP exposure. In these same mice, an induction of Fas and death receptor-5 (DR5) in testicular membrane preparations was observed only in p53(+/+) mice. Analyses of mRNA levels in testes of p53(+/+) and p53(-/-) mice by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction revealed that increases in membrane levels of Fas occurred in the absence of their transcriptional up-regulation. Processing of procaspase-8 was observed only in MEHP-treated p53(+/+) mice, and this correlated with the observed incidence of germ cell apoptosis. Interestingly, the p53 status of mice also influenced the stability of c-FLIP (L), a caspase-8 inhibitory protein, that was measured at levels approximately two- to fivefold higher in p53(-/-) mice after MEHP-exposure compared to those in p53(+/+) mice. Taken together, these data suggest that MEHP-induced germ cell apoptosis is dependent, in part, on the p53 protein and on its abilities to increase the localization of Fas and DR5 on the germ cell membrane as well as to decrease the cellular levels of c-FLIP (L).
The effect of amount of plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) amount on the amount of residual monomer vinyl chloride (VC) was determined in samples of plasticised polyvinyl chloride (PVC) with different concentration of plasticiser (22.32-33.05%), before and after sterilisation by a titrimetric method. The titrimetric method was used to determine the VC concentration in a KMnO4 solution where the samples were kept immersed under the same conditions for 2 h. The influence of PVC film extracts with different amounts of DEHP on mouse fibroblast cells L-929 in a culture medium was evaluated by using quantitative tests: the amount of cells (protein determination), viability (MTT test) and proliferation (incorporation of bromodeoxyuridine (BrDU). The amount of vinyl chloride before and after heat sterilisation at 120 degrees C for 30 min was found to be almost the same for all samples and without any dependence on the concentration of DEHP. The extracts of the PVC films which were tested have no toxic effect on cells in a culture medium.
The purpose of this study was to evaluate male reproductive-organ development in early postnatal male rats following neonatal exposure to di(n-butyl) phthalate (DBP) and identify a mechanism of action. Neonatal male rats were injected subcutaneously from d 5 to 14 after birth with corn oil (control) and DBP (5, 10, or 20 mg/animal). Animals were killed at postnatal day (PND) 31 and PND 42, respectively, and testes, epididymis, seminal vesicles, ventral prostate, levator ani plus bulbocavernosus muscles (LABC), and Cowper's glands were weighed. In addition, the expressions of androgen receptor (AR), estrogen receptors (ERs), and steroidogenic factor-1 (SF-1) were also examined in the testes. Total body weights gains were significantly reduced at PND 29-31, but gradually recovered on PND 42. However, DBP (20 mg/animal) significantly reduced the weights of testes and accessory sex organs (seminal vesicles, LABC, and Cowper's glands), but not of the epididymis. These adverse effects persisted through puberty at PND 42. Serum testosterone levels did not show any significant changes in the control and DBP treatment groups. Histomorphological examination showed mild diffuse Leydig-cell hyperplasia in the interstitium of severely affected tubules on PND 31. Only a few multinuclear germ cells were observed. DBP (20 mg/animal) significantly decreased the expression of AR, whereas ER expression and SF-1 expression were increased in a dose-dependent manner on PND 31 in the rat testes. On PND 42, DBP (20 mg/animal) significantly inhibited ER expression in the testes, but not AR, ER, and SF-1. These results demonstrate that neonatal exposure to DBP produces permanent changes in the endocrine system and leads to abnormal male reproductive-tract development until puberty. Thus our data suggest that DBP is likely to exert its antiandrogenic actions through disruption of AR or ER expression during the early neonatal stage.
Phthalates are a family of multifunctional chemicals widely used in personal care and other consumer products. The ubiquitous use of phthalates results in human exposure through multiple sources and routes, including dietary ingestion, dermal absorption, inhalation, and parenteral exposure from medical devices containing phthalates. We explored the temporal variability over 3 months in urinary phthalate metabolite levels among 11 men who collected up to nine urine samples each during this time period. Eight phthalate metabolites were measured by solid-phase extraction-high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Statistical analyses were performed to determine the between- and within-subject variance apportionment, and the sensitivity and specificity of a single urine sample to classify a subject's 3-month average exposure. Five of the eight phthalates were frequently detected. Monoethyl phthalate (MEP) was detected in 100% of samples; monobutyl phthalate, monobenzyl phthalate, mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP), and monomethyl phthalate were detected in > 90% of samples. Although we found both substantial day-to-day and month-to-month variability in each individual's urinary phthalate metabolite levels, a single urine sample was moderately predictive of each subject's exposure over 3 months. The sensitivities ranged from 0.56 to 0.74. Both the degree of between- and within-subject variance and the predictive ability of a single urine sample differed among phthalate metabolites. In particular, a single urine sample was most predictive for MEP and least predictive for MEHP. These results suggest that the most efficient exposure assessment strategy for a particular study may depend on the phthalates of interest.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates are used in personal and consumer products, food packaging materials, and polyvinyl chloride plastics and have been measured in the majority of the general population of the USA. Consistent experimental evidence shows that some phthalates are developmental and reproductive toxicants in animals. This study explored the association between environmental levels of phthalates and altered reproductive hormone levels in adult men. METHODS: Between 1999 and 2003, 295 men were recruited from Massachusetts General Hospital. Selected phthalate metabolites were measured in urine. Linear regression models explored the relationship between specific gravity-adjusted urinary phthalate monoester concentrations and serum levels of reproductive hormones, including FSH, LH, sex hormone-binding globulin, testosterone, and inhibin B. RESULTS: An interquartile range (IQR) change in monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP) exposure was significantly associated with a 10% [95% confidence interval (CI): -16, -4.0] decrease in FSH concentration. Additionally, an IQR change in monobutyl phthalate (MBP) exposure was associated with a 4.8% (95% CI: 0, 10) increase in inhibin B but this was of borderline significance. CONCLUSIONS: Although we found associations between MBP and MBzP urinary concentrations and altered levels of inhibin B and FSH, the hormone concentrations did not change in the expected patterns. Therefore, it is unclear whether these associations represent physiologically relevant alterations in these hormones, or whether they represent associations found as a result of conducting multiple comparisons. 
Diesters of 1,2-benzenedicarboxylic acid are a family of industrial compounds called "phthalates." The physical and chemical properties of these diesters, and therefore their potential uses, depend on the structure of the dialkyl or alkyl/aryl side chain. The urinary concentrations of phthalate monoesters, which are metabolites, have been used as biomarkers of human exposure to specific phthalates. However, several phthalates, particularly those with side chains of eight or more carbon atoms, are complex mixtures of isomers. For these, the phthalate metabolites to be used as biomarkers of exposure have not been unequivocally identified. We developed a method for assessing total exposure to phthalates, including the isomeric mixtures of high molecular weight phthalates, by measuring the concentration of phthalic acid (PA) in human urine after acid hydrolysis of the phthalate metabolites to PA. The present method accurately assesses total exposure to phthalates without noticeable contamination from the ubiquitous phthalates in the environment, but it gives no information about the parent phthalate.
Di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (DEHP) is a widely used plasticizer and ubiquitous environmental contaminant. The potential health hazards, including teratogenicity, from exposure to DEHP may be related to the role of DEHP or its metabolites in the trans-activation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs). Fetal essential fatty acid (EFA) homeostasis is controlled by directional transfer across the placenta through a highly regulated process, including PPAR activation. Using HRP-1 rat trophoblastic cells, the effects of DEHP and two of its metabolites, mono-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (MEHP) and 2-ethylhexanoic acid (EHA), on the mRNA and protein expression of the three known PPAR isoforms (alpha, beta, and gamma), fatty acid transport protein 1 (FATP1), plasma membrane fatty acid binding protein (FABPpm), and the heart cytoplasmic fatty acid binding protein (HFABP) were investigated. This study also investigated the functional effects of exposure on the uptake and transport of six long chain fatty acids (LCFAs): arachidonic acid (AA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), linoleic acid (LA), alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), oleic acid (OA), and stearic acid (SA). In the presence of DEHP, MEHP, and EHA, the expression of PPARalpha, PPARgamma, FATP1, and HFABP were up-regulated in a dose- and time- dependent manner, while PPARbeta and FABPpm demonstrated variable expression. The uptake rates of EFAs (AA, DHA, LA, ALA) increased significantly upon exposure, and the transport of AA (omega-6) and DHA (omega-3) were directionally induced. These results suggest that DEHP, MEHP, and EHA can influence EFA transfer across HRP-1 cells, implying that these compounds may alter placental EFA homeostasis and potentially result in abnormal fetal development.
We present a fast and reliable on-line clean-up HPLC-method for the simultaneous determination of the five major urinary metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) namely mono-(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl)phthalate (5carboxy-MEPP), mono-[2-(carboxymethyl)hexyl]phthalate (2carboxy-MMHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate (5OH-MEHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate (5oxo-MEHP) and mono-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP). These metabolites represent about 70% of an oral DEHP dose. We for the first time succeeded to reliably quantify 5carboxy-MEPP and to identify 2carboxy-MMHP as major metabolites in native urines of the general population. The analytical procedure consists of an enzymatic hydrolysis, on-line extraction of the analytes from urinary matrix by a restricted access material column (RAM), back-flush transfer onto the analytical column (betasil phenylhexyl), detection by ESI-tandem mass spectrometry and quantification by isotope dilution (limit of detection (LOD) 0.25 microg/l). Median concentrations of a small collective taken from the general population (n=19) were 85.5 microg/l (5carboxy-MEPP), 47.5 microg/l (5OH-MEHP), 39.7 microg/l (5oxo-MEHP), 9.8 microg/l (MEHP) and about 37 microg/l (2carboxy-MMHP). The presented method can provide insights into the actual internal burden of the general population and certain risk groups. It will help to further explore the human metabolism of DEHP-an occupational and environmental toxicant of great concern.
The metabolism of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) in humans was studied after three doses of 0.35 mg (4.7 microg/kg), 2.15 mg (28.7 microg/kg) and 48.5 mg (650 microg/kg) of D4-ring-labelled DEHP were administered orally to a male volunteer. Two new metabolites, mono(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl)phthalate (5cx-MEPP) and mono[2-(carboxymethyl)hexyl]phthalate (2cx-MMHP) were monitored for 44 h in urine and for 8 h in serum for the high-dose case, in addition to the three metabolites previously analysed: mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate (5OH-MEHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate (5oxo-MEHP) and mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP). For the medium- and low-dose cases, 24 h urine samples were analysed. Up to 12 h after the dose, 5OH-MEHP was the major urinary metabolite, after 12 h it was 5cx-MEPP, and after 24 h it was 2cx-MMHP. The elimination half-lives of 5cx-MEHP and 2cx-MMHP were between 15 and 24 h. After 24 h 67.0% (range: 65.8-70.5%) of the DEHP dose was excreted in urine, comprising 5OH-MEHP (23.3%), 5cx-MEPP (18.5%), 5oxo-MEHP (15.0%), MEHP (5.9%) and 2cx-MMHP (4.2%). An additional 3.8% of the DEHP dose was excreted on the second day, comprising 2cx-MMHP (1.6%), 5cx-MEPP (1.2%), 5OH-MEHP (0.6%) and 5oxo-MEHP (0.4%). In total about 75% of the administered DEHP dose was excreted in urine after two days. Therefore, in contrast to previous studies, most of the orally administered DEHP is systemically absorbed and excreted in urine. No dose dependency in metabolism and excretion was observed. The secondary metabolites of DEHP are superior biomonitoring markers compared to any other parameters, such as MEHP in urine or blood. 5OH-MEHP and 5oxo-MEHP in urine reflect short-term and 5cx-MEHP and 2cx-MMHP long-term exposure. All secondary metabolites are unsusceptible to contamination. Furthermore, there are strong hints that the secondary oxidised DEHP metabolites-not DEHP or MEHP-are the ultimate developmental toxicants.
Di-n-octyl phthalate (DnOP) is a plasticizer used in polyvinyl chloride plastics, cellulose esters, and polystyrene resins. The metabolism of DnOP results in the hydrolysis of one ester linkage to produce mono-n-octyl phthalate (MnOP), which subsequently metabolizes to form oxidative metabolites. We investigated the toxicokinetics of DnOP in adult female Sprague-Dawley rats by monitoring the excretion of DnOP metabolites in urine after oral administration of DnOP (300 mg/kg). By using authentic standards, the presence of urinary phthalic acid (PA), MnOP, and the major DnOP metabolite, mono-(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate (MCPP) was clearly established. Furthermore, we identified five additional urinary DnOP oxidative metabolites based on their chromatographic behavior and mass spectrometric fragmentation pattern. These DnOP oxidative metabolites, are postulated to be mono-carboxymethyl phthalate (MCMP), mono-(5-carboxy-n-pentyl) phthalate (MCPeP), mono-(7-carboxy-n-heptyl) phthalate (MCHpP), and isomers of mono-hydroxy-n-octyl phthalate (MHOP) (e.g., mono-(7-hydroxy-n-octyl) phthalate) and of mono-oxo-n-octyl phthalate (MOOP) (e.g., mono-(7-oxo-n-octyl) phthalate). The urinary excretion of DnOP metabolites followed a biphasic excretion pattern. The metabolite levels decreased significantly after the first day of DnOP administration although MCPP, MCHpP, MHOP, and MOOP were detectable after 4 days. We also studied the in vitro metabolism of DnOP and MnOP by rat liver microsomes. DnOP produced MnOP, MHOP, and PA in vitro whereas, MnOP produced MHOP and PA in vitro at detectable levels.
BACKGROUND: Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) is a plasticizer that can leach from medical devices including storage bags for plateletpheresis concentrates (PCs). In this study, the DEHP exposure to patients receiving PCs was determined and several variables were evaluated to reduce DEHP load to PC recipients. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: In 12 patients, serum DEHP was assessed before and after PC transfusion. For in vitro investigations, PCs were produced either with donor plasma or with 65 percent additive solution (AS; T-Sol) and stored for 5 days. Washing of PCs was performed according to AABB standards. DEHP levels were determined by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Transfusion of PCs led to a significant increase in serum DEHP. DEHP levels in the PCs continuously increased during storage, although the accumulation of DEHP was less in PCs stored in the AS, T-Sol, than when stored in plasma. Storage-related accumulation of DEHP contributed to a major part of the total DEHP load in PCs stored for 5 days. Washing of PCs led to a reduction of DEHP load. CONCLUSION: Recipients of PCs are exposed to DEHP, although the total amount represents only a small percentage of the defined tolerable intake. Reduction of storage time, the storage of PC in T-Sol, or the exchange of the storage medium before transfusion are practicable means to reduce the DEHP load in PC. 
Phthalates are used primarily as plasticizers to make polyvinyl chloride (PVC) soft and flexible. In recent years the phthalate esters have attracted increasing attention as environmental and biomedical pollutants and, because of their toxicological characteristics. In particular, they are more and more recognized as endocrine disrupters. In this context, we describe herein an efficient synthetic pathway leading to a series of metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP). Mono(2-ethylhexenyl) phthalate was used as starting material to obtain these products in good yield, large scale and GC-MS purity. The metabolites of DEHP were synthesized, for the first time, as biomarkers to verify their quantitative determination in human urine and serum by GC-MS analysis for studying the exposure to phthalates and establishing reference values.
We developed an on-line solid-phase extraction (SPE) method, coupled with isotope dilution high-performance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC/MS/MS) and with automated sample preparation, to simultaneously quantify 16 phthalate metabolites in human urine. The method requires a silica-based monolithic column for the initial preconcentration of the phthalate metabolites from the urine and a silica-based conventional analytical column for the chromatographic separation of the analytes of interest. It uses small amounts of urine (100 microL), is sensitive (limits of detection range from 0.11 to 0.90 ng/mL), accurate (spiked recoveries are approximately 100%), and precise (the inter- and intraday coefficients of variation are <10%). The method is not labor intensive, and, because pretreatment of the urine samples was performed automatically using an HPLC autosampler, involves minimal sample handling, thus minimizing exposure to hazardous chemicals. The method was validated on spiked, pooled urine samples and on urine samples from 43 adults with no known exposure to phthalates. The high sensitivity and high throughput (HPLC run time, including the preconcentration step, is 27 min) of this analytical method combined with the ease of use and effective automated sample preparation procedure make it suitable for large epidemiological studies to evaluate the prevalence of human exposure to phthalates.
BACKGROUND: The US FDA and The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare of Japan have indicated that the risk assessment of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) released from polyvinyl chloride (PVC) medical devices requires immediate attention. In particular, the analysis of the exposure to DEHP from blood bags is very important for medical treatment. However, human exposure to DEHP via blood transfusion remains poorly understood. We evaluated DEHP and mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) levels, migration patterns, and metabolism in blood products for the detailed assessment of exposure to DEHP. METHODS: A method that is based on column-switching liquid chromatography-electrospray mass spectrometry (LC-MS) coupled with on-line extraction was used for the direct analysis of DEHP and MEHP in the blood products. From the Japanese Red Cross Society, 78 blood products (red blood cell concentrate: n=18, irradiated red blood cell concentrate: n=18, whole blood: n=18, blood platelet: n=18, and frozen plasma: n=6) were sampled in January 2003 for use in this study. RESULTS: The detection levels of DEHP and MEHP ranged from 1.8 to 83.2 microg/ml and from 0.1 to 9.7 microg/ml, respectively. The levels of MEHP and DEHP in the blood products were increased with increasing storage time. In addition, whole blood products in PVC bags had the highest DEHP levels compared to the other blood products. Our results indicate that the maximum level of human exposure to DEHP released from blood bags is 0.7 mg/kg weight/time. CONCLUSION: This first quantitative evidence may be useful for the risk assessment of DEHP released from blood bags. 
BACKGROUND: High exposure to phthalates, which are ubiquitous contaminants, has been shown in animal studies to produce detrimental effects on male reproductive functions. A recent study in humans reported dose-response relations between low phthalate levels in urine and human semen parameters, which raises the question whether humans are more sensitive to phthalate exposure than animals. METHODS: Urine, serum, and semen samples were collected from 234 young Swedish men at the time of their medical conscript examination. Semen volume, sperm concentration, and motility were measured, together with sperm chromatin integrity (sperm chromatin structure assay) and biochemical markers of epididymal and prostatic function. We analyzed reproductive hormones in serum, and mono ethyl phthalate (MEP), mono ethylhexyl phthaltale (MEHP), mono benzyl phthalate (MBzP), mono butyl phthalate (MBP), and phthalic acid in urine. RESULTS: For MBP, MBzP, and MEHP, no clear pattern of associations were observed with any of the reproductive biomarkers. Subjects within the highest quartile for MEP had fewer motile sperm (mean difference = 8.8%; 95% confidence interval = 0.8-17), more immotile sperms (8.9%; 0.3-18), and lower luteinizing hormone values (0.7 IU/L; 0.1-1.2), but there was no suggestion of harmful effects for most other endpoints. Phthalic acid actually was associated with improved function, as measured by several markers. CONCLUSIONS: The observed weak associations between 1 phthalate biomarker and impairment of a few aspects of reproductive function biomarkers were not consistent with results from a recent U.S. study. It is not yet possible to conclude whether phthalate exposure may reflect a hazard for human male reproduction. 
BACKGROUND: Gestational exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP), a ubiquitous environmental contaminant, has been shown to interfere with the development of the male reproductive tract by acting as an antiandrogen. This study was conducted to identify the critical days for the abnormal development of the male reproductive tract, specifically the testis and epididymis. METHODS: Timed-pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were dosed with DBP at 500 mg/kg/day on gestation day (GD) 14 and 15, 15 and 16, 16 and 17, 17 and 18, 18 and 19, or 19 and 20 (GD 0=plug day). Anogenital distance (AGD) was measured on postnatal day (PND) 1 and 13, while areloa number was recorded on PND 13 only. After weaning, males were allowed to mature to PND 90 at which time they were necropsied. Areloa number and AGD were recorded and testes, epididymides, seminal vesicles, prostate gland, kidneys, and liver weighed. Blood serum was collected and assayed for total testosterone concentration. RESULTS: There were no observable effects on litter size, sex ratio, serum testosterone concentration, or mortality of pups. Statistically significant permanent reductions in AGD were seen in males exposed prenatally to DBP on GD 15 and 16 or GD 18 and 19. On PND 13, areola were present in males exposed to DBP on GD 15 and 16, 16 and 17, 17 and 18, and 19 and 20. However, permanent retention occurred only in males after DBP exposure on GD 16 and 17. Exposure to DBP on only GD 17 and 18 elicited a reduction in epididymal weights; while exposure on only GD 16 and 17 caused a significant increase in the weights of the testes due to edema. In this study, epididymal and testicular malformations were most prevalent after exposure to DBP on any gestational day. Epididymal malformations, characterized by agenesis of various regions and small or flaccid testes were significantly increased in DBP-exposed males only on GD 16 and 17. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that 2-day DBP exposure is highly detrimental to the developing reproductive tract of the male fetus and the critical window for abnormal development is GD 16-18. 
In assessment of exposure to environmental contaminants, the use of unconventional matrices is becoming an increasingly important area of research. Saliva is one of the most promising alternative matrices because its collection is easy, noninvasive, and inexpensive. In this study, we measured the salivary concentrations of 14 phthalate metabolites in 39 anonymous adult volunteers using isotope-dilution, automated solid phase extraction-high performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Seven phthalate metabolites were detected at the concentrations ranging from below the limit of detection (<1 ng/mL) to 10.6 ng/mL for phthalic acid, 3.1 ng/mL for monomethyl phthalate (MMP), 91.4 ng/mL for monoethyl phthalate (MEP), 65.8 ng/mL for mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP), 17.9 ng/mL for mono-iso-butyl phthalate, 353.6 ng/mL for monobenzyl phthalate, and 6.8 ng/mL for mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP). The frequency of detection was highest for MBP (85%) and lowest for MMP (8%). The median salivary MBP level in this group of adults was higher than the median serum MBP level in another non-occupationally exposed human adult population in the United States, whereas, the median salivary levels of MEP and MEHP were lower than the corresponding median serum levels. The frequency of detection and the salivary levels of each phthalate monoester in this study population were lower than the frequency of detection and urinary level of the same monoester in the general US population. Although urine is preferred for exposure assessment to non-persistent chemicals such as phthalates, the similar levels in serum and saliva suggest that saliva could be used as a surrogate matrix for measuring the bioavailable dose of phthalates in biomonitoring studies.
The dialkyl- or alkyl/aryl esters of 1,2-benzenedicarboxylic acid, commonly known as phthalates, are high-production-volume synthetic chemicals and ubiquitous environmental contaminants because of their use in plastics and other common consumer products. Di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is the most abundant phthalate in the environment. Humans are exposed to these compounds through ingestion, inhalation, and dermal exposure for their whole lifetime, since the intrauterine life. Public and scientific concern has increased in recent years about the potential health risks associated with exposure to phthalates. The main focus has moved away from the hepatotoxic effects to the endocrine disrupting potency of these chemicals. To date, although the consistent toxicologic data on phthalates is suggestive, information on sources and pathways of human exposure to phthalates is limited. Recently, exposure to phthalates has been assessed by analyzing urine for their metabolites. This approach is contrary to the determination of the parent phthalates in air, water and foodstuff and not subject to contamination. Furthermore, these metabolites and the parent phthalates are considered the toxic species. However, accurate methods and models for measuring the amount of phthalates absorbed by the various pathways of exposure have to be developed. In fact, a frequent biological monitoring of phthalates in body fluids and tissues would be highly advisable, both in helping physicians to perform health risk assessments for exposure in the general population and in guiding governments to provide regulations concerning the maximum allowed concentrations in the environment, plasticized products, medications and medical equipment.
Di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) appears to be a ubiquitous environmental contaminant, as indicated by its presence in air, water, and soil worldwide (Giam et al., 1980; ATSDR, 2001; Peterson & Freeman, 1982) and the presence of its major metabolite, monobutyl phthalate (MBP), in random human urine samples (Blount et al., 2000). Studies indicate that exposure to a variety of endocrine-disrupting chemicals, such as DBP, may be partially responsible for reported global amphibian declines; if so, amphibians may serve as ecological harbingers for the future of human health. Therefore, this study was undertaken to investigate the effects of environmentally relevant concentrations of DBP on development in Xenopus laevis African clawed frogs. Developmental effects of DBP on Xenopus embryos were determined using the 96-h frog embryo teratogenesis assay-Xenopus (FETAX). Embryos (n = 300/group) were exposed from gastrulation (stage 8-11) through primary organogenesis (stage 46) to 0.1, 0.5, 1, 5, 10, or 15 ppm DBP dissolved in 0.01% dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO), vehicle alone (0.01% DMSO; solvent control), or FETAX culture medium only (control; n = 600). At 96 h, mortalities for control, solvent control, and 0.1, 0.5, 1, 5, 10, and 15 ppm DBP were 5, 4, 6, 5, 5, 9, 18, and 52%, respectively; the incidence of developmental malformations in the surviving tadpoles was 7, 9, 15, 37, 51, 53, 90, and 100%. The average length of embryos was significantly lower in all DBP treatment groups. Thus, DBP significantly affected development of Xenopus embryos at low, environmentally relevant concentrations.
OBJECTIVES: We studied the range in urinary levels of 2-thiothiazolidine-4-carboxyl acid (TTCA), a metabolite of CS2 and phthalic acid (PA), a common metabolite of phthalates, across factories and departments in the contemporary rubber manufacturing industry. METHODS: Spot urine samples from 101 rubber workers employed in nine different factories were collected on Sunday and during the workweek on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday at approximately 4 pm. In total, 386 urine samples were successfully analyzed. RESULTS: Levels of both biomarkers increased significantly by a factor 2 (paired t-test P-value <0.05) during the working week as compared to the Sunday biomarker levels with absolute increases of approximately 70 microg/l and 5 micromol/mol creatinine for PA and TTCA, respectively. Levels in both biomarkers did not differ markedly between working days. Increases seemed to be restricted to specific factories and/or departments (e.g. molding and curing). CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study demonstrate that rubber workers in the contemporary rubber industry are exposed to phthalates and low levels of CS2 ( approximately 0.05 ppm) as measured by PA and TTCA, respectively. Exposures to both compounds are largely driven by specific circumstances in factories. Therefore, when estimating exposures to phthalates and CS2 detailed information should be collected on the type and amount of phthalate containing ester plasticizers, dithiocarbamates and thiurams used. Preferably, personal exposure data should be collected. In this case, biological monitoring seems a reasonable approach. However, in the case of PA attention should be given to individual background levels as this could lead to a substantial overestimation of the occupational contribution to total phthalate exposure. 
In this study we investigated human metabolism and excretion of DEHP after intravenous exposure. For this purpose we determined the five major DEHP metabolites in urine samples of a volunteer before and after a platelet donation (dual-needle technique). Plateletpheresis procedures are known to cause a significant DEHP exposure. We observed a sharp increase in urinary DEHP metabolite concentrations after the procedure. Maximum concentrations of 5OH-MEHP, 5oxo-MEHP, 5cx-MEPP and MEHP observed 4 h after the procedure were 822, 729, 577 and 388 microg/l respectively. 2cx-MMHP was excreted at highest concentrations after 8 h (201 microg/l). Due to longer elimination half-times, 5cx-MEPP and 2cx-MMHP were the major metabolites excreted in urine 24 h after the exposure. The 24-h-cumulative excretion of 363 microg 5cx-MEPP, 353 microg 5OH-MEHP, 309 microg 5oxo-MEHP, 178 microg MEHP and 133 microg 2cx-MMHP indicates an absolute exposure of our volunteer of about 2.6 mg DEHP. Related to the body weight this equals a dose of 31.6 microg/kg body weight/day. This indicates that current risk or preventive limit values for DEHP such as the RfD of the US EPA (20 microg/kg/day) and the TDI of the European Union (20-48 microg/kg/day) can be exceeded on the day of the plateletpheresis. The amount of the dose excreted in urine, distribution of the metabolites in urine and all other elimination characteristics after intravenous DEHP exposure are comparable to oral exposure. There are no indications that toxicokinetic behaviour and the toxicity of DEHP are fundamentally different after the two routes of exposure. Therefore, toxicological endpoints observed for DEHP after oral application should also be considered relevant for medical procedures causing intravenous DEHP exposure, like apheresis procedures. Especially women in their reproductive age need to be protected from DEHP exposures exceeding the above mentioned preventive limit values.
In Japan, the use of certain phthalates has been regulated. We analyzed the effectiveness of these measures using an analytical biomarker approach. We measured two phthalate metabolites, mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP) and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP) in urine samples from 36 participants using enzymatic deconjugation, offline solid phase extraction, and HPLC-ESI-MS/MS. From the levels measured and individual values of creatinine excretion rate the daily intake was determined and compared to each corresponding tolerable daily intake (TDI). The levels of urinary MBP and MEHP were < 1.8-280 and 0.76-25 microg/l, respectively. The ranges of the estimated daily intake of di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) and di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) from 35 adult urine samples were 0.22-4.5 and 0.37-7.3 microg/kg/ day, respectively. These values were lower than the corresponding TDIs. After comparing these values to previous exposure assessment data on DEHP in Japan, it could be seen that the DEHP intake dropped over the period from 1998 to 2001. Children were not covered in the present study, so the results may only be applicable to adults, not to the Japanese population at large. Even so, the small number of people in one specific geographic area cannot be considered representative of the adult Japanese population. In addition to MEHP, the secondary metabolites of DEHP, which are more suitable biomarkers should be measured in the future.
Prenatal phthalate exposure impairs testicular function and shortens anogenital distance (AGD) in male rodents. We present data from the first study to examine AGD and other genital measurements in relation to prenatal phthalate exposure in humans. A standardized measure of AGD was obtained in 134 boys 2-36 months of age. AGD was significantly correlated with penile volume (R = 0.27, p = 0.001) and the proportion of boys with incomplete testicular descent (R = 0.20, p = 0.02). We defined the anogenital index (AGI) as AGD divided by weight at examination [AGI = AGD/weight (mm/kg)] and calculated the age-adjusted AGI by regression analysis. We examined nine phthalate monoester metabolites, measured in prenatal urine samples, as predictors of age-adjusted AGI in regression and categorical analyses that included all participants with prenatal urine samples (n = 85). Urinary concentrations of four phthalate metabolites [monoethyl phthalate (MEP), mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP), monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP), and monoisobutyl phthalate (MiBP)] were inversely related to AGI. After adjusting for age at examination, p-values for regression coefficients ranged from 0.007 to 0.097. Comparing boys with prenatal MBP concentration in the highest quartile with those in the lowest quartile, the odds ratio for a shorter than expected AGI was 10.2 (95% confidence interval, 2.5 to 42.2). The corresponding odds ratios for MEP, MBzP, and MiBP were 4.7, 3.8, and 9.1, respectively (all p-values < 0.05). We defined a summary phthalate score to quantify joint exposure to these four phthalate metabolites. The age-adjusted AGI decreased significantly with increasing phthalate score (p-value for slope = 0.009). The associations between male genital development and phthalate exposure seen here are consistent with the phthalate-related syndrome of incomplete virilization that has been reported in prenatally exposed rodents. The median concentrations of phthalate metabolites that are associated with short AGI and incomplete testicular descent are below those found in one-quarter of the female population of the United States, based on a nationwide sample. These data support the hypothesis that prenatal phthalate exposure at environmental levels can adversely affect male reproductive development in humans.
Certain Phthalate esters have been shown to produce reproductive toxicity in male rodents with an age dependent sensitivity in effects with foetal animals being more sensitive than neonates which are in turn more sensitive than pubertal and adult animals. While the testicular effects of phthalates in rats have been known for more than 30 years, recent attention has been focused on the ability of these agents to produce effects on reproductive development in male offspring after in utero exposure. These esters and in particular di-butyl, di-(2-ethylhexyl) and butyl benzyl phthalates have been shown to produce a syndrome of reproductive abnormalities characterized by malformations of the epididymis, vas deferens, seminal vesicles, prostate, external genitalia (hypospadias), cryptorchidism and testicular injury together with permanent changes (feminization) in the retention of nipples/areolae (sexually dimorphic structures in rodents) and demasculinization of the growth of the perineum resulting in a reduced anogenital distance (AGD). Critical to the induction of these effects is a marked reduction in foetal testicular testosterone production at the critical window for the development of the reproductive tract normally under androgen control. A second Leydig cell product, insl3, is also significantly down regulated and is likely responsible for the cryptorchidism commonly seen in these phthalate-treated animals. The testosterone decrease is mediated by changes in gene expression of a number of enzymes and transport proteins involved in normal testosterone biosynthesis and transport in the foetal Leydig cell. Alterations in the foetal seminiferous cords are also noted after in utero phthalate treatment with the induction of multinucleate gonocytes that contribute to lowered spermatocyte numbers in postnatal animals. The phthalate syndrome of effects on reproductive development has parallels with the reported human testicular dysgenesis syndrome, although no cause and effect relationship exists after exposure of humans to phthalate esters. However humans are exposed to and produce the critical phthalate metabolites that have been detected in blood of the general population, in children and also human amniotic fluid.
The immediate and delayed effects of prepubertal exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) or oestradiol benzoate on the plasma concentrations of testosterone, oestradiol and LH, as well as testicular morphology were examined in prepubertal boars. In a split litter design experiment, prepubertal boars were intramuscularly exposed to DEHP, oestradiol or vehicle during five weeks, starting at six weeks of age. The dose of DEHP was 50mg/kg of bodyweight twice weekly, which is in the same range as recently used oral doses in rodents. Oestradiol-benzoate was administered at 0.25mg/kg of bodyweight twice weekly. One set of animals was examined immediately after the exposure, and the other set was examined at an age of 7.5 months. During the exposure period concentrations of LH in plasma were lower (p=0.02) in the oestradiol-treated animals than in the control group. In the group exposed to oestradiol, the relative to the body weight of the testicles tended to be lower (p=0.07) than control immediately after five weeks of exposure, and the relative to the body weight of the seminal vesicles tended to be lower (p=0.05) than control at 7.5 months of age. In the DEHP-exposed group an elevated (p=0.005) concentration of testosterone and increased (p=0.04) area of the Leydig cells in the testicles compared to the control group were seen at 7.5 months of age. These data suggest that DEHP early in life causes delayed effects on the reproductive system in the adult.
OBJECTIVE: Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is a plasticizer used in medical products made with polyvinyl chloride (PVC) plastic and may be toxic to humans. DEHP is lipophilic and binds noncovalently to PVC, allowing it to leach from these products. Medical devices containing DEHP are used extensively in neonatal intensive care units (NICUs). Among neonates in NICUs, we studied exposure to DEHP-containing medical devices in relation to urinary levels of mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), a metabolite of DEHP. DESIGN: We used a cross-sectional design for this study. PARTICIPANTS: We studied 54 neonates admitted to either of two level III hospital NICUs for at least 3 days between 1 March and 30 April 2003. MEASUREMENTS: A priori, we classified the infants' exposures to DEHP based on medical products used: The low-DEHP exposure group included infants receiving primarily bottle and/or gavage feedings; the medium exposure group included infants receiving enteral feedings, intravenous hyperalimentation, and/or nasal continuous positive airway pressure; and the high exposure group included infants receiving umbilical vessel catheterization, endotracheal intubation, intravenous hyperalimentation, and indwelling gavage tube. We measured MEHP in the infants' urine using automated solid-phase extraction/isotope dilution/high-performance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Urinary MEHP levels increased monotonically with DEHP exposure. For the low-, medium-, and high-DEHP exposure groups, median (interquartile range) MEHP levels were 4 (18), 28 (58), and 86 ng/mL (150), respectively (p = 0.004). After adjustment for institution and sex, urinary MEHP levels among infants in the high exposure group were 5.1 times those among infants in the low exposure group (p = 0.03). CONCLUSION: Intensive use of DEHP-containing medical devices in NICU infants results in higher exposure to DEHP as reflected by elevated urinary levels of MEHP. 
Two studies were designed to examine amniotic fluid and maternal urine concentrations of the di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) metabolite mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) and the di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) metabolite monobutyl phthalate (MBP) after administration of DEHP and DBP during pregnancy. In the first study, pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were administered 0, 11, 33, 100, or 300 mg DEHP/kg/day by oral gavage starting on gestational day (GD) 7. In the second study, DBP was administered by oral gavage to pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats at doses of 0, 100, or 250 mg/kg/day starting on GD 13. Maternal urine and amniotic fluid were collected and analyzed to determine the free and glucuronidated levels of MEHP and MBP. In urine, MEHP and MBP were mostly glucuronidated. By contrast, free MEHP and free MBP predominated in amniotic fluid. Statistically significant correlations were found between maternal DEHP dose and total maternal urinary MEHP (p=0.0117), and between maternal DEHP dose and total amniotic fluid MEHP levels (p=0.0021). Total maternal urinary MEHP and total amniotic fluid MEHP levels were correlated (Pearson correlation coefficient=0.968). Statistically significant differences were found in amniotic MBP levels between animals within the same DBP dose treatment group (p<0.0001) and between animals in different dose treatment groups (p<0.0001). Amniotic fluid MBP levels increased with increasing DBP doses, and high variability in maternal urinary levels of MBP between rats was observed. Although no firm conclusions could be drawn from the urinary MBP data, the MEHP results suggest that maternal urinary MEHP levels may be useful surrogate markers for fetal exposure to DEHP.
In a split-litter design experiment, boars were exposed orally three times weekly to 300 mg/kg of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) between 3 and 7 weeks of age. Post-puberty, i.e. at 6 months of age the effects on endocrinology and mating behavior were examined. The response to stimulation with a synthetic GnRH-analogue at 9 months of age resulted initially in lower concentration of LH in the exposed animals, compared to the control animals. We did not find any effects of DEHP on the mating behavior. Also, the effects of DEHP during the treatment period on the plasma concentrations of testosterone, oestradiol and LH were examined. During the exposure period there was a transient decrease in plasma concentrations of LH in the control group, which did not occur in the boars exposed to DEHP. The data suggest that DEHP in low repeated oral doses causes lasting effects on the hypothalamus-pituitary-gonadal axis.
Phthalates are multifunctional chemicals used in a variety of applications, including personal care products. The present study explored the relationship between patterns of personal care product use and urinary levels of several phthalate metabolites. Subjects include 406 men who participated in an ongoing semen quality study at the Massachusetts General Hospital Andrology Laboratory between January 2000 and February 2003. A nurse-administered questionnaire was used to determine use of personal care products, including cologne, aftershave, lotions, hair products, and deodorants. Phthalate monoester concentrations were measured in a single spot urine sample by isotope dilution-high-performance liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry. Men who used cologne or aftershave within 48 hr before urine collection had higher median levels of monoethyl phthalate (MEP) (265 and 266 ng/mL, respectively) than those who did not use cologne or aftershave (108 and 133 ng/mL, respectively). For each additional type of product used, MEP increased 33% (95% confidence interval, 14-53%). The use of lotion was associated with lower urinary levels of monobutyl phthalate (MBP) (14.9 ng/mL), monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP) (6.1 ng/mL), and mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) (4.4 ng/mL) compared with men who did not use lotion (MBP, 16.8 ng/mL; MBzP, 8.6 ng/mL; MEHP, 7.2 ng/mL). The identification of personal care products as contributors to phthalate body burden is an important step in exposure characterization. Further work in this area is needed to identify other predictors of phthalate exposure.
Di-n-octyl phthalate (DnOP) is found as a component of mixed C6-C10 linear-chain phthalates used as plasticizers in various polyvinyl chloride applications, including flooring and carpet tiles. Following exposure and absorption, DnOP is metabolized to its hydrolytic monoester, mono-n-octyl phthalate (MnOP), and other oxidative products. The urinary levels of one of these oxidative metabolites, mono-(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate (MCPP), were about 560-fold higher than MnOP in Sprague-Dawley rats dosed with DnOP by gavage. Furthermore, MCPP was also found in the urine of rats dosed with di-isooctyl phthalate (DiOP), di-isononyl phthalate (DiNP), di-isodecyl phthalate (DiDP), di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, and di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP), although at concentrations considerably lower than in rats given similar concentrations of DnOP. The comparatively much higher urinary concentrations of MCPP than of the hydrolytic monoesters of the high-molecular-weight phthalates DiOP, DiNP, and DiDP in the exposed rats suggest that these monoesters may be poor biomarkers of exposure to their precursor phthalates and may explain the relatively low frequency of detection of these monoester metabolites in human populations. MCPP and MnOP were also measured in 267 human urine samples. The frequent detection and higher urinary concentrations of MCPP than MnOP suggest that exposure to DnOP might be higher than previously thought based on the measurements of MnOP alone. However, because MCPP is also a minor metabolite of DBP and other phthalates in rats, and the metabolism of phthalates in rodents and humans may differ, additional data on the absorption, distribution, metabolism, and elimination of MCPP are needed to completely understand the extent of human exposure to DnOP from the urinary concentrations of MCPP.
Each year thousands of healthy volunteers undergo apheresis procedures to donate blood components and safe lives. However, many disposables used in apheresis contain di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP). This way, donors are exposed to DEHP, which is a reproductive and developmental toxicant in animals and a suspected endocrine modulator in humans. We quantified the DEHP exposure of six plasma donors, six discontinuous-flow platelet donors and six continuous-flow platelet donors by determining three specific metabolites in urine (5OH-MEHP: mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate; 5oxo-MEHP: mono(2-ethyl-5-oxo-hexyl)phthalate and MEHP: mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate). We found maximum concentrations in urine samples after the discontinuous-flow plateletpheresis procedure with 826 microg/l for 5OH-MEHP, 774 microg/l for 5oxo-MEHP and 266 microg/l for MEHP (mean of the six volunteers). Metabolite excretions were found to be significantly (p<0.0001) higher for both plateletpheresis techniques compared to plasmapheresis and controls. Continuous-flow plateletpheresis led to significantly higher (p<0.0001) excretions than discontinuous-flow plateletpheresis. Mean absolute DEHP exposures were 1.2 mg for discontinuous- and 2.1 mg for continuous-flow plateletpheresis. Exposure for plasmapheresis (0.37 mg) was in the range of the controls (0.41 mg). Mean DEHP doses for both plateletpheresis techniques (18.1 and 32.3 microg/kg/day) were close to or exceeded the reference dose (RfD) of the US EPA and tolerable daily intake (TDI) value of the EU on the day of the apheresis. Therefore, margins of safety might be insufficient to protect especially young men and women in their reproductive age from effects on reproductivity. At present, discontinuous-flow devices should be preferred to avert conceivable health risks from plateletpheresis donors. Strategies to avoid DEHP exposure of donors during apheresis need to be developed.
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is added to polyvinyl chloride (PVC) plastics used widely in medical devices and toys to impart flexibility and durability. DEHP produces reproductive and development toxicities in rodents. Initial metabolism of DEHP in animals and humans results in mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), which subsequently metabolizes to a wide range of oxidative metabolites before being excreted in urine and feces. We investigated the metabolism of DEHP in humans by identifying urinary oxidative metabolites of DEHP from individuals with urinary MEHP concentrations about 100 times higher than the median concentration in the general US population. In addition to the previously identified DEHP metabolites MEHP, mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate (MECPP), and mono(2-carboxymethylhexyl) phthalate (MCMHP), we also identified for the first time in humans three additional oxidative metabolites, mono(2-ethyl-3-carboxypropyl) phthalate (MECPrP), mono(2-ethyl-4-carboxybutyl) phthalate (MECBP), and mono(2-(1-oxoethyl)hexyl) phthalate (MOEHP) based on their chromatographic behavior and mass spectrometric fragmentation patterns. We also tentatively identified metabolites with two functional groups in the side alkyl chain as isomers of mono(2-hydroxyethyl-4-carboxybutyl) phthalate (MHECBP), mono(2-ethyl-4-oxo-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate (MEOCPP), and mono(2-ethyl-4-hydroxy-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate (MEHCPP). We report the presence of urinary DEHP metabolites in humans that have fewer than eight carbons in the alkyl chain. These metabolites were previously identified in rodents. Although quantitative information is not available, our findings suggest that, despite potential differences among species, the oxidative metabolism of DEHP in humans and rodents results in similar urinary metabolic products.
Phthalates are industrial chemicals with many commercial applications. Because of their common usage, the general population is exposed to phthalates. A sensitive and selective analytical method is necessary to accurately determine the phthalate levels in serum. We improved our previously developed analytical method to measure nine phthalate metabolites in human serum by automating the solid-phase extraction (SPE) procedure and by including five additional phthalate metabolites: phthalic acid; mono-isobutyl phthalate, a metabolite of di-isobutyl phthalate; mono-(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate, a major oxidative metabolite of di-n-octyl phthalate; and mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate and mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate, two oxidative metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate. Automation of the SPE eliminated the human variation associated with the manual SPE, thus improving the reproducibility of the measurements. Additional wash steps during SPE produced cleaner extracts and resulted in higher recoveries (80-99%) than the manual SPE method. Furthermore, the automated SPE method allowed for the unattended extraction of samples, with a concomitant increase in sample throughput compared to the manual SPE method. The method is accurate, precise, and sensitive, with limits of detection in the low nanogram-per-milliliter range.
Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) is a reproductive and developmental toxicant in animals and a suspected endocrine modulator in humans. There is widespread exposure to DEHP in the general population. Patients can be additionally exposed through DEHP-containing medical devices. Toxicokinetic and metabolic knowledge on DEHP in humans is vital not only for the toxicological evaluation of DEHP but also for exposure assessments based on human biomonitoring data. Secondary oxidized DEHP metabolites like mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate (5OH-MEHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate (5oxo-MEHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl)phthalate (5cx-MEPP) and mono-[2-(carboxymethyl)hexyl]phthalate (2cx-MMHP) are most valuable biomarkers of DEHP exposure. They represent the major share of DEHP metabolites excreted in urine (about 70% for these four oxidized metabolites vs. about 6% for MEHP); they are immune to external contamination and possibly the ultimate developmental toxicants. Long half-times of elimination make 5cx-MEPP and 2cx-MMHP excellent parameters to measure the time-weighted body burden to DEHP. 5OH-MEHP and 5oxo-MEHP more reflect the short-term exposure. We calculated the daily DEHP intake for the general population (n = 85) and for children (n = 254). Children were significantly higher exposed to DEHP than adults. Exposures at the 95th percentile (21 and 25 microg/kg/day, respectively) scooped out limit values like the Reference Dose (RfD, 20 microg/kg/day) and the Tolerable Daily Intake (TDI, 20-48 microg/kg/day) to a considerable degree. Up to 20-fold oversteppings for some children give cause for concern. We also detected significant DEHP exposures for voluntary platelet donors (n = 12, 38 microg/kg/apheresis, dual-needle technique). Premature neonates (n = 45) were exposed to DEHP up to 100 times above the limit values depending on the intensity of medical care (median: 42 microg/kg/day; 95th percentile: 1,780 microg/kg/day).
Human metabolism of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is complex and yields mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) and numerous oxidative metabolites. The oxidative metabolites, mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate (MECPP) and mono(2-carboxymethylhexyl) phthalate (MCMHP), have been considered to be better biomarkers for DEHP exposure assessment than MEHP because urinary levels of these metabolites are generally higher than MEHP, and their measurements are not subject to contamination. The urinary levels of the above metabolites, and of three other recently identified DEHP oxidative metabolites, mono(2-ethyl-3-carboxypropyl) phthalate (MECPrP), mono-2-(1-oxoethylhexyl) phthalate (MOEHP), and mono(2-ethyl-4-carboxybutyl) phthalate (MECBP), were measured in 129 adults. MECPP, MCMHP and MEHHP were present in all the samples analysed. MEHP and the other oxidative metabolites were detected less frequently: MEOHP (99%), MECBP (88%), MECPrP (84%), MEHP (83%) and MOEHP (77%). The levels of all DEHP metabolites were highly correlated (p<0.0001) with each other, confirming a common parent. The ? and ?-1 oxidative metabolites (MECPP, MCMHP, MEHHP and MEOHP) comprised 87.1% of all metabolites measured, and thus are most likely the best biomarkers for DEHP exposure assessment. The percentage of the unglucuronidated free form excreted in urine was higher for the ester linkage carboxylated DEHP metabolites compared with alcoholic and ketonic DEHP metabolites. The percentage of the unglucuronidated free form excreted in urine was higher for the DEHP metabolites with a carboxylated ester side-chain compared with alcoholic and ketonic metabolites. Further, differences were found between the DEHP metabolite profile between this adult population and that of six neonates exposed to high doses of DEHP through extensive medical treatment. In the neonates, MEHP represented 0.6% and MECPP 65.5% of the eight DEHP metabolites measured compared to 6.6% (MEHP) and 31.8% (MECPP) in the adults. Whether the observed differences reflect differences in route/duration of the exposure, age and/or health status of the individuals is presently unknown.
Our previous research has identified the granulin (grn) and p130 genes as sex steroid-regulated genes in the neonatal rat hypothalamus that might be involved in sexual differentiation of the brain. Since phthalate/adipate esters such as di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP), diisononyl phthalate (DINP), and di-2-ethylhexyl adipate (DEHA) are suspected to interfere with the endocrine system as environmental endocrine disruptors having estrogenic or antiandrogenic properties, these chemicals may affect sexual differentiation of the brain. The present study assessed the effects of perinatal exposure to DBP, DINP, and DEHA on grn and p130 mRNA expressions in the hypothalamus on postnatal day (PND) 7 and sexual behaviors after maturation in rats. Maternal rats were given a phytoestrogen-free diet containing different doses of DBP (20, 200, 2,000, and 10,000 ppm), DINP (40, 400, 4,000, and 20,000 ppm) and DEHA (480, 2,400, and 12,000 ppm) from gestational day 15 to the day of weaning (PND 21). DBP and DINP exposure during the perinatal period resulted in an increase in hypothalamic grn and p130 mRNA levels in females and males, respectively, but DEHA exposure decreased expression levels of grn in males and p130 in females, although the effects were not dose-dependent. After maturation, male rats that were exposed to several doses of DBP, DINP, and DEHA displayed decreased copulatory behavior. The lordosis quotient was decreased in females perinatally exposed to DBP, DINP, and DEHA at all the doses used. On the other hand, serum levels of LH and FSH in both sexes and the estrous cycles in females were not affected by the treatments. These results suggest that inappropriate expression of grn and/or p130 genes in the brains of male and female neonatal rats by perinatal exposure to these chemicals may exert permanent effects on the hypothalamus, thereby decreasing sexual behavior after maturation.
Di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) is the most commonly used plasticizer in flexible polyvinylchloride formulations, and is a widespread ubiquitous environmental contaminant. A potential role of exposure to DEHP and its primary metabolite, monoethylhexylphthalate (MEHP), on women's reproductive function is suggested in the current study. The aim of the study was to test serum concentrations of DEHP and/or MEHP in women with uterine fibromatosis. Two groups of women were enrolled in the study: (i) women with uterine fibromatosis undergoing surgical menopause (n = 15) and (ii) healthy women (n = 20). Serum DEHP and MEHP concentrations were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography. Serum MEHP distribution was found to be non-Gaussian (p = 0.001) while serum DEHP distribution was compatible with a normal curve (p = 0.141). Patients with uterine fibromatosis showed significantly lower serum MEHP concentrations (median [interquartile range]: 0 [0-0] microg/ml, range: 0-0.57 microg/ml) than controls (0.42 [0-0.51] microg/ml, range: 0-1.20 microg/ml, z = -2.93, p = 0.0034). Likewise, serum DEHP concentrations in women with fibromatosis were found to be significantly lower than in controls (patients: 0.27 +/- 0.096 microg/ml (mean +/- standard deviation (SD)), range: 0.14-0.59 microg/ml vs. controls: 0.30 +/- 0.14 microg/ml (mean +/- SD), range: 0-0.63 microg/ml; t = 3.212, df = 33, difference: -0.325 (95% confidence interval: -0.5309, -0.1191), p = 0.0029). In conclusion, the present findings indicate for the first time that serum DEHP and MEHP concentration are lower in women with uterine fibromatosis, suggesting a possible correlation between phthalate esters and fibromatosis pathology.
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), a plastic softener used in polyvinyl chloride (PVC) products, has been ascribed to have toxic effects on animal reproduction. The present study aimed at determining potential late effects of pre-pubertal oral exposure to DEHP on semen quality in young pigs. Ten pairs of cross-bred male siblings were used. One brother in each pair became, at random, the test animal while the other acted as control. Test males were exposed to 300 mg/kg body weight (bw) of DEHP administered orally three times a week from 3 to 7 weeks of age. The control group was given placebo (water). Semen analyses started when the boars reached 6 months of age, with semen collected twice weekly, until animals were 9 months of age. Semen was evaluated for ejaculate volume, sperm concentration, total sperm count, sperm motility, sperm morphology (including presence of cells other than spermatozoa) and sperm plasma membrane integrity. Total sperm motility tended to be lower while local motility was higher in the DEHP-exposed group compared with controls (p = 0.07) when assessed by computer-assisted sperm analysis. The DEHP-exposed group had a significantly (p < 0.05) lower percentage of spermatozoa with tailless, defective heads (at 7-8 months of age) and double-folded tails (at 6-7, 7-8 and 6-9 months of age), compared with controls (albeit always under 5%). In summary, there were no obvious adverse effects of early oral exposure to 300 mg/kg bw of DEHP on sperm output and sperm quality in post-pubertal young boars.
Commercial di-isononyl phthalate (DiNP) is a mixture of various branched-chain dialkyl phthalates mainly containing nine-carbon alkyl isomers. At high doses in rodents, DiNP is a carcinogen, and a developmental toxicant. After exposure, the diester isomers are de-esterified to form hydrolytic monoesters, monoisononyl phthalates (MiNP), which subsequently metabolize to form oxidative metabolites. These metabolites can be excreted in urine or feces. The urinary excretion of DiNP metabolites was monitored in adult female Sprague-Dawley rats after oral administration of a single dose (300 mg/kg) of commercial DiNP. The metabolites were extracted from urine, resolved with high performance liquid chromatography, analyzed by mass spectrometry, and tentatively identified based on their chromatographic separation and mass spectrometric fragmentation pattern. Because DiNP is an isomeric mixture, its metabolites were also isomeric mixtures that eluted from the HPLC column with close retention times. Mono(carboxy-isooctyl)phthalate (MCiOP) was identified as the major metabolite of DiNP; in addition, mono(hydroxy-isononyl)phthalate (MHiNP) and mono(oxo-isononyl)phthalate (MOiNP) were present. Furthermore, metabolites of di-isooctyl phthalate (DiOP) and di-isodecyl phthalate (DiDP) were also detected. Excretion toxicokinetics of the DiNP metabolites in urine followed a biphasic pattern with initial rapid decay in concentration. Despite potential differences in the metabolism of DiNP among species, MCiOP, MHiNP and MOiNP were detected in humans with no known exposure to DiNP at levels significantly higher than MiNP suggesting that these oxidative metabolites may be better urinary biomarkers of human exposure to DiNP than is MiNP.
Phthalate diesters have been shown to be developmental and reproductive toxicants in animal studies. A recent epidemiologic study showed certain phthalates to be significantly associated with reduced anogenital distance in human male infants, the first evidence of subtle developmental effects in human male infants exposed prenatally to phthalates. We used two previously published methods to estimate the daily phthalate exposures for the four phthalates whose urinary metabolites were statistically significantly associated with developmental effects in the 214 mother-infant pairs [di-n-butyl phthalate (DnBP) , diethyl phthalate (DEP) , butylbenzyl phthalate (BBzP) , diisobutyl phthalate (DiBP) ] and for another important phthalate [di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) ]. We estimated the median and 95th percentile of daily exposures to DBP to be 0.99 and 2.68 microg/kg/day, respectively ; for DEP, 6.64 and 112.3 microg/kg/day ; for BBzP, 0.50 and 2.47 microg/kg/day ; and for DEHP, 1.32 and 9.32 microg/kg/day. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) reference doses for these chemicals are 100 (DBP) , 800 (DEP) , 200 (BBzP) , and 20 (DEHP) microg/kg/day. The median and 95th percentile exposure estimates for the phthalates associated with reduced anogenital distance in the study population are substantially lower than current U.S. EPA reference doses for these chemicals and could be informative to any updates of the hazard assessments and risk assessments for these chemicals.
We evaluated the effects of inhaled di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) on the onset of puberty and on postpubertal reproductive functions in prepubertal female rats. DEHP was administered by inhalation at doses of 0, 5, and 25 mg/m3 to groups of female rats for 6 h/day, 5 contiguous days/week from postnatal days (PNDs) 22 to 41 and to PND 84. The onset of puberty was determined by daily examination for vaginal opening (VO) and first estrous cycle. Reproductive function was evaluated by observing estrous cyclicity from PNDs 49 to 84. Upon completion of exposure, the rats were sacrificed at PND 42 and PNDs 85-88 during the diestrous stage. DEHP exposure advanced the age of VO and first estrous cycle, and serum cholesterol, luteinizing hormone, and estradiol levels were significantly elevated in the 25-mg/m3 DEHP group. Irregular estrous cycles were observed more frequently in DEHP-exposed rats, and serum cholesterol decreased in DEHP-exposed rats in adulthood; RT-PCR showed that the expression of aromatase mRNA, encoding a rate-limiting enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of testosterone to estradiol, was elevated in the 25-mg/m3 DEHP group. These data suggest that inhaled DEHP may advance the onset of puberty and alter postpubertal reproductive functions.
Diisononyl phthalate (DINP) is a complex mixture of predominantly nine-carbon branched-chain dialkyl phthalate isomers. Similar to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, a widely used phthalate, DINP causes antiandrogenic effects on developing rodent male fetuses. Traditionally, assessment of human exposure to DINP has been done using monoisononyl phthalate (MINP) , the hydrolytic metabolite of DINP, as a biomarker. However, MINP is only a minor urinary metabolite of DINP. Oxidative metabolites, including mono(carboxyisooctyl) phthalate (MCIOP) , mono(oxoisononyl) phthalate (MOINP) , and mono(hydroxyisononyl) phthalate (MHINP) are the major urinary metabolites in DINP-dosed rats. The urinary concentrations of MINP, MCIOP, MOINP, and MHINP were measured in 129 adult anonymous human volunteers with no known exposure to DINP. Although MINP was not present at detectable levels in any of the samples analyzed, MCIOP, MHINP, and MOINP were detected in 97, 100, and 87% of the urine samples at geometric mean levels equal to 8.6, 11.4, and 1.2 ng/mL, respectively. The concentrations of all three oxidative metabolites were highly correlated with each other (p<0.0001), which confirms a common precursor. MCIOP was excreted predominantly as a free species, whereas MOINP was excreted mostly in its glucuronidated form. The percentage of MHINP excreted either glucuronidated or in its free form was similar. The significantly higher frequency of detection and urinary concentrations of oxidative metabolites than of MINP suggest that these oxidative metabolites are better biomarkers of exposure assessment of DINP than is MINP. Therefore, we concluded that the prevalence of human exposure to DINP is underestimated by using MINP as the sole DINP urinary biomarker.
Late effects of pre-pubertal oral exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), a plastic softener used in, for example, polyvinyl chloride-products, on semen quality in young boars have not been clear-cut. The aim of this study was to determine whether stress imposed on spermatozoa would reveal such effects. Semen was collected from post-pubertal boars (8-9 months of age), which had been exposed to 300 mg kg(-1) body weight of DEHP per os three times a week from 3 to 7 weeks of age and from control siblings given placebo (water). The semen was cryopreserved and examined for plasma membrane integrity post-thaw using the short hypo-osmotic swelling test and flow cytometry (propidium iodide /SYBR-14). Sperm motility was assessed by computer-assisted sperm analysis. No significant difference in plasma membrane integrity could be found between the groups. The DEHP-exposed group had a significantly lower percentage of linearly motile spermatozoa at 30 min (P < 0.05) and 120 min (P < 0.001) after thawing, and a larger amplitude of lateral displacement of the head 120 min after thawing (P < 0.05), compared with controls. In summary, spermatozoa from boars pre-pubertally exposed to low doses of DEHP, showed kinematic deviations post-thaw that could be related to DEHP exposure.
OBJECTIVE: We previously demonstrated that among 54 infants in neonatal intensive care units, exposure to polyvinyl chloride plastic medical devices containing the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is associated with urinary concentrations of mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) , a DEHP metabolite. In this follow-up report, we studied the neonates' exposure to DEHP-containing devices in relation to urinary concentrations of two other DEHP metabolites, and to urinary concentrations of metabolites of dibutyl phthalate (DBP) and benzylbutyl phthalate (BzBP) , phthalates found in construction materials and personal care products. MEASUREMENTS: A priori, we classified the intensiveness of these 54 infants' exposure to DEHP-containing medical products. We measured three metabolites of DEHP in infants' urine: MEHP and two of its oxidative metabolites, mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxylhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP) and mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP) . We also measured monobutyl phthalate (MBP) , a metabolite of DBP, and monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP), a metabolite of BzBP. RESULTS: Intensiveness of DEHP-containing product use was monotonically associated with all three DEHP metabolites. Urinary concentrations of MEHHP and MEOHP among infants in the high-DEHP-intensiveness group were 13-14 times the concentrations among infants in the low-intensiveness group (p</= 0.007). Concentrations of MBP were somewhat higher in the medium- and high-DEHP-intensiveness group; MBzP did not vary by product use group. Incorporating all phthalate data into a structural equation model confirmed the specific monotonic association between intensiveness of product use and biologic measures of DEHP. CONCLUSION: Inclusion of the oxidative metabolites MEHHP and MEOHP strengthened the association between intensiveness of product use and biologic indices of DEHP exposure over that observed with MEHP alone. 
We developed an analytical method using off-line solid-phase extraction (SPE) coupled with on-line SPE and isotope-dilution high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS/MS) to determine the concentrations of phthalate metabolites in human meconium and in semen. First, we used off-line SPE to remove interfering proteins and other biomolecules from the samples. Then, we preconcentrated the phthalate metabolites in the extract using on-line SPE before measuring them by HPLC-MS/MS. For most of the analytes, the limits of detection ranged between 0.2 and 0.7 ng/g for meconium and between 0.3 and 0.7 ng/mL for semen. The recovery after off-line SPE varied for most analytes between 65 and 99% at concentrations ranging from 3.0 to 30.0 ng/mL in semen and between 67 and 103% at concentrations ranging from 2.0 to 10.0 ng/mL in meconium. Precision measured by the relative standard deviation ranged from 3.2 to 19.1% for intraday and from 3.9 to 18.6% for interday. We validated this novel approach--which is applicable to other biological matrixes, including serum and breast milk--on spiked samples and on five meconium samples and one pooled semen sample from people with no known occupational exposure to phthalates.
DEHP is known to cause reproductive toxicity in rats, particularly during the neonatal period. Pregnant and brood rats were treated by gavage with 750 mg/kgb.w./day DEHP starting on GD14 within PND4. Two hours after (14)C-DEHP administration on GD15, GD18, GD21 and PND4, the radioactivity content was measured in the dams blood and in the liver, gonads and carcass of the offspring. The radioactivity concentration recovered in the fetuses was one or two order of magnitude lower than the concentration found in the dam plasma. A low proportion of radioactivity was present in fetal gonads, ca. 2%, 5% and 3.6% on GD18, GD21 and PND4, respectively. The effect on testosterone production of DEHP and its metabolites (MEHP, metabolites VI and IX) was assessed in fetal testis cultures using a dose-range which included the maximal exposure observed in vivo. None of the compounds affected testosterone production. Thus, DEHP and/or its metabolites appear to cross the placental barrier, reach the fetal gonads. In vitro, neither DEHP nor its main metabolites decreased the testosterone production.
The reproductive effects of in utero and lactational exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) in adult male offspring rats were investigated. The selected endpoints included reproductive organ weights, testicular function, hormonal status, sexual behaviour and fertility. Two wide ranges of doses, low and high, were tested. Female Wistar rats were treated daily with DEHP and peanut oil (vehicle control) by gavage from gestation day 6 to lactation day 21. The low-doses were 0.015, 0.045, 0.135, 0.405 and 1.215 mg DEHP/kg body weight (bw)/day, and the high-doses were 5, 15, 45, 135 and 405 mg DEHP/kg bw/day. A reduction in daily sperm production of 19-25% in relation to control was observed in animals exposed to 15, 45, 135 and 405 mg/kg/day. Quantitation of specific cell types shows that the observed effects in daily sperm production are not related to changes in the number of Sertoli cells or their capability to support early stages spermatocytes. A low incidence of cryptorchidism was observed in DEHP exposed groups with a lowest observed adverse effect level of 5mg/kg/day. Serum testosterone concentration was similar to control at most doses but was significantly increased at 0.045, 0.405 and 405 mg DEHP/kg/day. In spite of this effect, the weight of seminal vesicle with coagulating glands was significantly reduced at 405 mg/kg/day. Testis, epididymis and prostate weights were similar among groups. Fertility and sexual behaviour were not affected by DEHP treatment at any dose. Overall, our results show that in utero and lactational DEHP exposure reduces daily sperm production and has the potential to induce reproductive tract abnormalities (of which cryptorchidism seems to be the most sensitive in our rat strain) in male offspring rats. The lowest observed adverse effect levels (LOAELs) for these effects were 15 and 5 mg/kg/day, respectively. Therefore, the no observed adverse effect level (NOAEL) for this study can be set at 1.215 mg/kg/day.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates are multifunctional chemicals used in a variety of consumer, medical, and personal care products. Previously, we reported dose-response associations of decreased semen quality with urinary concentrations of monobutyl phthalate (MBP) and monobenzyl (MBzP) phthalate, which are metabolites of dibutyl phthalate and butylbenzyl phthalate, respectively. The present study extends our work in a larger sample of men and includes measurements of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) oxidative metabolites. METHODS: Between January 2000 and May 2004, we recruited 463 male partners of subfertile couples who presented for semen analysis to the Massachusetts General Hospital. Semen parameters were dichotomized based on World Health Organization reference values for sperm concentration (<20 million/mL) and motility (<50% motile) and the Tygerberg Kruger Strict criteria for morphology (<4% normal). The comparison group was men with all 3 semen parameters above the reference values. In a single spot urine sample from each man, phthalate metabolites were measured using solid-phase extraction coupled to high-performance liquid chromatography isotope-dilution tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: There were dose-response relationships of MBP with low sperm concentration (odds ratio per quartile adjusted for age, abstinence time, and smoking status = 1.00, 3.1, 2.5, 3.3; P for trend = 0.04) and motility (1.0, 1.5, 1.5, 1.8; P for trend = 0.04). There was suggestive evidence of an association between the highest MBzP quartile and low sperm concentration (1.00, 1.1, 1.1, 1.9; P for trend = 0.13). There were no relationships of monoethyl phthalate, monomethyl phthalate, and the DEHP metabolites with these semen parameters. CONCLUSION: The present study confirms previous results on the relationship of altered semen quality with exposure to MBP at general population levels. We did not find associations between semen parameters and 3 DEHP metabolites. 
Fetal exposure to phthalates may be associated with adverse reproductive effects, including cryptorchidism and decreased semen quality. Information about human placental transfer is needed to qualify the hypotheses. A dual recirculating placenta perfusion system to monitor concentrations of eight phthalate monoesters in fetal and maternal perfusates was established. In addition to perfusate background measures of phthalate monoesters, the concentrations in umbilical cord plasma and placenta tissue were measured. Monomethyl phthalate (mMP), monoethyl phthalate (mEP), monobutyl phthalate (mBP), and mono (2-ethyl-hexyl) phthalate (mEHP) were detected in both maternal and fetal perfusate, demonstrating a release of compounds from tissue or blood to perfusates. The distribution of compounds between perfusate, umbilical cord plasma, and tissue was in accordance with the physical-chemical properties of the compounds. Results from the present study of compounds residing in the tissue are essential before studying human transplacental transfer, storage, and metabolism of selected phthalate monoesters.
BACKGROUND: The ubiquitous use of phthalate esters in plastics, personal care products and food packaging materials results in widespread general population exposure. In this report, we extend our preliminary study on the relationship between urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites and sperm DNA damage among a larger sample of men and include measurements of mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP) and mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP), two oxidative metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP). METHODS: Among 379 men from an infertility clinic, urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites were measured using isotope-dilution high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Sperm DNA damage measurements, assessed with the neutral comet assay, included comet extent (CE), percentage of DNA in tail (Tail%) and tail distributed moment (TDM). RESULTS: Monoethyl phthalate (MEP), a metabolite of diethyl phthalate, was associated with increased DNA damage, confirming our previous findings. Mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), a metabolite of DEHP, was associated with DNA damage after adjustment for the oxidative DEHP metabolites. After adjustment for MEHHP, for an interquartile range increase in urinary MEHP, CE increased 17.3% [95% confidence interval (CI) = 8.7-25.7%], TDM increased 14.3% (95% CI = 6.8-21.7%) and Tail% increased 17.5% (95% CI = 3.5-31.5%). CONCLUSIONS: Sperm DNA damage was associated with MEP and with MEHP after adjusting for DEHP oxidative metabolites, which may serve as phenotypic markers of DEHP metabolism to 'less toxic' metabolites. The urinary levels of phthalate metabolites among these men were similar to those reported for the US general population, suggesting that exposure to some phthalates may affect the population distribution of sperm DNA damage. 
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is used in numerous consumer products, mainly imparting flexibility and durability to polyvinyl chloride (PVC) based plastics. It is a known reproductive and developmental toxicant in male rodents. However, data regarding effects of DEHP on female reproductive health are particularly sparse. We performed an extensive dose-response study following developmental exposure to DEHP and evaluated the effects on adult female reproductive function. Two wide ranges of doses, low and high, were tested. Female Wistar rats were treated daily with DEHP and peanut oil (vehicle control) by gavage from gestation day 6 to lactation day 21. The low doses were: 0.015, 0.045, 0.135, 0.405 and 1.215mgDEHP/kg/bw/day and the high doses were: 5, 15, 45, 135 and 405mg DEHP/kg/bw/day. At the doses tested, no effects on organ (liver, kidney, spleen, thymus, thyroid, ovary and uterus) or body weights were detected. Female offspring presented a normal pattern of estrous cyclicity with no hormonal alterations (serum estradiol and progesterone). A statistically significant increase in tertiary atretic follicles was observed at the highest dose (405mgDEHP/kg/day). Morphometric analysis indicated that uterus and vagina luminal epithelial cell height were unaffected by treatment. An increase in the number of ovarian atretic tertiary follicles was the only effect observed in adult female offspring exposed in utero and during lactation to DEHP.
BACKGROUND: Observations of adverse developmental and reproductive effects in laboratory animals and wildlife have fueled increasing public concern regarding the potential for various chemicals to impair human fertility. OBJECTIVE: Our objective in this study was to assess the effect of occupational exposure to high levels of phthalate esters on the balance of gonadotropin and gonadal hormones including luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, free testosterone (fT), and estradiol. METHODS: We examined urine and blood samples of 74 male workers at a factory producing unfoamed polyvinyl chloride flooring exposed to di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) and di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) and compared them with samples from 63 male workers from a construction company, group matched for age and smoking status. RESULTS: Compared to the unexposed workers, the exposed workers had substantially and significantly elevated concentrations of mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP; 644.3 vs. 129.6 microg/g creatinine, p < 0.001) and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP; 565.7 vs. 5.7 microg/g creatinine, p < 0.001). fT was significantly lower (8.4 vs. 9.7 microg/g creatinine, p = 0.019) in exposed workers than in unexposed workers. fT was negatively correlated to MBP (r = -0.25, p = 0.03) and MEHP (r = -0.19, p = 0.095) in the exposed worker group. Regression analyses revealed that fT decreases significantly with increasing total phthalate ester score (the sum of quartiles of MBP and MEHP; r = -0.26, p = 0.002). CONCLUSION: We observed a modest and significant reduction of serum fT in workers with higher levels of urinary MBP and MEHP compared with unexposed workers. 
The probability of nonoccupational exposure to phthalates is high given their use in a vast range of consumables, including personal care products (e.g., perfumes, lotions, cosmetics), paints, industrial plastics, and certain medical devices and pharmaceuticals. Phthalates are of high interest because of their potential for human exposure and because animal toxicity studies suggest that some phthalates affect male reproductive development apparently via inhibition of androgen biosynthesis. In humans, phthalates are rapidly metabolized to their monoesters, which can be further transformed to oxidative products, conjugated, and eliminated. Phthalate metabolites have been used as biomarkers of exposure. Using urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations allows accurate assessments of human exposure because these concentrations represent an integrative measure of exposure to phthalates from multiple sources and routes. However, the health significance of this exposure is unknown. To link biomarker measurements to exposure, internal dose, or health outcome, additional information (e.g., toxicokinetics, inter- and intraindividual differences) is needed. We present a case study using diethyl phthalate and di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate as examples to illustrate scientific approaches and their limitations, identify data gaps, and outline research needs for using biomonitoring data in the context of human health risk assessment, with an emphasis on exposure and dose. Although the vast and growing literature on phthalates research could not be covered comprehensively in this article, we made every attempt to include the most relevant publications as of the end of 2005.
The human exposure estimates for dibutyl (DBP) and bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) made by two models EUSES and ACC-Human, and by an estimation approach which utilized measured concentrations in exposure media, were compared. The approach which utilized the latest monitoring data for important exposure media, yielded median daily intakes for adult humans for DBP and DEHP of 2.7 and 5.6 microg/kg body weight per day, respectively, which were in the same range as previous estimates based on back-calculation from urinary metabolites. EUSES estimated average daily intakes of DBP and DEHP for humans that were between 8 and 13 times lower. ACC-Human does not estimate average daily intakes, but ACC-Human-estimated human milk concentrations/fugacities were more than a thousand times lower than measured concentrations/fugacities in human milk. It was concluded that the two models underestimate human exposure to phthalate esters because they consider only a few key pathways that are known to be important for other, more persistent, hydrophobic organic compounds. Further, it was shown that there are differences between the two models on the methodology for estimating concentrations in exposure media such as vegetation, milk, beef and fish. ACC-Human uses a mechanistic approach for estimating transfer through aquatic and terrestrial food chains that are known to be important for human exposure to persistent, hydrophobic organics and can, unlike EUSES, account for food chain metabolism. It proved difficult, however, to obtain organism metabolism rates needed as model inputs to ACC-Human. If exposure estimates of phthalate esters are needed, it is recommended to use an estimation approach based on high quality monitoring data as presented here and/or back-calculate daily intake from concentrations of metabolites in human urine samples from the general population.
Phthalates like di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) are commonly used as plasticizers and their metabolites are suspect of especially reproductive toxicity. The aim of our study was to assess phthalate exposure in adults by measuring urinary phthalate metabolite levels and to explore individual temporal variability. Urine samples were collected by 27 women and 23 men aged 14-60 years during 8 consecutive days. We quantified four monoesters, four oxidative DEHP metabolites, and two secondary metabolites of di-isononyl phthalate (DiNP) by a LC/LC-MS/MS method. If we analyzed all 399 available samples independent of classification, the highest median values of primary metabolites in this study were found for mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP: 49.6 microg/l), followed by mono-isobutyl phthalate (MiBP: 44.9 microg/l), mono-benzyl phthalate (MBzP: 7.2 microg/l), and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP: 4.9 microg/l). The median concentrations of the oxidized metabolites of DEHP were 8.3 microg/l for mono-(2-carboxymethylhexyl) phthalate (2cx-MMHP), 19.2 microg/l for mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (5OH-MEHP), 14.7 microg/l for mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (5oxo-MEHP), and 26.2 microg/l for mono-(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate (5cx-MEPP). The concentrations of the two DiNP secondary metabolites mono (oxoisononyl) phthalate (oxo-MiNP) and mono(hydroxyisononyl) phthalate (OH-MiNP) ranged from <LOD to 304 microg/l (median: 3.0 microg/l, 2.9 microg/g creatinine) and <LOD to 698 microg/l (median: 5.5 microg/l, 5.2 microg/g creatinine), respectively. Phthalate metabolite levels did not consistently differ by sex or age. There was substantial day-to-day variation of urinary levels with considerable within-subject variability. Intraclass correlation coefficients adjusted for sex and age ranged between 0.21 and 0.48 for unadjusted metabolite levels and between 0.20 and 0.57 for creatinine-adjusted levels. The secondary metabolites of DiNP were detectable in nearly all samples and were therefore sensitive biomarkers of DiNP exposure. Our results of within-subject variability suggest that exposure assessment should not be based on a single urine measurement.
Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) is a general-purpose plasticizer for polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and has become a ubiquitous environmental contaminant. It is suspected to be an endocrine disrupting/modulating substance in humans. Children are of special concern due to their developmental state. In our study we estimated the daily DEHP intake of 239 children aged 2-14 years by extrapolating from their urinary levels of the DEHP metabolites mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate (5OH-MEHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate (5oxo-MEHP) and mono-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP). We applied two calculation models based upon the volume and the creatinine-related urinary metabolite concentrations. Applying the volume- or the creatinine-based calculation model we determined a median daily DEHP intake of 7.8 or 4.3 microg/kgbody weight (bw)/day and a 95th percentile of 25.2 or 15.2 microg/kgbw/day. Three children (1%) exceeded the value of the tolerable daily intake (TDI) of the European Food Safety Authority of 50 microg/kgbw/day, while 7.5% or 3% (depending on the calculation model) exceeded the reference dose (RfD) of 20 microg/kgbw/day of the US Environmental Protection Agency. In general, DEHP exposure was decreasing with increasing age and boys had higher exposures than girls. Our findings suggest that the majority of the children in the general population is exposed to quantities of DEHP below the TDI and the RfD. However, many children scoop out the preventive limit values to a considerable degree and in individual cases we observed substantial transgressions. Younger children seem to be more severely burdened, which may be due to a higher food consumption related to their bw, mouthing behaviour and/or playing near the ground.
The objective of this study was to establish a hypospadiac rat model by maternal exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) and to evaluate the developmental abnormalities of hypospadiac male rats. Timed-pregnant rats were given DBP by gastric intubation at doses of 0, 250, 500, 750 or 1000 mg/kg body weight (bw)/day from gestation day (GD) 14 to 18 to establish a hypospadiac rat model. The hypospadias was observed in the 500 and 750 mg/kg bw/day groups, the incidence of which was 6.8 and 41.3%, respectively. Transverse serial histological analysis of genitalia of hypospadiac male rats confirmed the malformation. With exposed dose increasing, the serum testosterone (T) levels of male rats inversely decreased, and in the same dosage group the serum T levels of hypospadiac rats were significantly lower than the levels of nonhypospadiac counterparts. The other reproductive lesions such as cryptorchidism and decreased ratio of anogenital distance/body weight (AGD/bw) were also observed. Autopsy analysis revealed the development of reproductive organs (prostate, testes, epididymis, pituitary gland) and nonreproductive organs (adrenal gland, liver, kidney, heart, spleen) of hypospadiac rats and nonhypospadiac counterparts. The results indicated that the reproductive system and developmental condition of hypospadiac male offspring were damaged severely by DBP.
The rat has been explored in detail for its in utero susceptibility to male reproductive tract malformation following phthalate exposure. Few other species have been studied in detail, and it is important for both mechanistic and risk assessment purposes to understand the species specificity of this response. We investigated the response of the fetal mouse testis to phthalate exposure and compared these results with those previously obtained from the rat. Initial experiments using a variety of phthalate congeners (monobutyl phthalate, di-(n-butyl) phthalate, or mono (2-ethylhexyl) phthalate) and exposure paradigms did not reduce fetal mouse testis testosterone levels. Pharmacokinetic data after a single 500 mg/kg di-(n-butyl)-phthalate (DBP) exposure on mouse gestation day (gd) 18 demonstrated that the concentrations and kinetics of the active metabolite monobutyl phthalate (MBP) in fetal and maternal plasma were similar to the rat. After a single 500 mg/kg or multiple day 250 mg/kg fetal mouse DBP exposure, rapid and dynamic changes in testis gene expression were observed, including induction of immediate early genes. Unlike the rat, expression of genes involved in cholesterol homeostasis and steroidogenesis were not decreased and were increased in a few cases. Similar to the rat, however, a 250- or 500-mg DBP/kg/day mouse exposure from gd 16 through 18 significantly increased seminiferous cord diameter, the number of multinucleated gonocytes per cord, and the number of nuclei per multinucleated gonocyte. Together, these results demonstrate that fetal mouse and rat phthalate exposure both induce immediate early gene expression and disrupt seminiferous cord and gonocyte development. This response in the mouse occurs without a measurable decrease in testicular testosterone, suggesting that altered seminiferous cord formation and gonocyte multinucleation may not be mechanistically linked to lowered testosterone.
BACKGROUND: Hormonally active environmental agents have been measured among U.S. children using exposure biomarkers in urine. However, little is known about their variation by race, age, sex, and geography, and no data exist for newly developed biomarkers. OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to characterize relevant, prevalent exposures for a study of female pubertal development. METHODS: In a pilot study among 90 girls from New York City, New York, Cincinnati, Ohio, and northern California, we measured 25 urinary analytes representing 22 separate agents from three chemical families: phytoestrogens, phthalates, and phenols. Exposures occur chiefly from the diet and from household or personal care products. RESULTS: Participants represented four racial/ethnic groups (Asian, black, Hispanic, white), with mean age of 7.77 years. Most analytes were detectable in > 94% of samples. The highest median concentrations for individual analytes in each family were for enterolactone (298 microg/L), monoethylphthalate (MEP; 83.2 microg/L), and benzophenone-3 (BP3; 14.7 microg/L). Few or no data have been reported previously for four metabolites: mono(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate, tridosan, bisphenol A (BPA), and BP3; these were detected in 67-100% of samples with medians of 1.8-53.2 microg/L. After multivariate adjustment, two analytes, enterolactone and BPA, were higher among girls with body mass index < 85th reference percentile than those at or above the 85th percentile. Three phthalate metabolites differed by race/ethnicity [MEP, mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, and mono-3-carboxypropylphthalate]. CONCLUSIONS: A wide spectrum of hormonally active exposure biomarkers were detectable and variable among young girls, with high maximal concentrations (> 1,000 microg/L) found for several analytes. They varied by characteristics that may be relevant to development. 
In a retrospective human biomonitoring study we analyzed 24h urine samples taken from the German Environmental Specimen Bank for Human Tissues (ESBHum), which were collected from 634 subjects (predominantly students, age range 20-29 years, 326 females, 308 males) in 9 years between 1988 and 2003 (each n >or= 60), for the concentrations of primary and/or secondary metabolites of di-n-butyl phthalate (DnBP), di-iso-butyl phthalate (DiBP), butylbenzyl phthalate (BBzP), di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and di-iso-nonyl phthalate (DiNP). Based on the urinary metabolite excretion we estimated daily intakes of the parent phthalates and investigated the chronological course of the phthalate exposure. In over 98% of the urine samples metabolites of all five phthalates were detectable indicating a ubiquitous exposure of the German population to all five phthalates throughout the last 20 years. The median daily intakes in the subsets between 1988 and 1993 were quite constant for DnBP (approx. 7 microg/kg bw/d) and DEHP (approx. 4 microg/kg bw/d). However, from 1996 the median levels of both phthalates decreased continuously until 2003 (DnBP 1.9 microg/kg bw/d; DEHP 2.4 microg/kg bw/d). By contrast, the daily intake values for DiBP were slightly increasing over the whole time frame investigated (median 1988: 1.1 microg/kg bw/d; median 2003: 1.4 microg/kg bw/d), approximating the levels for DnBP and DEHP. For BBzP we observed slightly decreasing values, even though the medians as of 1998 levelled off at around 0.2 microg/kg bw/d. Regarding daily DiNP exposure we found continuously increasing values, with the lowest median being 0.20 microg/kg bw/d for the subset of 1988 and the highest median for 2003 being twice as high. The trends observed in phthalate exposure may be associated with a change in production and usage pattern. Female subjects exhibited significantly higher daily intakes for the dibutyl phthalates (DnBP p=0.013; DiBP p=0.004). Compared to data from US National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHANES) exposure levels of the dibutyl phthalates were generally higher in our German study population, while levels of BBzP were somewhat lower. Overall, for a considerable 14% of the subjects we observed daily DnBP intakes above the tolerable daily intake (TDI) value deduced by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) (10 microg/kg bw/d). However, the frequency of exceedance decreased during the years and was beneath 2% in the 2003 subset. Even though transgressions of the exposure limit values of the EFSA and the US Environmental Protection Agency (US EPA) occurred only in a relatively small share of the subjects, one has to take into account the cumulative exposure to all phthalates investigated and possible dose-additive endocrine effects of these phthalates.
BACKGROUND: Epidemiological studies have suggested an association between exposure to phthalate plasticizers, including di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP), and increased prevalence of asthma, rhinitis or wheezing. Furthermore, studies in mice have demonstrated an adjuvant effect from DEHP after parenteral administration with the model allergen ovalbumin (OVA). OBJECTIVE: Exposures to DEHP were investigated for adjuvant effects and airway inflammation in a mouse inhalation model. METHODS: BALB/cJ mice were exposed to aerosols of 0.022-13 mg/m(3) DEHP and 0.14 mg/m(3) OVA 5 days/week for 2 weeks and thereafter weekly for 12 weeks. Mice exposed to OVA alone or OVA+Al(OH)(3) served as control groups. Finally, all groups were exposed to a nebulized 1% OVA solution on three consecutive days. Serum, bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) fluid, and draining lymph nodes were collected 24h later. RESULTS: In the OVA+Al(OH)(3) group, significantly increased levels of OVA-specific IgE and IgG1 in serum as well as of eosinophils in BAL fluid were observed. DEHP affected OVA-specific IgG1 production in a concentration-dependent manner, whereas little effect was seen on IgE and IgG2a. Dose-dependent increases in inflammatory cells were observed in BAL fluids, leading to significantly higher lymphocyte, neutrophil and eosinophil numbers in the OVA+13 mg/m(3) DEHP group. Ex vivo cytokine secretion by cultures of draining lymph nodes suggested that DEHP has a mixed Th1/Th2 cytokine profile. CONCLUSION: Airborne DEHP is able to increase serum IgG1 and lung inflammatory cell levels, but only at very high concentrations. Realistic DEHP levels do not have an adjuvant effect or induce allergic lung inflammation in the present mouse model. 
Diisodecyl phthalate (DiDP) is an isomeric mixture of phthalates with predominantly 10-carbon branched-dialkyl chains, widely used as a plasticizer for polyvinyl chloride. The extent of human exposure to DiDP is unknown in part because adequate biomarkers of exposure to DiDP are not available. We identified several major metabolites of DiDP in urine of adult female Sprague-Dawley rats after a single oral administration of DiDP (300 mg/kg). These metabolites can potentially be used as biomarkers of exposure to DiDP. The metabolites extracted from urine were chromatographically resolved and identified by their chromatographic behavior and full scan negative ion electrospray ionization mass spectrum. The identity of metabolites with similar molecular weights was further examined in accurate mass mode. For some metabolites, unequivocal identification was done using authentic standards. Among these were the hydrolytic monoester of DiDP, monoisodecyl phthalate (MiDP), detected as a minor metabolite, and one omega oxidation product of MiDP, mono(carboxy-isononyl) phthalate (MCiNP), which was the most abundant urinary metabolite. We also tentatively identified other secondary metabolites of MiDP, mono(hydroxy-isodecyl) phthalate, mono(oxo-isodecyl) phthalate, mono(carboxy-isoheptyl) phthalate, mono(carboxy-isohexyl) phthalate, mono(carboxy-isopentyl) phthalate, mono(carboxy-isobutyl) phthalate, and mono(carboxy-ethyl) phthalate. Oxidative metabolites of diisoundecyl phthalate (DiUdP) and diisononyl phthalate (DiNP) were also detected suggesting the presence of DiUdP and DiNP in the DiDP formulation. The urinary concentrations of all these metabolites gradually decreased in the 4 days following the administration of DiDP. MCiNP and other DiDP secondary metabolites are more abundant in urine than MiDP, suggesting that these oxidative products are better biomarkers for DiDP exposure assessment than MiDP. Additional research on the toxicokinetics of these metabolites is needed to understand the extent of human exposure to DiDP from the urinary concentrations of MCiNP and other DiDP secondary metabolites.
Di-isodecyl phthalate (DiDP), primarily used as a plasticiser, is a mixture of isomers with predominantly ten-carbon branched side chains. Assessment of DiDP exposure has not been conducted before because adequate biomarkers were lacking. In 129 adult volunteers with no known exposure to DiDP, the urinary concentrations of three oxidative metabolites of DiDP: monocarboxyisononyl phthalate (MCiNP), monooxoisodecyl phthalate (MOiDP) and monohydroxyisodecyl phthalate (MHiDP), previously identified in DiDP-dosed rats, were estimated by solid-phase extraction coupled to high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS/MS) using the respective oxidative metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate since authentic standards of the DiDP oxidative metabolites were unavailable. Interestingly, the hydrolytic monoester of DiDP, monoisodecyl phthalate (MiDP), was not detected in any of the samples, while MCiNP, MHiDP and MOiDP were detected in 98%, 96% and 85%, respectively, of the samples tested. MCiNP was excreted predominantly in its free form, whereas MOiDP was excreted as its glucuronide. MCiNP, MHiDP and MOiDP eluted as clusters of multiple peaks from the HPLC column probably due to the presence of numerous structurally similar isomers present in commercial DiDP formulations. The urinary concentrations of these oxidative metabolites correlated significantly (p < 0.0001) with each other, thus confirming a common precursor. The urinary concentrations of these DiDP oxidative metabolites also correlated significantly (p < 0.0001) with oxidative metabolites of di-isononyl phthalate (DiNP) suggesting the potential presence of DiNP isomers in commercial DiDP or simultaneous use of DiDP and DiNP in consumer products. The concentrations presented are semiquantitative estimates and should be interpreted cautiously. Nevertheless, the higher frequency of detection and higher urinary concentrations of MCiNP, MHiDP and MOiDP than of MiDP suggest that these oxidative metabolites are better biomarkers for DiDP exposure assessment than MiDP. These data also suggest that unless oxidative metabolites are measured, the prevalence of exposure to DiDP will probably be underestimated.
This study aimed to determine whether pre-pubertal exposure in boars to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), a plasticizer reported to have toxic effects on rodent reproduction, would affect the sperm ability to undergo capacitation and acrosome reaction (AR) in vitro or give rise to a higher degree of chromatin instability associated with acid-induced denaturation. Spermatozoa were collected from 16 boars (n=8/group) 8-9 months of age, exposed to 300mg/kg body weight of DEHP or placebo per os three times a week, from 3 to 7 weeks of age. The spermatozoa were cryopreserved and examined post-thaw by flow cytometry for their ability to capacitate in vitro when exposed to the effector bicarbonate and to acrosome-react when exposed to calcium ionophores, using the lipid stain Merocyanine-540 (m-540), and peanut agglutinin-fluorescein isothiocyanate, respectively, as probes. The ability of the DNA to sustain denaturation in vitro was tested using a sperm chromatin structure assay (SCSA). No significant differences between the DEHP-exposed group and controls were found for any of the sperm attributes examined. Frozen-thawed spermatozoa showed similar rates of non-capacitated cells between groups, and were capacitated at similar rates. Rates of induced ARs were also similar. Values of DNA denaturation were low and showed no differences between groups. In conclusion, pre-pubertal exposure to DEHP does not seem, under the conditions of the present experiment, to affect the ability of frozen-thawed spermatozoa collected post-puberty to capacitate or acrosome-react (the main requisites for fertilization) or to present damage in their nuclear genome.
A high-performance liquid chromatographic method for the simultaneous determination of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) and its major metabolite mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP) in seminal plasma was developed and validated. The method involves liquid-liquid extraction followed by isocratic reversed-phase chromatography with diode-array detection. The recovery, selectivity, linearity, precision and accuracy of the method were evaluated from the analysis of spiked seminal plasma samples. The effect of mobile-phase composition and pH on the retention of the target analytes was investigated. The limits of detection were 0.010 and 0.015 microg/mL, for DEHP and MEHP, respectively. This method was used to analyze real samples in support of clinical studies on these potential endocrine disruptors.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates impair rodent testicular function and have been associated with anti-androgenic effects in humans, including decreased testosterone levels. Low testosterone in adult human males has been associated with increased prevalence of obesity, insulin resistance, and diabetes. OBJECTIVES: Our objective in this study was to investigate phthalate exposure and its associations with abdominal obesity and insulin resistance. METHODS: Subjects were adult U.S. male participants in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 1999-2002. We modeled six phthalate metabolites with prevalent exposure and known or suspected antiandrogenic activity as predictors of waist circumference and log-transformed homeostatic model assessment (HOMA; a measure of insulin resistance) using multiple linear regression, adjusted for age, race/ethnicity, fat and total calorie consumption, physical activity level, serum cotinine, and urine creatinine (model 1); and adjusted for model 1 covariates plus measures of renal and hepatic function (model 2). Metabolites were mono-butyl phthalates (MBP), mono-ethyl phthalate (MEP), mono-(2-ethyl)-hexyl phthalate (MEHP), mono-benzyl phthalate (MBzP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP), and mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP). RESULTS: In model 1, four metabolites were associated with increased waist circumference (MBzP, MEHHP, MEOHP, and MEP; p-values </= 0.013) and three with increased HOMA (MBP, MBzP, and MEP; p-values </= 0.011). When we also adjusted for renal and hepatic function, parameter estimates declined but all significant results remained so except HOMA-MBP. CONCLUSIONS: In this national cross-section of U.S. men, concentrations of several prevalent phthalate metabolites showed statistically significant correlations with abdominal obesity and insulin resistance. If confirmed by longitudinal studies, our findings would suggest that exposure to these phthalates may contribute to the population burden of obesity, insulin resistance, and related clinical disorders. 
Phthalates are ubiquitous environmental chemicals with potential detrimental health effects. The purpose of our study was to quantify dietary intake of phthalates and of DEHA (Di-ethylhexyl adipate) using duplicate diet samples and to compare these data with the calculated data based on urinary levels of primary and secondary phthalate metabolites. 27 female and 23 male healthy subjects aged 14-60 years collected daily duplicate diet samples over 7 consecutive days. Overall, 11 phthalates were measured in the duplicates by GC/MS and LC/MS methods. Urinary levels of primary and secondary phthalate metabolites are also available. The median (95th percentile) daily intake via food was 2.4 (4.0) microg/kg b.w. (Di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate, DEHP), 0.3 (1.4) microg/kg b.w. (Di-n-butyl phthalate, DnBP), 0.6 (2.1) microg/kg b.w. (Di-isobutyl phthalate, DiBP) and 0.7 (2.2) microg/kg b.w. for DEHA. MEPH (Mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate) was detectable only in minor concentrations in the samples, thus conversion of DEHP to MEHP and dietary intake of MEHP were negligible. When comparing back-calculated intake data of the DEHP metabolites with dietary DEHP intake from the day before significant correlations were observed for most of the metabolites. No correlation was found for DnBP and only a weak but significant correlation for DiBP. The median and 95th percentile daily dietary intake of all target analytes did not exceed the recommended tolerable daily intake. Our data indicated that food was the predominant intake source of DEHP, whilst other sources considerably contributed to the daily intake of DnBP and DiBP in an adult population.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates are used extensively in many personal-care and consumer products, resulting in widespread nonoccupational human exposure through multiple routes and media. A limited number of animal studies suggest that exposure to phthalates may be associated with altered thyroid function, but human data are lacking. METHODS: Concurrent samples of urine and blood were collected from 408 men. We measured urinary concentrations of mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), the hydrolytic metabolite of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), and other phthalate monoester metabolites, along with serum levels of free thyroxine (T(4)), total triiodothyronine (T(3)), and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). Oxidative metabolites of DEHP were measured in urine from only 208 of the men. RESULTS: We found an inverse association between MEHP urinary concentrations and free T(4) and T(3) serum levels, although the relationships did not appear to be linear when MEHP concentrations were categorized by quintiles. There was evidence of a plateau at the fourth quintile, which was associated with a 0.11 ng/dL decrease in free T(4) [95% confidence interval (CI), -0.18 to -0.03] and a 0.05 ng/mL decrease in T(3) (95% CI, -0.10 to 0.01) compared with the first (lowest) MEHP quintile. The inverse relationship between MEHP and free T(4) remained when we adjusted for oxidative metabolite concentrations; this simultaneously demonstrated a suggestive positive association with free T(4). CONCLUSIONS: Urinary MEHP concentrations may be associated with altered free T(4) and/or total T(3) levels in adult men, but additional study is needed to confirm the observed findings. Future studies must also consider oxidative DEHP metabolites relative to MEHP as a potential marker of metabolic susceptibility to DEHP exposure. 
Humans are exposed to ubiquitous phthalates via multiple pathways. Exposures to phthalates have been estimated in some previous risk assessments in Japan based on point-of-contact measurement or scenario evaluation approaches. While the Japanese national government has regulated the use of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) and excluded several other phthalates from its regulation based on some of them, it is unclear whether such past exposure assessment studies fully assessed total human exposure to phthalates. In the present study, we measured their urinary metabolites, which show direct evidence of human exposure to phthalates. We recruited voluntary participants (N = 36) who agreed to donate urine samples, and measured the urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites using enzymatic deconjugation, solid-phase extraction, and high-performance liquid-chromatography isotope-dilution tandem mass spectrometry. We then derived the daily intakes of their respective phthalates based on steady state assumption and finally compared them with the corresponding estimated daily intakes of each phthalate via diet and air derived from previous exposure or risk assessments in Japan. These comparisons showed that exposures to dimethyl phthalate, diethyl phthalate, and di-n-butyl phthalate via diet and air accounted for less than half of their respective total exposures. On the other hand, it appears that dietary intake was more predictive for the total exposure to n-butyl-benzyl phthalate and DEHP. The probabilities that the log normal distribution of each phthalate daily intake estimated from the present study exceeds the corresponding tolerable daily intake were estimated to be less than 10(-4).
BACKGROUND: Maternal hypothyroidism during pregnancy can cause adverse effects in the fetus. Scientific evidence has shown that probable thyroid-like function of some phthalates in vitro and in vivo, and phthalates exposure, can begin in utero. This study investigated the association between phthalate exposure and thyroid hormones in pregnant women. METHODS: Serum and spot urine samples were collected from 76 Taiwanese pregnant women at second trimester. Thyroid hormones, including thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), triiodothyronine (T(3)), thyroxine (T(4)) and free T(4) (FT(4)) were analysed in serum samples, and five urinary phthalate monoesters, including mono butyl phthalate (MBP), monoethyl phthalate (MEP) and mono ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP), were measured. RESULTS: Urinary MBP, MEP and MEHP, the median levels of which were 81.8, 27.7 and 20.6 ng/ml, respectively, were the predominant substances in the urinary phthalate monoesters. Significant mild negative correlations were found between T(4) and urinary MBP (R = -0.248, P < 0.05), and between FT(4) and urinary MBP (R = -0.368, P < 0.05). After adjusting for age, BMI and gestation, urinary MBP levels showed negative associations with FT(4) and T(4) (FT(4): beta = -0.110, P < 0.001; T(4): beta=-0.112, P = 0.003). CONCLUSIONS: Exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) may affect thyroid activity in pregnant women, but how DBP affects thyroid function is unclear. Further studies are needed to elucidate the mechanism of action and to investigate whether any other factors related to DBP exposure alter the thyroid function. 
Phthalates are widely used in industry and consumer products. Di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and di-n-butylphthalate (DBP) show the greatest potency of reproductive toxicants among phthalates. The purposes of this study are to examine the migration level of phthalate from PVC films by simulating food handling and to reveal the body burden of phthalate for Taiwanese. In order to estimate a worst-case of phthalate migration, food was covered with polyvinyl chloride (PVC) films and then microwave heated. Results show that DEHP level in food increased significantly after heating for 3 min. Under the heating condition, the calculated intake of phthalate and the percentage of the tolerable daily intake (TDI, based on body weight of 60 kg) from eating one 400-g meal were 1705.6 microg and 92.2% for DEHP. Determination of urinary metabolites from 60 subjects reveals more than 90% of samples were detectable for mono-methyl phthalate (MMP), mono-butyl phthalate (MBP) and mono-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP). Notably, the median value of estimated daily intake of DEHP had reached 91.6% of TDI established by the European Union Scientific Committee for Toxicity, Ecotoxicity and the Environment (CSTEE) (1998). Thirty-seven percent of the study population exceeded the TDI and 85% exceeded the reference dose (RfD) of the US EPA. We conclude that the body burden of DEHP for Taiwanese reflects the intensives use of plastic materials in the region. The regulation of PVC for food preparation is necessary.
In vitro and animal studies have reported endocrine-disrupting activity of chemicals used commonly as additives in cosmetics and skin care products. We investigated whether diethyl phthalate (DEP), dibutyl phthalate (DBP), and butyl paraben (BP) were systemically absorbed and influenced endogenous reproductive and thyroid hormone levels in humans after topical application. In a two-week single-blinded study, 26 healthy young male volunteers were assigned to daily whole-body topical application of 2 mg/cm2 basic cream formulation each without (week one) and with (week two) the three 2% (w/w) compounds. The concentrations of BP and the main phthalate metabolites monoethyl (MEP) and monobutyl phthalate (MBP) were measured in serum together with the following reproductive hormones: follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), lutenising hormone (LH), testosterone, estradiol, and inhibin B and thyroid hormones (thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), free thyroxine (FT4), total triiodothyroxine (T3), and total thyroxine (T4)). MEP, MBP, and BP peaked in serum a few hours after application, reaching mean +/- SEM levels of 1001 +/- 81 microg/L, 51 +/- 6 microg/ L, and 135 +/- 11 microg/L, respectively. Only MEP was detectable in serum before treatment. Minor differences in inhibin B, LH, estradiol, T4, FT4, and TSH were observed between the two weeks, but these were not related to exposure. We demonstrated for the first time that DEP, DBP, and BP could be systemically absorbed in man after topical application. The systemic absorption of these compounds did not seem to have any short-term influence on the levels of reproductive and thyroid hormones in the examined young men.
Phthalates are chemical plasticizers used in a variety of consumer products; in rodents, they alter testicular development, leading to decreased testosterone synthesis and maldevelopment of the reproductive tract. Here, our goals were to discover a set of biomarker genes that respond early after relatively low-dose-level dibutyl phthalate (DBP) exposure and map the responding testicular cell types. To identify testicular phthalate biomarker genes, 34 candidate genes were examined by quantitative PCR at 1, 2, 3, or 6 h after exposure of Gestational Day 19 rats to DBP dose levels ranging from 0.1 to 500 mg/kg body weight. Twelve genes (Ctgf, Cxcl10, Dusp6, Edn1, Egr1, Fos, Ier3, Junb, Nr4a1, Stc1, Thbs1, and Tnfrsf12a) were identified with increased expression by 1-3 h at 100 or 500 mg/kg DBP, and 7 of these 12 genes had increased expression by 6 h at 10 mg/kg DBP. Using in situ hybridization of fetal testis cryosections from DBP-exposed rats, the temporal cellular expression of 10 biomarker genes was determined. Genes with a robust response at 1 h (Dusp6, Egr1, Fos, and Thbs1) were induced in peritubular myoid cells. For Egr1 and Fos, the interstitial compartment also showed increased expression at 1 h. Cxcl10 and Nr4a1 were induced by 1-3 h in both sparsely located interstitial cells and peritubular myoid cells. By 3 h, Stc1 was induced in Leydig cells, and Edn1, Ier3, and Tnfrsf12a were increased in Sertoli cells. These data reveal a complex early cascade of phthalate-induced cellular responses in the fetal testis, and for the first time suggest that peritubular myoid cells are an important proximal phthalate target cell.
Phthalates are used as plasticizers in PVC plastics. As the phthalate plasticizers are not chemically bound to PVC, they can leach, migrate or evaporate into indoor air and atmosphere, foodstuff, other materials, etc. Consumer products containing phthalates can result in human exposure through direct contact and use, indirectly through leaching into other products, or general environmental contamination. Humans are exposed through ingestion, inhalation, and dermal exposure during their whole lifetime, including intrauterine development. This paper presents an overview on current risk assessments done by expert panels as well as on exposure assessment data, based on ambient and on current human biomonitoring results. Some phthalates are reproductive and developmental toxicants in animals and suspected endocrine disruptors in humans. Exposure assessment via modelling ambient data give hints that the exposure of children to phthalates exceeds that in adults. Current human biomonitoring data prove that the tolerable intake of children is exceeded to a considerable degree, in some instances up to 20-fold. Very high exposures to phthalates can occur via medical treatment, i.e. via use of medical devices containing DEHP or medicaments containing DBP phthalate in their coating. Because of their chemical properties exposure to phthalates does not result in bioaccumulation. However, health concern is raised regarding the developmental and/or reproductive toxicity of phthalates, even in environmental concentrations.
BACKGROUND: Exposure to endocrine disruptors (EDs), including some phthalates, phytoestrogens and phenols can be quantified using biomarkers of exposure. However, reliability in the use of these biomarkers requires an understanding of the timeframe of exposure represented by one measurement. Data on the temporal variability of ED biomarkers are sparse, especially among children. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate intraindividual temporal variability in 19 individual urinary biomarkers (eight phthalate metabolites from six phthalate diesters, six phytoestrogens (two lignans and four isoflavones) and five phenols) among New York City children. METHODS: Healthy Hispanic and Black children (N=35; 6-10 years old) donated several urine samples over 6 months. To assess temporal variability we used three statistical methods: intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC), Spearman correlation coefficients (SCC) between concentrations measured at different timepoints, and surrogate category analysis to determine how well the tertile categories based on a single measurement represented a 6-month average concentration. RESULTS: Surrogate category analysis indicated that a single sample provides reliable ranking for all analytes; at least three of four surrogate samples predicted the 6-month mean concentration. Of the 19 analytes, the ICC was >0.2 for 18 analytes and >0.3 for 10 analytes. Correlations among sample concentrations throughout the 6-month period were observed for all analytes; 14 analyte concentrations were correlated at 16 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: The reasonable degree of temporal reliability and the wide range of concentrations of phthalate metabolites, phytoestrogens and phenols suggest that these biomarkers are appropriate for use in epidemiologic studies of environmental exposures in relation to health outcomes in children. 
Phthalates are ubiquitous industrial chemicals with high potential for human exposure. Validated analytical methods to measure trace concentrations of phthalate metabolites in humans are essential for assessing exposure to phthalates. Previously, we developed a sensitive and accurate automated analytical method for measuring up to 16 phthalate metabolites in human urine by using on-line solid phase extraction coupled with isotope dilution-high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC)-electrospray ionization-tandem mass spectrometry. To include the measurement of seven additional analytes, including oxidative metabolites of diisononyl and diisodecyl phthalates, two chemicals used extensively in numerous consumer products, we used a novel nontraditional HPLC solvent gradient program. With this approach, we achieved adequate resolution and sensitivity for all 22 analytes with limits of detection in the low ng/mL range, without increasing the analytical run time. The method also has high accuracy with automatic recovery correction, high precision, and excellent sample throughput with minimal matrix effects. Although it is possible to measure these 22 phthalate metabolites with adequate precision and accuracy at sub-parts-per-billion levels, additional information, including toxicokinetic data, is needed to demonstrate the usefulness of these phthalate metabolites for exposure assessment purposes.
Di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) is widely used in consumer products. In humans and in rats, DBP is metabolized to mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP). MBP may also further oxidize to other metabolites of DBP. We studied the metabolic profiles of DBP in rats and humans to evaluate the similarities between the two species and between different exposure scenarios. In rats administered DBP by oral gavage, we identified MBP and three urinary oxidative metabolites of DBP: mono-3-oxo-n-butyl phthalate, mono-3-hydroxy-n-butyl phthalate (MHBP), and mono-3-carboxypropyl phthalate (MCPP). MBP, MHBP, and MCPP were also present in serum, albeit at lower levels than in urine. Statistically significant correlations (p < 0.01) existed between the concentrations of MBP and the concentrations of MHBP (Pearson correlation coefficient r = 0.82 [urine] and r = 0.96 [serum]) and MCPP (r = 0.77 [urine] and r = 0.97 [serum]). However, the concentrations of these metabolites in urine collected 6 h after dosing and in serum 24 h after dosing were not correlated, suggesting continuous metabolism of DBP and/or individual differences among rats. Serum DBP metabolite concentrations increased with the dose, whereas urinary concentrations did not. We also identified MBP, MHBP, and MCPP in the urine of four men exposed to DBP bytaking a prescription medication containing DBP, and MBP and MCPP in 94 adults with no documented exposure to DBP. In the human samples, we observed statistically significant correlations (p < 0.01) among the urinary concentrations of MBP and MCPP, although the correlation was stronger for the four exposed men (r = 0.99) than for the adults without a documented exposure to DBP (r = 0.70). Our results suggest that regardless of species and exposure scenario, MBP, the major DBP metabolite, is an optimal biomarker of exposure to DBP. In addition to MBP, MCPP and MHBP may be adequate biomarkers of exposure to DBP in occupational settings orin potential high-exposure scenarios.
Phthalates are a class of chemicals with widespread general population exposure. Some phthalates are reproductive and developmental toxicants in laboratory animals. Advances in the field of phthalate research in humans are dependent on the development and implementation of biomarkers to assess exposure and outcome, as well as potential markers that may be indicative of increased susceptibility. Recently, we incorporated a novel biomarker of potential 'susceptibility' into our study on the relationship of phthalates with semen quality and sperm DNA damage among men recruited from an infertility clinic. We measured urinary concentrations of three di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) metabolites, mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) and two oxidative metabolites, mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxylhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP) and mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP). We calculated the percent of DEHP excreted as the hydrolytic monoester (i.e., MEHP). We referred to this as %MEHP and considered it a phenotypic marker of the proportion of DEHP excreted in the urine as MEHP. In our sperm DNA study, we found novel results for the DEHP metabolites. Although MEHP was positively correlated with the oxidative metabolites, the association of sperm DNA damage with MEHP, as compared to MEHHP and MEOHP, were in opposite directions. We hypothesized that MEHP is the bioactive toxicant and further metabolism to MEHHP/MEOHP may lower internal burden of MEHP and thus be protective from sperm DNA damage. An alternative explanation may include that the relative percentage of DEHP excreted as MEHP was a surrogate for the function of phase I enzymes. Men with high %MEHP may have higher levels of sperm DNA damage because of poor metabolism (detoxification) of other genotoxic chemicals. Our hypothesis that %MEHP may represent a phenotypic marker of metabolism is novel but requires further exploration to confirm.
In human metabolism studies we found that after oral application of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), diisononyl phthalate (DiNP) and di(2-propylheptyl) phthalate (DPHP), at least 74, 44 and 34%, respectively, are excreted via urine. In contrast to the short chain phthalates, their oxidized products, not the simple monoesters, were found to be the main metabolites. Based on urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations we estimated in 102 German subjects between 6 and 80 years of age median daily intakes (microg/kg/day) of 2.7 for DEHP, 2.1 for di-n-butyl phthalate, 1.5 for diisobutyl phthalate, 0.6 for DiNP, and 0.3 for butylbenzyl phthalate. In general, children have higher exposures compared to adults and seem to have a more effective oxidative metabolism of phthalates. For individual phthalates tolerable daily intake (TDI) values have been deduced. However, in rats some phthalates have been shown to act as endocrine disrupters via a common mechanism of action in a dose-additive manner. Therefore, the concept of a cumulative TDI value may be more appropriate for the consideration of the overall exposure and the potential human health risks resulting from everyday and simultaneous exposure to several phthalates.
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to perform a biological monitoring survey of workers exposed to di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) in a factory using polyvinyl chloride plastisols and to contribute additional occupational data of exposure particularly sparse in the industrial sectors where this plasticizer is used. METHOD: Three urinary metabolites of DEHP, mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP), mono(5-carboxy-2-ethylpentyl)phthalate (MCEPP) and 2-ethylhexanoic acid (2-EHA) were quantified in five workers using a plastisol (containing 33% of DEHP) and in five unexposed workers (controls), during 5 days with pre- and post-shift sampling. Analyses were performed by high-performance liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS/MS) with on-line extraction. RESULTS: Median concentrations of pre- and post-shift urinary samples in the exposed workers (n = 25) were 16.1 and 55.9 microg/l for MEHP, 37.6 and 103.7 microg/l for MCEPP and 46.3 and 72.1 microg/l for 2-EHA, respectively. In the controls (n = 19), the corresponding values were 12.0 and 10.4 microg/l for MEHP, 38.1 and 11.4 microg/l for MCEPP and 31.9 and 46.0 microg/l for 2-EHA, respectively. There is a significant increase (Mann-Whitney U-test, P < 0.05) of post-shift excretion in the exposed workers versus unexposed controls and in post-shift versus pre-shift concentrations only in the exposed workers. CONCLUSION: MEHP and MCEPP are shown to be suitable biomarkers to assess DEHP exposure while 2-EHA, less specific but classified in the category 3 of the European Union (EU) reproductive toxicants, is also an interesting biomarker. There is clear evidence of occupational exposure of workers in this factory. 
Diethyl phthalate (DEP), dibutyl phthalate (DBP) and butyl paraben (BP) are man-made chemicals used in personal care products, such as lotions and creams. Exposure to these chemicals causes a variety of adverse reproductive outcomes in animal studies. Humans can be exposed to these chemicals through dermal absorption, but there are no published data on absorption, metabolism, and excretion after dermal application. This study investigates urinary concentrations of BP and metabolites of DEP and DBP after topical application. In a 2-week single-blinded study, 26 healthy Caucasian male subjects were given a whole body topical application of basic cream 2 mg/cm(2) (control week) and then a cream containing 2% (w/w) of DEP, DBP and BP each (treatment week) daily. Twenty-four-hour urine samples were collected. Urinary total, and unconjugated BP, monoethyl phthalate (MEP) and monobutyl phthalate (MBP) metabolites were analysed by Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectroscopy (LC-MS/MS). All 26 subjects showed increased excretion of MEP, MBP and BP following topical application. Total MEP, MBP and BP (mean +/- SEM) excreted in urine in the treatment week were, respectively, 41 +/- 1.9, 11.8 +/- 0.6 and 2.6 +/- 0.1 mg/24 h. On average 5.79, 1.82 and 0.32%, respectively, of the applied DEP, DBP and BP could be recovered in urine as MEP, MBP and BP. The concentration of the compounds peaked in urine 8-12 h after application. The fractions of unconjugated MEP, MBP, and BP were 78, 8.0 and 2.1%, respectively. Absorption of DEP, DBP and BP through skin could potentially contribute to adverse health effects. The three chemicals are systemically absorbed, metabolized and excreted in urine following application on the skin in a cream preparation. More DEP than DBP was absorbed, presumably because of a faster absorption rate for DEP.
OBJECTIVES: Phthalates are man-made chemicals found in personal care and other products. Recent studies suggest that some phthalates can alter human male reproductive development, but sources of infant exposure have not been well characterized. We investigated the relationship between phthalate metabolite concentrations in infant urine and maternal reported use of dermally applied infant care products. METHODS: We measured 9 phthalate metabolites in 163 infants who were born in 2000-2005. An infant was considered to have been exposed to any infant care product that the mother reported using on her infant within 24 hours of urine collection. Results of multiple linear regression analyses are reported as the ratio of metabolite concentrations (with 95% confidence intervals) in exposed and unexposed infants. We standardized concentrations by forming z scores and examined combined exposure to multiple metabolites. RESULTS: In most (81%) infants, > or = 7 phthalate metabolites were above the limit of detection. Exposure to lotion was predictive of monoethyl phthalate and monomethyl phthalate concentrations, powder of monoisobutyl phthalate, and shampoo of monomethyl phthalate. Z scores increased with number of products used. Most associations were stronger in younger infants. CONCLUSIONS: Phthalate exposure is widespread and variable in infants. Infant exposure to lotion, powder, and shampoo were significantly associated with increased urinary concentrations of monoethyl phthalate, monomethyl phthalate, and monoisobutyl phthalate, and associations increased with the number of products used. This association was strongest in young infants, who may be more vulnerable to developmental and reproductive toxicity of phthalates given their immature metabolic system capability and increased dosage per unit body surface area. 
We examined the effects of fetal exposure to a wide range of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) doses on fetal, neonatal, and adult testosterone production. Pregnant rats were administered DEHP from Gestational Day (GD) 14 to the day of parturition (Postnatal Day 0). Exposure to between 234 and 1250 mg/kg/day of DEHP resulted in increases in the absolute volumes of Leydig cells per adult testis. Despite this, adult serum testosterone levels were reduced significantly compared to those of controls at all DEHP doses. Organ cultures of testes from GD20 rats exposed in utero to DEHP showed dose-dependent reductions in basal testosterone production. Surprisingly, however, no significant effect of DEHP was found on hCG-induced testosterone production by GD20 testes, suggesting that the inhibition of basal steroidogenesis resulted from the alteration of molecular events upstream of the steroidogenic enzymes. Reduced fetal and adult testosterone production in response to in utero DEHP exposure appeared to be unrelated to changes in testosterone metabolism. In view of the DEHP-induced reductions in adult testosterone levels, a decrease in the expression of steroidogenesis-related genes was anticipated. Surprisingly, however, significant increases were seen in the expression of Cyp11a1, Cy17a1, Star, and Tspo transcripts, suggesting that decreased testosterone production after birth could not be explained by decreases in steroidogenic enzymes as seen at GD20. These changes may reflect an increased number of Leydig cells in adult testes exposed in utero to DEHP rather than increased gene expression in individual Leydig cells, but this remains uncertain. Taken together, these results demonstrate that in utero DEHP exposure exerts both short-term and long-lasting effects on testicular steroidogenesis that might involve distinct molecular targets in fetal and adult Leydig cells.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates may pose a risk for perinatal developmental effects. An important question relates to the choice of suitable biological matrices for assessing exposure during this period. OBJECTIVES: This study was designed to measure the concentrations of phthalate diesters or their metabolites in breast milk, blood or serum, and urine and to evaluate their suitability for assessing perinatal exposure to phthalates. METHODS: In 2001, 2-3 weeks after delivery, 42 Swedish primipara provided breast milk, blood, and urine samples at home. Special care was taken to minimize contamination with phthalates (e.g., use of a special breast milk pump, heat treatment of glassware and needles, addition of phosphoric acid). RESULTS: Phthalate diesters and metabolites in milk and blood or serum, if detected, were present at concentrations close to the limit of detection. By contrast, most phthalate metabolites were detectable in urine at concentrations comparable to those from the general population in the United States and in Germany. No correlations existed between urine concentrations and those found in milk or blood/serum for single phthalate metabolites. Our data are at odds with a previous study documenting frequent detection and comparatively high concentrations of phthalate metabolites in Finnish and Danish mothers' milk. CONCLUSIONS: Concentrations of phthalate metabolites in urine are more informative than those in milk or serum. Furthermore, collection of milk or blood may be associated with discomfort and potential technical problems such as contamination (unless oxidative metabolites are measured). Although urine is a suitable matrix for health-related phthalate monitoring, urinary concentrations in nursing mothers cannot be used to estimate exposure to phthalates through milk ingestion by breast-fed infants. 
BACKGROUND: Although urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites are frequently used as biomarkers in epidemiologic studies, variability during pregnancy has not been characterized. METHODS: We measured phthalate metabolite concentrations in spot urine samples collected from 246 pregnant Dominican and African-American women. Twenty-eight women had repeat urine samples collected over a 6-week period. We also analyzed 48-hr personal air samples (n = 96 women) and repeated indoor air samples (n = 32 homes) for five phthalate diesters. Mixed-effects models were fit to evaluate reproducibility via intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC). We evaluated the sensitivity and specificity of using a single specimen versus repeat samples to classify a woman's exposure in the low or high category. RESULTS: Phthalates were detected in 85-100% of air and urine samples. ICCs for the unadjusted urinary metabolite concentrations ranged from 0.30 for mono-ethyl phthalate to 0.66 for monobenzyl phthalate. For indoor air, ICCs ranged from 0.48 [di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP)] to 0.83 [butylbenzyl phthalate (BBzP)]. Air levels of phthalate diesters correlated with their respective urinary metabolite concentrations for BBzP (r = 0.71), di-isobutyl phthalate (r = 0.44), and diethyl phthalate (DEP; r = 0.39). In women sampled late in pregnancy, specific gravity appeared to be more effective than creatinine in adjusting for urine dilution. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary concentrations of DEP and DEHP metabolites in pregnant women showed lower reproducibility than metabolites for di-n-butyl phthalate and BBzP. A single indoor air sample may be sufficient to characterize phthalate exposure in the home, whereas urinary phthalate biomarkers should be sampled longitudinally during pregnancy to minimize exposure misclassification. 
BACKGROUND: Although diet and activity are key factors in the obesity epidemic, laboratory studies suggest that endocrine disrupting chemicals may also affect obesity. METHODS: We analyzed associations between six phthalate metabolites measured in urine and body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference (WC) in National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) participants aged 6-80. We included 4369 participants from NHANES 1999-2002, with data on mono-ethyl (MEP), mono-2-ethylhexyl (MEHP), mono-n-butyl (MBP), and mono-benzyl (MBzP) phthalate; 2286 also had data on mono-2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl (MEHHP) and mono-2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl (MEOHP) phthalate (2001-2002). Using multiple regression, we computed mean BMI and WC within phthalate quartiles in eight age/gender specific models. RESULTS: The most consistent associations were in males aged 20-59; BMI and WC increased across quartiles of MBzP (adjusted mean BMI = 26.7, 27.2, 28.4, 29.0, p-trend = 0.0002), and positive associations were also found for MEOHP, MEHHP, MEP, and MBP. In females, BMI and WC increased with MEP quartile in adolescent girls (adjusted mean BMI = 22.9, 23.8, 24.1, 24.7, p-trend = 0.03), and a similar but less strong pattern was seen in 20-59 year olds. In contrast, MEHP was inversely related to BMI in adolescent girls (adjusted mean BMI = 25.4, 23.8, 23.4, 22.9, p-trend = 0.02) and females aged 20-59 (adjusted mean BMI = 29.9, 29.9, 27.9, 27.6, p-trend = 0.02). There were no important associations among children, but several inverse associations among 60-80 year olds. CONCLUSION: This exploratory, cross-sectional analysis revealed a number of interesting associations with different phthalate metabolites and obesity outcomes, including notable differences by gender and age subgroups. Effects of endocrine disruptors, such as phthalates, may depend upon endogenous hormone levels, which vary dramatically by age and gender. Individual phthalates also have different biologic and hormonal effects. Although our study has limitations, both of these factors could explain some of the variation in the observed associations. These preliminary data support the need for prospective studies in populations at risk for obesity. 
OBJECTIVE: To measure manicurists' exposure to dibutyl phthalate (DBP) at work and to determine whether workplace characteristics influence this exposure. DBP is a reproductive and developmental toxicant in rats and is used in nail polish to hold color and prevent chipping. METHODS: Pre- and postshift spot urine samples were collected from 40 manicurists. Linear regression compared the relationship between the log of the cross-shift differences in urinary phthalate monoester metabolite concentrations and use of workplace exposure control methods. RESULTS: There was a statistically significant cross-shift increase of 17.4 ng/mL in the urinary concentration of mono-n-butyl phthalate, the major metabolite of DBP. Use of gloves reduced mono-n-butyl phthalate concentrations by 15.1 ng/mL below the preshift concentration compared with a 20.5 ng/mL increase if gloves were not worn. CONCLUSIONS: Manicurists are occupationally exposed to DBP and glove use may minimize this exposure. 
Phthalates are ubiquitous industrial chemicals that are reported to adversely affect human reproductive outcomes. Divergent effects on semen quality have been reported in a limited number of studies. To assess the possible contribution of regional differences in phthalate exposure to these results, we wished to determine if ambient phthalate exposure of men from the Great Lakes region was associated with human sperm parameters. Male partners (N=45) of subfertile couples presenting to a Michigan infertility clinic were recruited. Urinary concentrations of several phthalate metabolites were measured in these men. Semen parameters, measured according to the World Health Organization [WHO 1999] protocols, were divided into those at or above WHO cutoffs for motility (50% motile), concentration (20 million/mL) and morphology (4% normal) and those below. Phthalate metabolite concentrations were divided into those concentrations above the median and those at or below the median. Specific gravity was used as a covariate in the regression models to adjust for urine dilution. Low sperm concentration was significantly associated with above median concentrations of monoethyl phthalate (MEP) (OR=6.5, 95% CI: 1.0-43.6) and low morphology with above median concentrations of mono-3-carboxypropyl phthalate (OR=7.6, 95% CI: 1.7-33.3). Increased odds for low concentration and above median concentrations of metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) (OR=5.4, 95% CI: 0.9-30.8) and low morphology and above median concentrations of MEP (OR=3.4, 95% CI: 0.9-13.8) were also found. A significant trend was observed for tertiles of MEP and low sperm concentration (p=0.05). Results suggest that ambient phthalate metabolite concentrations may adversely affect human semen quality.
Phthalate esters (PEs), a group of environmental chemicals, affect biological systems via endocrine and lipid metabolism modulations. These effects are believed to be mediated in part by peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs). Evaluations of PE activities as ligands toward PPARs have been investigated in many studies on their primary metabolites, monoesters. However, the activities of various other metabolites, including oxidized derivatives, remain to be determined. Here, we have evaluated the PPAR ligand activities of these PE derivatives by in vitro coactivator recruiting assay. Mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate, the most abundant metabolite of di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP), was less active than mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP) as a PPAR ligand. Other derivatives oxidized at the alkyl group and benzene ring of DEHP, MEHP, dibutyl phthalate and its monoester were also investigated and some affected PPAR activities. Unexpectedly, MEHP as well as its further oxidized metabolite did not show clear activity for PPARalpha, although MEHP is believed to interact with PPARalpha. This might imply indirect PPAR-mediated mechanisms that lead to observed biological effects such as peroxisome proliferation.
Endocrine disrupting chemicals can induce malformations and impairment of reproductive function in experimental animals and may have similar effects in humans. Recently, the environmental obesogen hypothesis was proposed, suggesting that environmental chemicals contribute to the development of obesity and insulin resistance. These effects could be related to chemical interaction with nuclear receptors such as the peroxisome proliferator activated receptors (PPARs). As several testosterone-reducing drugs are PPAR activators, we aimed to examine whether four PPAR agonists were able to affect fetal testosterone production and masculinization of rats. Additionally, we wished to examine whether these chemicals affected fetal plasma levels of insulin and leptin, which play important roles in the developmental programming of the metabolic system. Pregnant Wistar rats were exposed from gestation day (GD) 7-21 to diisobutyl phthalate (DiBP), butylparaben, perfluorooctanoate, or rosiglitazone (600, 100, 20, or 1 mg/kg bw/day, respectively). Endocrine endpoints were studied in offspring at GD 19 or 21. DiBP, butylparaben and rosiglitazone reduced plasma leptin levels in male and female offspring. DiBP and rosiglitazone additionally reduced fetal plasma insulin levels. In males, DiBP reduced anogenital distance, testosterone production and testicular expression of Insl-3 and genes related to steroidogenesis. PPARalpha mRNA levels were reduced by DiBP at GD 19 in testis and liver. In females, DiBP increased anogenital distance and increased ovarian aromatase mRNA levels. This study reveals new targets for phthalates and parabens in fetal male and female rats and contributes to the increasing concern about adverse effects of human exposure to these compounds.
In a split-litter design experiment, male piglets were exposed orally three times weekly to 300 mg/kg of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) or placebo between three and seven weeks of age. The effects on the reproductive organs were examined immediately after the exposure at seven weeks of age in one sub-group, and postpuberally at nine months of age in the other. Morphological features of testes were unaffected at either age group; there were no differences (p>0.05) between the treatments in number of Sertoli cells (as identified by immunostaining with GATA-4 antibodies), percent area of Leydig cells (as detected by 3beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase histochemistry), or incidence of germinal epithelial lesions (histopathology of H&E-stained (hematoxylin and eosin) sections). Three of the seven DEHP-treated animals in seven-week-old group had bulbourethral glands at a stage of maturation far more advanced than that of controls. While there were no obvious differences in the cellular composition between the treatment groups in nine-month-old animals, the bulbourethral glands were heavier (p<0.05) in DEHP-treated boars. Collectively, these features indicate that adolescent exposure to DEHP induces precocious maturity of bulbourethral glands in pigs with persistent effects lasting into adulthood.
Phthalates are developmental and reproductive toxicants for the fetus in pregnant rodents, and the ability of phthalates to penetrate the placenta have been reported. The aims of this study were to evaluate the association between maternal urine excretion, the exposure of fetus to phthalates in amniotic fluid, and the health of newborns. Amniotic fluid and urine samples from pregnant women were collected to measure five phthalate monoesters using liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC/MS-MS) and the newborns' birth weight, gestational age, and anogenital distance (AGD) were collected. The median levels of three phthalate monoesters in urine and amniotic fluid were 78.4 and 85.2 ng/mL monobutyl phthalate (MBP); 24.9 and 22.8 ng/mL mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP); 19.8 and Not Detected monoethyl phthalate (MEP). We found a significant positive correlation only between creatinine adjusted urinary MBP and amniotic fluid MBP (R(2)=0.156, p<0.05) in all infants and, only in female infants, a significantly negative correlation between amniotic fluid MBP, AGD (R=-0.31, p<0.06), and the anogenital index adjusted by birth weight (AGI-W) (R=-0.32, p<0.05). Although the influence of prenatal di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) exposure on the endocrinology and physiology of the fetus is still a puzzle, our data clearly show that in utero exposure to phthalates in general has anti-androgenic effects on the fetus.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates, reproductive toxicants in animals, are synthetic chemicals with ubiquitous human exposures because of their extensive use, with potential detrimental health effects. Infants are considered to represent a population at increased risk, as they are exposed early in life to several different sources of exposure to phthalates. OBJECTIVES AND METHODS: Little information exists on phthalate exposure through breast milk from different geographic areas. By means of a LC/LC-MS/MS method we tested the presence of several different phthalate metabolites in breast milk from 62 healthy mothers living in Southern Italy. RESULTS: The simple monoesters mono-isobutyl phthalate (MiBP) (median 18.8 microg/l) and mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) (median 8.4 microg/l) were present in all milk samples, whereas mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP) (median 1.5 microg/l) and mono-benzyl phthalate (MBzP) (median <0.3 microg/l) were found in 64.5% and 43.5% of the samples, respectively. Among the oxidative metabolites of DEHP and DiNP only mono(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate (5cx-MEPP) and monoisononyl phthalate with one hydroxyl group (OH-MiNP) were detectable in one and 13 samples (21%), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: These findings indicate that exposure to phthalates through breast milk in Southern Italian infants is comparable to that of other countries, thus confirming that human milk may represent an additional potential source of phthalate exposure in a population at increased risk. However, different milk concentrations of MiBP may suggest a different pattern of usage of di-iso-butyl phthalate in Europe, as compared to USA, whereas for the first time, we detected an oxidative DiNP metabolite, whose significance remains unclear. 
BACKGROUND: Many phthalates and phenols are hormonally active and are suspected to alter the course of development. OBJECTIVE: We investigated prenatal exposures to phthalate and phenol metabolites and their associations with body size measures of the infants at birth. METHODS: We measured 5 phenol and 10 phthalate urinary metabolites in a multiethnic cohort of 404 women in New York City during their third trimester of pregnancy and recorded size of infants at birth. RESULTS: Median urinary concentrations were > 10 microg/L for 2 of 5 phenols and 6 of 10 phthalate monoester metabolites. Concentrations of low-molecular-weight phthalate monoesters (low-MWP) were approximately 5-fold greater than those of high-molecular-weight metabolites. Low-MWP metabolites had a positive association with gestational age [0.97 day gestational age per ln-biomarker; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.07-1.9 days, multivariate adjusted] and with head circumference. Higher prenatal exposures to 2,5-dichlorophenol (2,5-DCP) predicted lower birth weight in boys (-210 g average birth weight difference between the third tertile and first tertile of 2,5-DCP; 95% CI, 71-348 g). Higher maternal benzophenone-3 (BP3) concentrations were associated with a similar decrease in birth weight among girls but with greater birth weight in boys. CONCLUSIONS: We observed a range of phthalate and phenol exposures during pregnancy in our population, but few were associated with birth size. The association of 2,5-DCP and BP3 with reduced or increased birth weight could be important in very early or small-size births. In addition, positive associations of urinary metabolites with some outcomes may be attributable partly to unresolved confounding with maternal anthropometric factors. 
BACKGROUND: Phthalates are synthetic chemicals that are ubiquitous in our society and may have adverse health effects in humans. Detectable concentrations of phthalate metabolites have been found in adults and children, but no studies have examined the relationship between maternal and infant phthalate metabolite concentrations. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the relationship between maternal and infant urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations. METHODS: We measured nine phthalate metabolites in urine samples from 210 mother/infant pairs collected on the same study visit day (1999-2005) and obtained demographic history from questionnaires. Using multivariate linear regression analyses, we examined the degree to which maternal urine phthalate metabolite concentration predicted infant phthalate metabolite concentration. All analyses were adjusted for infant age, creatinine concentration, and race. RESULTS: Correlation coefficients between phthalate metabolite concentrations in the urine of mothers and their infants were generally low but increased with decreasing age of infant. In multivariate analyses, mother's phthalate metabolite concentrations were significantly associated with infants' concentrations for six phthalate metabolites: monobenzyl phthalate, monoethyl phthalate, monoisobutyl phthalate, and three metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate: mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxy-hexyl) phthalate, and mono(2-ethyl-5-oxo-hexyl) phthalate (p-values for all coefficients <0.05). DISCUSSION: Mother's urine phthalate metabolite concentration is significantly associated with infant urine phthalate metabolite concentration for six phthalate metabolites. It is plausible that shared exposures to phthalates in the immediate surrounding environment accounted for these relationships, but other unidentified sources may also contribute to infants' phthalate exposures. This study indicates the importance of further identifying infant phthalate exposures that may be distinct from maternal exposures in order to decrease overall infant phthalate exposures. 
Concern about potential health impacts of low-level exposures to organophosphorus (OP) pesticides, bisphenol A (BPA), and phthalates among the general population is increasing. We measured levels of six dialkyl phosphate (DAP) metabolites of OP pesticides, a chlorpyrifos-specific metabolite (3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridinol, TCPy), BPA, and 14 phthalate metabolites in urine samples of 100 pregnant women from the Generation R study, the Netherlands. The unadjusted and creatinine-adjusted concentrations were reported, and compared to National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey and other studies. In general, these metabolites were detectable in the urine of the women from the Generation R study and compared with other groups, they had relatively high-level exposures to OP pesticides and several phthalates but similar exposure to BPA. The median concentrations of total dimethyl (DM) metabolites was 264.0 n mol/g creatinine (Cr) and of total DAP was 316.0 n mol/g Cr. The median concentration of mono-ethyl phthalate (MEP) was 222.0 microg/g Cr; the median concentrations of mono-isobutyl phthalate (MiBP) and mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP) were above 50 microg/g Cr. The median concentrations of the three secondary metabolites of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) were greater than 20 microg/g Cr. The data indicate that the Generation R study population provides a wide distribution of selected environmental exposures. Reasons for the relatively high levels and possible health effects need investigation.
Since the publication of our first analytical method in 2000 to detect and quantify phthalate metabolites in human urine, we have modified the method several times to improve performance, reduce the volume of matrix and solvents used, and to increase the number of analytes in one analytical run. We performed cross method validation and ruggedness testing after each modification to ensure that the analytical method adopted is robust and produces accurate and reproducible data when compared to the previously used method. Here, we present the results from the evaluation of the ruggedness of our analytical approach under variable experimental conditions, using the current analytical method. Minor deviations of the standard experimental conditions, i.e., pH, incubation time, amount of deconjugation enzyme, and incubation temperature, had no effect on final analyte concentrations. Furthermore, we validated the method to ensure accuracy at concentrations beyond the highest calibration standard. The concentrations obtained by using a lower volume of urine agreed well with original levels, suggesting broad linear calibration range as well as complete hydrolysis of the glucuronide conjugates with the standard amount of beta-glucuronidase used for deglucuronidation; also, the time of incubation (90 min) was adequate regardless of the amount of glucuronide present. We also summarize the precision of concentration data acquired by the five different analytical approaches we have used since 2000. The correlation plots of concentration data for each analyte obtained from split sample analysis, using three of these approaches, produced linear curves (R(2)>0.98) with slopes and intercepts that were not statistically different (p>0.05) from 1 and 0, respectively. These results suggest that the data are reproducible and accurate, regardless of the analytical method used. Furthermore, analysis of quality control urine samples made over the years confirmed the stability of the phthalate metabolites in urine at -70 degrees C for several years and the consistency of the analytical measurements obtained by using various methodological approaches over time.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates can disrupt endocrine function and induce reproductive and developmental toxicity in laboratory animals. Few studies have evaluated exposure to phthalates in pregnant women, despite the potential sensitivity of the developing fetus to adverse effects of phthalates. METHODS: We measured urinary concentrations of 11 phthalate metabolites in 19 pregnant women, recruited in Jerusalem, Israel in 2006, and collected questionnaire data on demographic factors and consumer habits from these women. We compared geometric mean concentrations in subgroups and used the Mann-Whitney U-test for independent samples to determine significant differences between groups. RESULTS: Nine metabolites were detected in at least 95% of the samples: mono(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate, mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate, mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate, mono(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate, mono(n-butyl) phthalate, monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP), monoethyl phthalate (MEP), mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and monoisobutyl phthalate. Phthalate metabolite concentrations in these pregnant women were remarkably similar to those in the general United States female population. MBzP geometric mean concentrations were higher in women living in buildings existing 40 years or more (P=0.04). In women who used four or more personal care products (perfume, deodorant, lipstick, nail polish, or hand/face cream) in the 48 h prior to providing the urine sample, geometric mean MEP concentrations were more than 4 times higher than concentrations in women using only two or three of the aforementioned products (P=0.07). CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant women in Jerusalem are exposed to a wide range of phthalates. Building materials used in old constructions may be a source of exposure to benzylbutyl phthalate, the parent compound of MBzP. Personal care products may be sources of exposure to diethyl phthalate, the parent compound of MEP. 
Maintaining essential fatty acid (EFA) homeostasis during pregnancy is critical for fetal development. As the organ that controls the maternal-to-fetal supply of nutrients, the placenta plays a significant role in guiding EFA transfer to the fetus. Many EFA homeostasis proteins are regulated by peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs). The metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (DEHP), a ubiquitous environmental contaminant, might influence EFA homeostasis via trans-activation of PPARs with subsequent downstream effects on EFA transporters and enzymes. To investigate DEHP's effect on placental/fetal EFA homeostasis, female Sprague-Dawley rats were orally gavaged with either vehicle or DEHP at 750 or 1500 mg/kg/day from gestational day (GD) 0 to GD 19. Changes in the expression of several EFA homeostasis regulating proteins were determined in the junctional (JXN) and labyrinthine (LAB) zones of the placenta, including PPAR isoforms (alpha, beta and gamma), fatty acid translocase (FAT/CD36), fatty acid transport protein 1 (FATP1), plasma membrane fatty acid binding protein (FABPpm), heart cytoplasmic fatty acid binding protein (HFABP), cytochrome P450 (CYP) 4A1, and cyclooxygenase (COX)-1 and -2. Additionally, effects of DEHP maternal exposure on the placental transfer and fetal distribution of representative EFAs, arachidonic acid (AA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and the placental production of prostaglandins (PGs) were investigated. Expression of PPARalpha, PPARgamma, FAT/CD36, FATP1, HFABP and CYP4A1 was up-regulated in JXN and/or LAB while COX-2 was down-regulated in JXN. PPARbeta, FABPpm, and COX-1 demonstrated variable expression. Reduced directional maternal-to-fetal placental transfer and altered fetal distribution of AA and DHA were observed in concordance with a decreased total placental PG production. These results correlate with previous in vitro data, suggesting that DEHP could influence placental EFA homeostasis with potential downstream effects in the developing fetus.
Phthalates are used as plasticizers and solvents in industrial, medical and consumer products; however, occupational exposure information is limited. We sought to obtain preliminary information on occupational exposures to diethyl phthalate (DEP), di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) and di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) by analyzing for their metabolites in urine samples collected from workers in a cross-section of industries. We also obtained data on metabolites of dimethyl phthalate (DMP), benzylbutyl phthalate (BzBP), di-isobutyl phthalate and di-isononyl phthalate. We recruited 156 workers in 2003-2005 from eight industry sectors. We assessed occupational contribution by comparing end-shift metabolite concentrations to the US general population. Evidence of occupational exposure to DEHP was strongest in polyvinyl chloride (PVC) film manufacturing, PVC compounding and rubber boot manufacturing where geometric mean (GM) end-shift concentrations of DEHP metabolites exceeded general population levels by 8-, 6- and 3-fold, respectively. Occupational exposure to DBP was most evident in rubber gasket, phthalate (raw material) and rubber hose manufacturing, with DBP metabolite concentrations exceeding general population levels by 26-, 25- and 10-fold, respectively, whereas DBP exposure in nail-only salons (manicurists) was only 2-fold higher than in the general population. Concentrations of DEP and DMP metabolites in phthalate manufacturing exceeded general population levels by 4- and >1000-fold, respectively. We also found instances where GM end-shift concentrations of some metabolites exceeded general population concentrations even when no workplace use was reported, e.g. BzBP in rubber hose and rubber boot manufacturing. In summary, using urinary metabolites, we successfully identified workplaces with likely occupational phthalate exposure. Additional work is needed to distinguish occupational from non-occupational sources in low-exposure workplaces.
After briefly discussing human exposure to phthalates--diesters of 1,2-benzenedicarboxylic acid (phthalic acid)--this article first presents recent findings from the Study for Future Families, a multi-center pregnancy study in which the human analogue of the phthalate syndrome was first identified. This is one of an increasing number of studies that have investigated human endpoints in relation to environmental exposure to these ubiquitous compounds. This literature, which includes a range of human health endpoints following prenatal, neonatal, childhood, and adult exposures, is then summarized. At least one significant association has been reported for urinary metabolites of di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP), butylbenzyl phthalate (BzBP), diethyl phthlate (DEP), and di-isononyl phthalate (DINP) and for three of the urinary metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP). Many of the findings reported in humans--most of which have been in males--are consistent with the anti-androgenic action that has been demonstrated for several phthalates. Replication of the results described here and further mechanistic studies are needed to strengthen links between phthalates and adverse health outcomes.
Human exposure to phthalic acid diesters occurs through a variety of pathways as a result of their widespread use in consumer products and plastics. Repeated doses of di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) from gestation day (GD) 12 to 19 disrupt testosterone synthesis and male sexual development in the fetal rat. Currently little is known about the disposition of DBP metabolites, such as monobutyl phthalate (MBP) and its glucuronide conjugate (MBP-G), during gestation after repeated exposure to DBP. In order to gain a better understanding of the effect of repeated dosing on maternal and fetal metabolism and distribution, pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were given a single dose of 500 mg/kg DBP on GD 19 or daily doses of 50, 100, and 500 mg/(kg day) from GD 12 to 19 via corn oil gavage. Dose-response evaluation revealed a non-linear increase in maternal and fetal plasma concentrations of MBP. Maternal and fetal MBP levels were slightly lower in animals after 8 days of dosing at 500 mg/(kg day). Fetal plasma MBP levels closely followed maternal plasma, while the appearance and elimination of MBP-G in fetal plasma were significantly delayed. MBP-G accumulated over time in the amniotic fluid. Inhibition of testosterone was rapid in fetal testes when exposed to DBP (500 mg/(kg day)) on GD 19. Within 24h, the level of inhibition in the fetus was similar between animals exposed to a single or multiple daily doses of 500 mg/(kg day). Examination of testosterone time-course data indicates a rapid recovery to normal levels within 24h post-dosing at DBP doses of 50 and 100 mg/(kg day), with a rebound to higher than normal concentrations at later time-points. MBP kinetics in fetal testes allows direct comparison of active metabolite concentrations and testosterone response in the fetal testes.
Experimental animal studies have demonstrated that exposure to some phthalates may be associated with altered endocrine function and adverse effects on male reproductive development and function, but human studies are limited. In the present study, urine and serum samples were collected from 425 men recruited through a US infertility clinic. Urinary concentrations of mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), the hydrolytic metabolite of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), and other phthalate monoester metabolites were measured, along with serum levels of testosterone, estradiol, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), follicle-stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, inhibin B, and prolactin. Two oxidized urinary metabolites of DEHP were also measured in urine from 221 of the men. In multiple regression models adjusted for potential confounders, MEHP was inversely associated with testosterone, estradiol, and free androgen index (FAI). An interquartile range increase in MEHP was associated with 3.7% (95% confidence interval [CI], -6.8% to -0.5%) and 6.8% (95% CI, -11.2% to -2.4%) declines in testosterone and estradiol, respectively, relative to the population median hormone levels. There was limited evidence for effect modification of the inverse association between MEHP and FAI by the proportion of DEHP metabolites in the urine measured as MEHP (MEHP%), which is considered a phenotypic marker of less efficient metabolism of DEHP to its oxidized metabolites. Finally, the ratio of testosterone to estradiol was positively associated with MEHP (P = .07) and MEHP% (P = .007), suggesting potential relationships with aromatase suppression. In conclusion, these results suggest that urinary metabolites of DEHP are inversely associated with circulating steroid hormone levels in adult men. However, additional research is needed to confirm these findings.
A simple pharmacokinetic model to predict concentrations of metabolites of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate, DEHP, in humans starting from intakes of DEHP was developed and applied. This model predicts serum and urine concentrations of five DEHP metabolites: MEHP, 5oxo-MEHP, 5OH-MEHP, 5cx-MEPP, and 2cx-MMHP. The model was calibrated using data from an individual who dosed himself with 48.5 mg DEHP, and then took blood and urine samples over a 44-h period. The calibrated model was then used in two applications: one on a second set of individuals whose exposure to DEHP was through PVC medical devices in a blood platelet donation procedure, and one on background exposures in the United States (US). Based on 2001/02 NHANES data, median US background urine concentrations of MEHP, 5OH-MEHP, and 5oxo-MEHP are 4.1, 20.1, and 14.0 microg/l, respectively. Creatine and urine volume-correction approaches were used to backcalculate an average daily dose of DEHP in the range of 0.6-2.2 microg/kg per day. A "background cohort" including 8 individuals and 57 complete days of urination were assumed to be exposed to1.5 microg/kg per day, spread out in equal doses of 0.3 microg/kg per day at 0900, 1200, 1500, 1800, and 2100 h. The average predicted urine concentrations were 4.6, 15.9, and 9.4 microg/l for MEHP, 5OH-MEHP, and 5oxo-MEHP. These are similar, but the two secondary metabolites are slightly lower than medians found in NHANES. This slight difference between the NHANES results and the background simulations could have been due to differences in metabolism between the individual who provided the calibration data (61-year-old Caucasian male) and the general US population. Another explanation evaluated was that urine concentrations further from the time of exposure may have larger disparities between MEHP and the two secondary metabolites as compared with concentrations measured closer to the time of exposure.
Diethylhexylphthalate (DEHP) has been classified as an antiandrogen. However, whether in utero and lactational exposures of DEHP affect Leydig cells has not been well established. In the present study, the effects of DEHP exposures on fetal Leydig cells (FLCs) and adult Leydig cells (ALCs) were assessed. Pregnant dams of Long-Evans rats were treated with 0, 10, and 750 mg/kg body weight DEHP from Gestational Day 12.5 to Postnatal Day (PND) 21.5. Fetal Leydig cell clustering and FLC-specific gene expression were examined. Anogenital distances (AGDs) of male pups were assessed at PND 2. Serum testosterone levels of male pups and mRNA levels of ALC-specific genes were measured at PNDs 21 and 49. The AGDs of male pups were significantly shorter in the group treated with 750 mg/kg DEHP (mean +/- SEM, 3.68 +/- 0.16 mm) compared with control (4.62 +/- 0.13 mm). The FLCs were aggregated after 10 and 750 mg/kg DEHP exposures. Several FLC-specific genes, including luteinizing hormone receptor (Lhcgr) and steroidogenic enzyme genes, were downregulated at both doses. Serum testosterone levels were significantly lower compared with control at PND 21 after treatment of 10 or 750 mg/kg DEHP, and continued to be lower even up to 49 days postpartum at the higher dose. The mRNA levels for Lhcgr and steroidogenic enzyme genes were significantly lower at both doses of DEHP at PND 21, whereas there were no significant differences for these genes at PND 49. In conclusion, in utero and continued lactational exposures to DEHP exert long-term disruption of steroidogenesis of ALCs.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates are ubiquitous in the environment, but concentrations in multiple media from breast-feeding U.S. women have not been evaluated. OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to accurately measure and compare the concentrations of oxidative monoester phthalate metabolites in milk and surrogate fluids (serum, saliva, and urine) of 33 lactating North Carolina women. METHODS: We analyzed serum, saliva, urine, and milk for the oxidative phthalate metabolites mono(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate, mono(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate (MECPP), mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate, and mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate using isotope-dilution high-performance liquid chromatography tandem mass spectroscopy. Because only urine lacks esterases, we analyzed it for the hydrolytic phthalate monoesters. RESULTS: We detected phthalate metabolites in few milk (< 10%) and saliva samples. MECPP was detected in > 80% of serum samples, but other metabolites were less common (3-22%). Seven of the 10 urinary metabolites were detectable in > or = 85% of samples. Monoethyl phthalate had the highest mean concentration in urine. Metabolite concentrations differed by body fluid (urine > serum > milk and saliva). Questionnaire data suggest that frequent nail polish use, immunoglobulin A, and fasting serum glucose and triglyceride levels were increased among women with higher concentrations of urinary and/or serum phthalate metabolites; motor vehicle age was inversely correlated with certain urinary phthalate concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that phthalate metabolites are most frequently detected in urine of lactating women and are less often detected in serum, milk, or saliva. Urinary phthalate concentrations reflect maternal exposure and do not represent the concentrations of oxidative metabolites in other body fluids, especially milk. 
Phthalates are industrial additives widely used as plasticizers. In addition to deleterious effects on male genital development, population studies have documented correlations between phthalates exposure and impacts on reproductive tract development and on the metabolic syndrome in male adults. In this work we investigated potential mechanisms underlying the impact of DEHP on adult mouse liver in vivo. A parallel analysis of hepatic transcript and metabolic profiles from adult mice exposed to varying DEHP doses was performed. Hepatic genes modulated by DEHP are predominantly PPARalpha targets. However, the induction of prototypic cytochrome P450 genes strongly supports the activation of additional NR pathways, including Constitutive Androstane Receptor (CAR). Integration of transcriptomic and metabonomic profiles revealed a correlation between the impacts of DEHP on genes and metabolites related to heme synthesis and to the Rev-erbalpha pathway that senses endogenous heme level. We further confirmed the combined impact of DEHP on the hepatic expression of Alas1, a critical enzyme in heme synthesis and on the expression of Rev-erbalpha target genes involved in the cellular clock and in energy metabolism. This work shows that DEHP interferes with hepatic CAR and Rev-erbalpha pathways which are both involved in the control of metabolism. The identification of these new hepatic pathways targeted by DEHP could contribute to metabolic and endocrine disruption associated with phthalate exposure. Gene expression profiles performed on microdissected testis territories displayed a differential responsiveness to DEHP. Altogether, this suggests that impacts of DEHP on adult organs, including testis, could be documented and deserve further investigations.
Di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is a plasticizer used in consumer and medical products that can cross the placenta, disrupt steroid hormone synthesis, and activate peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma. The authors examined DEHP exposure in relation to the timing of labor in a pregnancy cohort study of 283 women recruited in 4 US states (California, Iowa, Minnesota, and Missouri) between 2000 and 2004. The authors estimated associations between concentrations of DEHP metabolites and gestational age at delivery using linear regression models and associations between DEHP metabolites and clinical outcomes using logistic regression models. After covariate adjustment, women at the 75th percentile of DEHP metabolite concentrations had a 2-day-longer mean length of gestation than women at the 25th percentile (95% confidence interval: 1.4, 3.3). Log-unit increases in mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate and mono-2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl phthalate concentrations were associated with increased odds of cesarean section delivery (30% and 50% increased odds, respectively), increased odds of delivering at 41 weeks or later (100% and 120% increased odds), and reduced odds of preterm delivery (50% and 60% decreased odds). These data suggest that DEHP may interfere with signaling related to the timing of parturition.
BACKGROUND: Widespread human exposure to phthalates, some of which are developmental and reproductive toxicants in experimental animals, raises concerns about potential human health risks. Underappreciated sources of exposure include phthalates in the polymers coating some oral medications. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to evaluate whether users of phthalate-containing medications have higher urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites than do nonusers. METHODS: We used publically available files from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey for the years 1999-2004. For certain survey periods, participants were asked to recall use of prescription medication during the past 30 days, and for a subsample of individuals, the urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites were measured. We a priori identified medications potentially containing phthalates as inactive ingredients and then compared the mean urinary concentration of phthalate metabolites between users and nonusers of those medications. RESULTS: Of the 7,999 persons with information on urinary phthalate concentrations, 6 reported using mesalamine formulations, some of which may include dibutyl phthalate (DBP); the mean urinary concentration of monobutyl phthalate, the main DBP metabolite, among these mesalamine users was 50 times higher than the mean for nonusers (2,257 microg/L vs. 46 microg/L; p < 0.0001). Users of didanosine, omeprazole, and theophylline products, some of which may contain diethyl phthalate (DEP), had mean urinary concentrations of monoethyl phthalate, the main DEP metabolite, significantly higher than the mean for nonusers. CONCLUSION: Select medications might be a source of high exposure to some phthalates, one of which, DBP, shows adverse developmental and reproductive effects in laboratory animals. These results raise concern about potential human health risks, specifically among vulnerable segments of the general population and particularly pregnant women and children. 
Humans are exposed to phthalates due to the ubiquitous use of these chemicals in consumer products. In the body, phthalates metabolize quickly to form hydrolytic and oxidative monoesters which, in turn, can be glucuronidated before urinary excretion. Exposure assessment studies typically report the total urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites (i.e., free plus glucuronidated species). Nevertheless, because conjugation may potentially reduce the bioactivity of the metabolites by reducing their bioavailability, measuring the concentrations of free species may be of interest. An accurate, quantitative measurement of phthalate monoesters and their conjugated species requires data on the stability of these species in urine after sample collection and before analysis. We studied the stability of eight phthalate metabolites and their glucuronide conjugates at 25, 4, and -70 degrees C. Interestingly, the total concentrations of phthalate metabolites decreased over time at 25 and 4 degrees C, but not at -70 degrees C for up to 1 year and despite several freeze-thaw cycles. We further observed a considerable decrease in the concentrations of the glucuronides of some phthalate metabolites 1 day and 3 days after collection when the samples were stored at 25 and 4 degrees C, respectively. By contrast, the concentrations of the glucuronide conjugates at -70 degrees C remained unchanged for the whole duration of the study (1 year). Based on these findings, we recommend transferring urine specimens to a cooler or a refrigerator immediately after collection followed by permanent storage at subfreezing temperatures within hours of sample collection.
Laboratory studies show that exposure to phthalates during development can cause adverse effects, especially for males. Studies in humans would be facilitated by collection of urine during pregnancy, long-term storage, and measurement of phthalate metabolites at the time that offspring health is assessed. Our aims were to measure urinary phthalate metabolites after long-term freezer storage, to use those measurements to evaluate within-woman variability over 2- and 4-week intervals, and to determine whether the phases of the menstrual cycle affect metabolite levels. Samples were selected from daily first-morning urine specimens collected by 60 women and stored frozen since 1983-1985. Three specimens per woman were selected at approximately 2-week intervals to include both follicular and luteal phase samples. Seven metabolites of five phthalates were measured by mass spectrometry. Statistical analyses were conducted with correlation, mixed model regression, and the Wilcoxon signed rank test. Creatinine-corrected urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations measured in samples after long-term storage tended to have a similar right-skewed distribution, though with somewhat higher concentrations than those reported for recently collected US samples. The concentrations of three metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in the same specimen were very highly correlated (Pearson r=0.85-0.97). Reproducibility over a 4-week interval was moderate for the metabolites of diethyl phthalate and benzylbutyl phthalate (intraclass correlation coefficients, ICCs, 0.48 and 0.53, respectively), whereas five other metabolites had lower ICCs (0.21-0.37). Menstrual phase was not related to metabolite concentrations. Although the same samples have not been measured both before and after long-term storage, results suggest that the measurement of phthalate metabolites after long-term sample storage yield generally similar distributions and temporal reliability as those reported for recently collected specimens. These findings support the use of stored urine specimens collected during the relevant stage of human pregnancy to investigate the influence of phthalate exposures on later outcomes.
Phthalates are chemicals employed in several industrial products and there is a growing body of evidence demonstrating that they induce numerous adverse effects on the reproductive system. This study was carried out to assess possible alterations induced by the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) on cholesterol, testosterone, and thyroxine (total T4) levels, as well as to discuss the significance of these data in global changes observed in the reproductive tract of pubertal animals. Wistar rats aged 21 days received DEHP orally at 0, 250, 500, and 750 mg/kg/day for 30 days and were examined for different reproductive endpoints. At the end of the treatment, significant decreases in relative weight of testosterone-dependent organs, delayed preputial separation, and low serum testosterone were observed at the highest DEHP dose. The plot of the relationship between DEHP dose and serum cholesterol revealed a biphasic effect. The concentration of cholesterol in serum was significantly reduced at 250 mg/kg/day DEHP but returned to control values at 750 mg/kg/day. Cholesterol levels measured in testicular tissue increased with DEHP treatment. Serum T4 levels were not affected by DEHP at any dose, indicating the absence of a link between total thyroxin concentration and phthalate effects on cholesterol levels. Taken together these results indicate that effects observed in serum and testicular cholesterol levels may reflect distinct effects of DEHP on cholesterol synthesis and usage. These results confirm and extend previously reported findings showing that alterations in cholesterol balance may play a role in the suppression of steroidogenesis induced by DEHP in rats.
The aim of this study was to determine the levels of phthalate ester metabolites in girls in early puberty, and the associated environmental factors for phthalate exposure. A case-control study was conducted in which we recruited girls in early puberty, including 30 girls with premature thelarche (PT) and 26 with central precocious puberty (CPP), and 33 normal controls. The mean urine levels of monomethyl phthalate (MMP) were significantly higher in the PT group (96.5 +/- 134.0 ng/ml) than in the control group (26.4 +/- 30.0 ng/ml; p = 0.005). The levels of monobutyl phthalate (MBuP) correlated with the intake of seafood, drink and the use of plastic cups. The levels of mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) correlated with the intake of seafood and meat and exposure plastic handi-wrap. Significantly higher MMP in the PT girls revealed that phthalate may be one of the environmental causes of early puberty in Taiwanese girls.
We investigated the relationship between prenatal maternal urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites and neonatal behavior in their 295 children enrolled in a multiethnic birth cohort between 1998 and 2002 at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York City. Trained examiners administered the Brazelton Neonatal Behavioral Assessment Scale (BNBAS) to children within 5 days of delivery. We measured metabolites of 7 phthalate esters in maternal urine that was collected between 25 and 40 weeks' gestation. All but two phthalate metabolites were over 95% detectable. We summed metabolites on a molar basis into low and high molecular weight phthalates. We hypothesized the existence of sex-specific effects from phthalate exposure a priori given the hormonal activity of these chemicals. Overall we found few associations between individual phthalate metabolites or their molar sums and most of the BNBAS domains. However, we observed significant sex-phthalate metabolite interactions (p<0.10) for the Orientation and Motor domains and the overall Quality of Alertness score. Among girls, there was a significant linear decline in adjusted mean Orientation score with increasing urinary concentrations of high molecular weight phthalate metabolites (B=-0.37, p=0.02). Likewise, there was a strong linear decline in their adjusted mean Quality of Alertness score (B=-0.48, p<0.01). In addition, boys and girls demonstrated opposite patterns of association between low and high molecular weight phthalate metabolite concentrations and motor performance, with some indication of improved motor performance with increasing concentration of low molecular weight phthalate metabolites among boys. This is the first study to report an association between prenatal phthalate exposure and neurological effects in humans or animals, and as such requires replication.
Concerns about reproductive and developmental health risks of exposure to organophosphate (OP) pesticides, phthalates, and bisphenol A (BPA) among the general population are increasing. Six dialkyl phosphate (DAP) metabolites, 3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridinol (TCPy), BPA, and fourteen phthalate metabolites were measured in 10 pooled urine samples representing 110 pregnant women who participated in the Norwegian Mother and Child Birth Cohort (MoBa) study in 2004. Daily intakes were estimated from urinary data and compared with reference doses (RfDs) and daily tolerable intakes (TDIs). The MoBa women had a higher mean BPA concentration (4.50 microg/L) than the pregnant women in the Generation R Study (Generation R) in the Netherlands and the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) in the United States. The mean concentration of total DAP metabolites (24.20 microg/L) in MoBa women was higher than that in NHANES women but lower than that in Generation R women. The diethyl phthalate metabolite mono-ethyl phthalate (MEP) was the dominant phthalate metabolite in all three studies, with the mean concentrations of greater than 300 microg/L. The MoBa and Generation R women had higher mean concentrations of mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP) and mono-isobutyl phthalate (MiBP) than the NHANES women. The estimated average daily intakes of BPA, chlorpyrifos/chlorpyrifos-methyl and phthalates in MoBa (and the other two studies) were below the RfDs and TDIs. The higher levels of metabolites in the MoBa participants may have been from intake via pesticide residues in food (organophosphates), consumption of canned food, especially fish/seafood (BPA), and use of personal care products (selected phthalates).
The fetus is considered to be the most sensitive stage of life to the potential developmental and reproductive toxicity of the phthalates. But, data on human fetal exposure to phthalates is still scarce. In this pilot study we collected 11 pairs of amniotic fluid (AF) and corresponding maternal urine (MU) samples during Caesarean section and analysed them for several phthalate metabolites by LC-MS/MS. In all AF samples, metabolites of di-n-butyl phthalate (DnBP), diisobutyl phthalate (DiBP), butylbenzyl phthalate (BBzP), di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) were detectable. For the first time, we were able to detect also oxidative phthalate metabolites in AF, with two carboxy metabolites of DEHP showing the highest abundance. In the MU samples, the concentrations of the phthalate metabolites were generally much higher than in the AF samples. There was a statistically significant linear correlation for the DiBP monoester (MiBP) (r=0.93; p<0.001) in the AF and MU samples. We also found a significant correlation for the DEHP monoester (MEHP) (r=0.91; p<0.001), although there was a most likely external contamination with MEHP in the MU samples. Our results suggest that several phthalates or their metabolites, respectively, reach the human fetus, which might be able to affect fetal health. Further research is needed to elucidate fetal metabolism of phthalates and to evaluate the in utero phthalate exposure and the potential effects on fetal reproductive development. Due to the continuous turn over of AF, urinary levels may be most appropriate for assessing both maternal and fetal phthalate exposure.
Phthalates like di-n-butyl phthalate (DnBP) and diisobutyl phthalate (DiBP) are commonly used as plasticisers, enteric coatings in medications and their metabolites (MnBP respectively MiBP) are suspect of adverse endocrine activities. The aim of this study was to determine kinetical data in humans after the application of a drug containing 3600 microg of DnBP and to quantify main metabolites of DnBP and DiBP with and without glucuronidase treatment. Since commonly glucuronides do not exhibit endocrine activity it is of interest to determine the potentially active metabolite like free MnBP and MiBP for a valid risk assessment. After the application of one capsule containing 3600 microg of DnBP to 17 volunteers 78% (median of 2248 microg of total MnBP) of administered DnBP was found within 24h in urine. After 24h the levels of MnBP in urine were comparable to concentrations before administration showing a fast elimination. In contrast to controls in all urine samples collected within 24h after the administration of the drug free MnBP was observed with a median of 4% of total MnBP. In controls total MnBP and MiBP were found in median concentration of 23 microg/24h and about 50 microg/24h, respectively and therefore environmental exposure to DnBP is only 1% compared to medication. Since an uptake of 3600 microg in only one capsule is already above the tolerable daily intake (TDI) for DnBP of 10 microg/kg b.w. from a preventive health protection DnBP should be replaced in medical drugs.
Concern exists over whether additives in plastics to which most people are exposed, such as phthalates, bisphenol A or polybrominated diphenyl ethers, may cause harm to human health by altering endocrine function or through other biological mechanisms. Human data are limited compared with the large body of experimental evidence documenting reproductive or developmental toxicity in relation to these compounds. Here, we discuss the current state of human evidence, as well as future research trends and needs. Because exposure assessment is often a major weakness in epidemiological studies, and in utero exposures to reproductive or developmental toxicants are important, we also provide original data on maternal exposure to phthalates during and after pregnancy (n = 242). Phthalate metabolite concentrations in urine showed weak correlations between pre- and post-natal samples, though the strength of the relationship increased when duration between the two samples decreased. Phthalate metabolite levels also tended to be higher in post-natal samples. In conclusion, there is a great need for more human studies of adverse health effects associated with plastic additives. Recent advances in the measurement of exposure biomarkers hold much promise in improving the epidemiological data, but their utility must be understood to facilitate appropriate study design.
In the present study we evaluated the toxic effects on the male adult rat prostate of DBP exposure during fetal and lactational periods, because although many studies have addressed the influence of phthalates on the male reproductive system, only a few have discussed their possible effects on prostate development. Pregnant females were distributed into two experimental groups: Control (C) and Treated (T). The females of the T group received DBP (100mg/kg, by gavage) from gestation day 12 to postnatal day 21, while C rats received the vehicle (corn oil). In adulthood (90 days old), the animals were euthanized. The serum and testicular testosterone levels were measured. Ventral prostate was removed and weighed. Distal segment fragments of the ventral prostate were fixed and processed for histochemistry and immunohistochemistry to detect androgen receptor (AR) and Ki67 antigens. Protein extraction from ventral prostate fragments was performed for AR immunoblotting and Gelatin zymography for MMP-2 and MMP-9 (MMP, metalloproteinase). Stereological and histopathological analyses were also performed. Serum and testicular testosterone levels and prostate weight were comparable between groups. In the T group the relative proportions (%) of epithelial (C=32.86; T=42.04*) and stromal (C=21.61; T=27.88*) compartments were increased, while the luminal compartment was decreased (C=45.54; T=30.08*), *p<0.05. InT, disseminated inflammatory infiltrate in the stroma, associated or not with epithelial dysplasia and PIN (Prostatic Intraepithelial Neoplasia), was observed. Increases in AR expression, proliferation index and metalloproteinase 9 (MMP-9) activity were noted in T animals. In some T animals, collagen fibrils accumulated adjacent to the epithelium. As far as we are aware, this is the first report in the literature showing that phthalates could play a role in proliferative and inflammatory disorders of the rat prostate.
OBJECTIVE: To assess maternal-fetal exposure to phthalates and investigate whether in utero phthalate exposure is associated with low birth weight (LBW). STUDY DESIGN: A total of 201 newborn-mother pairs (88 LBW cases and 113 controls) residing in Shanghai were enrolled in this nested case-control study during 2005-2006. Maternal blood, cord blood, and meconium specimens were collected and analyzed for phthalates by high-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. Nonparametric tests were used to compare demographic characteristics in cases and controls. Conditional logistic regression and Spearman correlation were used to analyze the association between phthalate exposure and LBW. RESULTS: No significant differences in gestational age, prepregnancy body mass index, prenatal care, vitamin supplementation, or socioeconomic levels were found between the LBW and control infants. More than 70% of the biosamples had quantifiable levels of phthalates, with higher levels in the LBW infants compared with the controls. Prenatal di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) exposure was associated with LBW, and di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) was negatively associated with birth length. After adjusting for the potential confounders, DBP concentrations in the highest quartile were associated with an increased risk of LBW. CONCLUSIONS: Newborns in China are ubiquitously exposed to phthalates; significantly higher phthalate levels were detected in LBW cases compared with controls. In utero DBP and DEHP exposures were associated with LBW in a dose-dependent manner. Prenatal phthalate exposure may be a risk factor for LBW. 
Most rodent developmental toxicity studies of dibutylphthalate (DBP) have relied on bolus gavage dosing. This study characterized the developmental toxicity of dietary DBP. Pregnant CD rats were given nominal doses of 0, 100, or 500 mg DBP/kg/day in diet (actual intake 0, 112, and 582 mg/kg/day) from gestational day (GD) 12 through the morning of GD 19. Rats were killed 4 or 24 hr thereafter. DBP dietary exposure resulted in significant dose-dependent reductions in testicular mRNA concentration of scavenger receptor class B, member 1; steroidogenic acute regulatory protein; cytochrome P450, family 11, subfamily a, polypeptide 1; and cytochrome P450 family 17, subfamily a, polypeptide 1. These effects were most pronounced 4 hr after the end of exposure. Testicular testosterone was reduced 24 hr post-exposure in both DBP dose groups and 4 hr after termination of the 500-mg DBP/kg/day exposure. Maternal exposure to 500 mg DBP/kg/day induced a significant reduction in male offspring's anogenital distance indicating in utero disruption of androgen function. Leydig cell aggregates, increased cord diameters, and multinucleated gonocytes were present in DBP-treated rats. Monobutyl phthalate, the developmentally toxic metabolite of DBP, and its glucuronide conjugate were found in maternal and fetal plasma, amniotic fluid, and maternal urine. Our results, when compared to previously conducted gavage studies, indicate that approximately equal doses of oral DBP exposure of pregnant rats, from diet or gavage, result in similar responses in male offspring.
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is a commonly used plasticizer with ubiquitous spread. Its metabolites are suspected to impair endocrine functions and fertility in man. This study is aimed to assess the DEHP exposure in children and adults, to evaluate the intraindividual variability, the influence of seasons and to identify potential routes of intake. Urine samples were collected from 6 people (age 4-58) over 7 consecutive days 4-times during a year to test for seasonal factors. 5-OH-MEHP and 5-oxo-MEHP were quantified by GC-MS. Urine concentrations of both metabolites were highly correlated with each other. Both female subjects showed remarkably low and stable 5-OH-MEHP concentrations throughout the year (median <or=64.1 and <or=78.5microg/l). Also both male adults exhibited a low burden during most measurements (median <or=50.0 and <or=52.5microg/l) except in January for the 19 year old (median: 141.4microg/l) and two single high events for the 58 year old male. In contrast, both examined boys reached weekly median concentrations as high as 171.0microg/l accompanied by a high degree of variability. Five peak events were identified, 3 of which are suspected to be caused by particular meals. During the 28 days of monitoring one adult male and two male children exceeded the tolerable metabolite concentration for the sum of 5-oxo-MEHP and 5-OH-MEHP (HBM I value) 4 times. Two of the children contributed one transgression event each, exceeding the HBM I value by a factor of 2-4. Across the 6 studied individuals we found a weak seasonal trend towards higher levels of exposure during the winter.
BACKGROUND: Subjects submitted to intravenous (IV) blood transfusions for medical reasons or blood doping to increase athletic performance are potentially exposed to the plasticizer di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) found in IV bags. Exposure to DEHP has been evaluated by measuring DEHP metabolites in selected groups of subjects. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: Urinary DEHP metabolites, mono-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate, mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate (MEHHP), and mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate (MEOHP) were measured in a control group with no explicit known exposure to DEHP (n = 30), hospitalized patients receiving blood transfusions (n = 25), nontransfused hospitalized patients receiving other medical care involving plastic materials (n = 39), and athletes (n = 127). Patients were tested in the periods 0 to 24 and 24 to 48 hours after exposition. RESULTS: Urinary concentrations of all three DEHP metabolites were significantly higher in patients receiving blood transfusion than in nontransfused patients and the control group, except for MEHHP and MEOHP in the period 24 to 48 hours. Samples from four athletes showed increased concentrations of DEHP metabolites comparable to urinary concentrations of patients receiving blood transfusion. CONCLUSION: Elevated concentrations of urinary DEHP metabolites represent increased exposure to DEHP. High concentrations of DEHP metabolites present in urine collected from athletes may suggest illegal blood transfusion and can be used as a qualitative screening measure for blood doping. 
Urine samples from GerES IV were analysed for concentrations of the metabolites of DEHP (MEHP, 5OH-MEHP, 5oxo-MEHP, 5cx-MEPP, and 2cx-MMHP), DnBP and DiBP (MnBP and MiBP), BBzP (MBzP), DiNP (7OH-MMeOP, 7oxo-MMeOP and 7cx-MMeHP), and bisphenol A (BPA) to assess the exposure of German children on a representative basis. 600 morning urine samples had been randomly chosen from stored 1800 GerES IV samples originating from 3 to 14 year old children living in Germany. All metabolites could be detected in nearly all urine samples (N=599). Descriptive data analysis leads to mean concentrations of 5-OH-MEHP and 5-oxo-MEHP of 48microg/l and 37microg/l, respectively. The mean concentration of 7OH-MMeOP was 11microg/l. MnBP, MiNP, MBzP showed mean levels of 96microg/l, 94microg/l, and 18microg/l, respectively. The concentrations of the phthalate metabolites decreased with increasing age. Compared to German adults all children showed three to five fold higher urine concentrations than adults analysed in the same decade. For some children the levels of the sum of 5OH-MEHP and 5oxo-MEHP in urine were higher than the German human biomonitoring value (HBM I) of 500mcirog/l, which indicates that adverse health effects cannot be excluded for these subjects with sufficient certainty. The mean concentration of BPA in urine was 2.7microg/l. A rough calculation of the daily intakes on the basis of the measured concentrations in urine resulted in daily intakes two orders of magnitude lower than the current EFSA reference dose of 50microg/kgbw/d.
INTRODUCTION: Phthalates are suspected to act as endocrine modulators in humans and exert reproductive toxicity. The general population is exposed to phthalates through nutrition, consumer products, medications and medical devices. The aim of the present study is to explore whether internal phthalate exposure represented by metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) can be related to human markers of reproductive function (i.e. semen concentration, motility and morphology). METHODS: We recruited 349 men who were part of subfertile couples and were referred for fertility work-up between April 2004 and November 2005. Semen analysis was performed according to recommendations of the World Health Organization (WHO). Parameters were dichotomized based on 1999 WHO reference values for sperm concentration (<20million/ml) and motility (<50% sperm with progressive motility), as well as Tygerberg strict criteria for morphology (<4% normal forms). We analyzed internal DEHP exposure in single spot urine samples by determining its secondary metabolites mono(2-ethyl-5-oxo-hexyl)phthalate (5oxo-MEHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate (5OH-MEHP) and 5carboxy-mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (5cx-MEPP) next to the monoester metabolite mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP). Logistic regression was performed for the three semen parameters (concentration, motility, and normal morphology) to estimate their dependence on the sum of the four DEHP metabolites (DEHP-4) under consideration. Adjustment was performed for age, duration of abstinence, and smoking status. RESULTS: DEHP metabolites of n=349 men (age: median=34ys) were analysed. Median concentrations [microg/l] were MEHP (n=337) 4.35, 5OH-MEHP (n=341) 12.66, 5oxo-MEHP (n=341) 9.02, and 5cx- MEPP (n=292) 14.53. Semen parameters of n=349 men were analysed by logistic regression. Semen concentration (<20mio/ml: 35%) or sperm motility (WHO A+B <50%=20%) were not found to be associated statistically significantly with the sum the DEHP metabolites (DEHP-4). DISCUSSION: Metabolites of DEHP and other phthalates analyzed in urine are very specific for determining recent internal phthalate exposure. According to our evaluation human reproductive parameters from semen analyses do not show significant associations with concentrations of DEHP metabolites determined in spot urine sampled at the day of andrological examination. 
This study presents results of an analytical method developed for the quantification of monoalkyl phthalate esters (MPEs) in seawater, sediments, and biota. The method uses accelerated solvent extraction, solid-phase extraction, and liquid chromatography electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry (LC/ ESI-MS/MS). Results show the method is robust and can provide trace measurement of several MPE analytes at low parts per trillion levels in water and low parts per billion levels in sediments and biological tissues. Analyte recoveries varied between 70% and 110%. Method detection limits (MDLs) varied between 0.19 and 3.98 ng/L in seawater and between 0.024 and 0.99 ng/g in sediment and biota, which is approximately 10-50 times lower than previously reported MDLs using gas chromatography mass spectrometry. We applied the method to field collected samples of seawater, sediments, and tissues of mussels, crabs, and fish from False Creek an urbanized marine inlet near Vancouver, Canada. The results indicate residues of several MPEs can be found in surface waters, sediments, and organism tissues of this marine system. Monoethyl phthalate (MEP), mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP), and mono-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (MEHP) were frequently detected in all matrices. MnBP generally exhibited the highest concentrations among MPEs analyzed. Detectable concentrations of MPEs varied from 1 to 600 ng/L in seawater, 0.1 to 20 ng/g dry wt in sediments, and 0.1 to 600 ng/g wet wt in biota. Observed concentrations of low molecular weight MPEs in mussels were found to be significantly higher (P < 0.05) than those of corresponding parent DPEs (e.g., MnBP > DBP). Mono-iso-nonyl-phthalate (MoC9) and mono-iso-decyl phthalate (MoC10), which were routinely detected in water and sediments, were not detected in False Creek biota, indicating negligible uptake and/or in vivo bioformation of these high molecular weight MPEs. The ability to measure MPEs in complex environmental samples provided by this LC/ESI-MS/MS method expands the capability for future biomonitoring and risk assessment of phthalate plasticizers.
BACKGROUND: Very few studies have examined the association between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and phthalate exposure in humans. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of phthalates on symptoms of ADHD in school-age children. METHODS: A cross-sectional examination of urine phthalate concentrations was performed, and scores on measures of ADHD symptoms and neuropsychological dysfunction with regard to attention and impulsivity were obtained from 261 Korean children, age 8-11 years. RESULTS: Mono-2-ethylheyl phthalate (MEHP) and mono-2-ethyl-5-oxohexylphthalate (MEOP) for metabolites of Di-2-ethylhexylphthalate (DEHP) and mono-n-butyl phthalate (MNBP) for metabolites of dibutyl phthalate (DBP) were measured in urine samples. The mean concentrations of MEHP, MEOP, and MNBP were 34.0 microg/dL (SD = 36.3; range: 2.1-386.7), 23.4 microg/dL (SD = 23.0; range: .75-244.8), and 46.7 microg/L (SD = 21.4; range: 13.2-159.3), respectively. After adjustment for covariates, teacher-rated ADHD scores were significantly associated with DEHP metabolites but not with DBP metabolites. We also found significant relationships between the urine concentrations of metabolites for DBP and the number of omission and commission errors in continuous performance tests (CPT) after adjustment for covariates. CONCLUSION: The present study showed a strong positive association between phthalate metabolites in urine and symptoms of ADHD among school-age children. 
Phthalates may act as an estrogen and are a potential risk factor for estrogen-related diseases such as endometriosis. We assessed the association between phthalate exposure and endometriosis in 166 consecutive women who presented at a university hospital for consultation regarding infertility. The subjects were interviewed and provided a urine specimen prior to a laparoscopic diagnosis of endometriosis. They were then categorized by the severity of endometriosis as controls (stages 0-I) and cases (stages II-IV). Urinary concentrations of the phthalate metabolites monoethyl phthalate, mono-n-butyl phthalate, monobenzyl phthalate, mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate, and mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate were measured in 57 cases and 80 controls using high-performance liquid chromatography isotope-dilution tandem mass spectrometry. Adjusted odds ratios for endometriosis in relation to dichotomized individual phthalate metabolites (standardized for creatinine) were calculated. No significant association between endometriosis and any urinary creatinine-adjusted phthalate monoester was seen. Adjusted odds ratio (95% confidence interval) for higher dichotomized MEHP by endometriosis was 1.57 (0.74-3.30). No monotonic trend was seen in urinary creatinine-adjusted concentration of phthalate metabolites by endometriosis stage (p=0.23-0.90). Our results do not support the hypothesis that higher urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites are associated with the risk of endometriosis in infertile Japanese women.
The plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP), used for producing polyvinyl chloride (PVC), acts as an endocrine disruptor with toxic effects on reproductive and developmental processes. Exposure to DEHP in humans is mainly by environment and food. Thus, our aim was to determine plasma levels in livestock animals using the ewe (Ovis aries) as a model. In a first trial, 150 samples from ewes of different ages (2 to 7 yr) and reproductive status (pregnant and nonpregnant) were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). DEHP was detected in 34.7% of the samples, with a mean level of 0.45+/-0.01mug/mL (range, 0.05 to 2.81mug/mL). The percentage of nonpregnant animals with DEHP traces was higher in animals older than 4 yr (n=66, 37.9%) than in younger animals (n=69, 17.4%; P<0.05), although the mean levels in ewes with residues were similar (0.16+/-0.01 vs. 0.16+/-0.02mug/mL). All the pregnant ewes (n=15) showed presence of DEHP, with higher plasma levels than that in nonpregnant females (1.42+/-0.18 vs. 0.16+/-0.01mug/mL; P<0.0001). For confirming the effect of pregnancy on mobilization of DEHP from body fat, 101 ewes of the same age were sampled in a second trial at a different farm. The percentage of animals with DEHP traces was higher in pregnant ewes (n=32, 71.9%; P<0.005) than in nonpregnant ewes (n=37, 35.1%) or in ewes that recently gave birth (n=32, 21.9%), although mean levels were similar (0.42+/-0.02, 0.33+/-0.02, and 0.34+/-0.05mug/mL, respectively). In conclusion, current results indicate a high incidence of ewes reared in the field showing accumulation of phthalates; percentage of animals with presence of DEHP increases with age, due to an extended period of exposure, but mainly during pregnancy, due to the mobilization of body reserves.
Any insult that affects survival of ovarian antral follicles can cause abnormal estradiol production and fertility problems. Phthalate esters (PEs) are plasticizers used in a wide range of consumer and industrial products. Exposure to these chemicals has been linked to reduced fertility in humans and animal models. Di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) decrease serum estradiol levels and aromatase (Arom) expression, prolong estrous cycles, and cause anovulation in animal and culture models. These observations suggest PEs directly target antral follicles. We therefore tested the hypothesis that DEHP (1-100 microg/ml) and MEHP (0.1-10 microg/ml) directly inhibit antral follicular growth and estradiol production. Antral follicles from adult mice were cultured with DEHP or MEHP, and/or estradiol for 96 h. During culture, follicle size was measured every 24 h as a measurement of follicle growth. After culture, media were collected for measurement of estradiol levels and follicles were subjected to measurement of cylin-D-2 (Ccnd2), cyclin-dependent-kinase-4 (Cdk4), and Arom. We found that DEHP and MEHP inhibited growth of follicles and decreased estradiol production compared to controls at the highest doses. DEHP and MEHP also decreased mRNA expression of Ccnd2, Cdk4, and Arom at the highest dose. Addition of estradiol to the culture medium prevented the follicles from DEHP- and MEHP-induced inhibition of growth, reduction in estradiol levels, and decreased Ccnd2 and Cdk4 expression. Collectively, our results indicate that DEHP and MEHP may directly inhibit antral follicle growth via a mechanism that partially includes reduction in levels of estradiol production and decreased expression of cell cycle regulators.
OBJECTIVE: To determine whether phthalate exposure is associated with precocious puberty in girls. STUDY DESIGN: This was a multicenter cross-sectional study in which 28 girls with central precocious puberty (CPP) and 28 age- and race-matched prepubertal females were enrolled. Nine phthalate metabolites and creatinine were measured in spot urine samples from these 56 children. RESULTS: Levels of 8 of the 9 phthalate metabolites were above the limit of detection (LOD) in all 56 subjects. Mono (2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) was below the LOD in 25/56 samples (14 subjects with precocious puberty and 11 controls). No significant differences between the children with CPP and the controls in either absolute or creatinine-normalized concentrations of any of the 9 phthalate metabolites were measured. CONCLUSIONS: Although phthalates may be associated with certain other toxicities in humans, our study suggests that their exposure is not associated with precocious puberty in female children. 
Foetal exposure to antiandrogens alters androgen-sensitive development in male rodents, resulting in less male-typical behaviour. Foetal phthalate exposure is also associated with male reproductive development in humans, but neurodevelopmental outcomes have seldom been examined in relation to phthalate exposure. To assess play behaviour in relation to phthalate metabolite concentration in prenatal urine samples, we recontacted participants in the Study for Future Families whose phthalate metabolites had been measured in mid-pregnancy urine samples. Mothers completed a questionnaire including the Pre-School Activities Inventory, a validated instrument used to assess sexually dimorphic play behaviour. We examined play behaviour scores (masculine, feminine and composite) in relationship to (log(10)) phthalate metabolite concentrations in mother's urine separately for boys (N = 74) and girls (N = 71). Covariates (child's age, mother's age and education and parental attitude towards atypical play choices) were controlled using multivariate regression models. Concentrations of dibutyl phthalate metabolites, mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP) and mono-isobutyl phthalate (MiBP) and their sum, were associated with a decreased (less masculine) composite score in boys (regression coefficients -4.53,-3.61 and -4.20, p = 0.01, 0.07 and 0.04 for MnBP, MiBP and their sum respectively). Concentrations of two urinary metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP) and mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP) and the sum of these DEHP metabolites plus mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate were associated with a decreased masculine score (regression coefficients -3.29,-2.94 and -3.18, p = 0.02, 0.04 and 0.04) for MEHHP, MEOHP and the sum respectively. No strong associations were seen between behaviour and urinary concentrations of any other phthalate metabolites in boys, or between girls' scores and any metabolites. These data, although based on a small sample, suggest that prenatal exposure to antiandrogenic phthalates may be associated with less male-typical play behaviour in boys. Our findings suggest that these ubiquitous environmental chemicals have the potential to alter androgen-responsive brain development in humans.
OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to assess the relationship between di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) exposure during pregnancy and gestational age at delivery among 311 African American or Dominican women from New York City. METHODS: Forty-eight-hour personal air and/or spot urine samples were collected during the third trimester. DEHP levels were measured in air samples and 4 DEHP metabolite levels were measured in urine. Specific gravity was used to adjust for urinary dilution. Gestational age was abstracted from newborn medical records (n = 289) or calculated from the expected date of delivery (n = 42). Multivariate linear regression models controlled for potential confounders. RESULTS: DEHP was detected in 100% of personal air samples (geometric mean: 0.20 microg/m(3) [95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.18-0.21 microg/m(3)]); natural logarithms of air concentrations were inversely but not significantly associated with gestational age. Two or more of the DEHP metabolites were detected in 100% of urine samples (geometric mean: 4.8-38.9 ng/mL [95% CI: 4.1-44.3 ng/mL]). Controlling for potential confounders, gestational age was shorter by 1.1 days (95% CI: 0.2-1.8 days) for each 1-logarithmic unit increase in specific gravity-adjusted mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate concentrations (P = .01) and averaged 5.0 days (95% CI: 2.1-8.0 days) less among subjects with the highest versus lowest quartile concentrations (P = .001). Results were similar and statistically significant for the other DEHP metabolites. CONCLUSIONS: Prenatal DEHP exposure was associated with shorter gestation but, given inconsistencies with previous findings for other study populations, results should be interpreted with caution, and additional research is warranted. 
OBJECTIVE: Several untoward health effects of phthalates, which are a group of industrial chemicals with many commercial uses including personal-care products and plastic materials, have been defined. The most commonly used, di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (DEHP), is known to have antiandrogenic or estrogenic effects or both. Mono-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (MEHP) is the main metabolite of DEHP. In this study, we aimed to determine the plasma DEHP and MEHP levels in pubertal gynecomastia cases. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study group comprised 40 newly diagnosed pubertal gynecomastia cases who were admitted to Hacettepe University Ihsan Doramaci Children's Hospital. The control group comprised 21 age-matched children without gynecomastia or other endocrinologic disorder. Plasma DEHP and MEHP levels were measured by using high-performance liquid chromatography. Serum hormone levels were determined in some pubertal gynecomastia cases according to the physician's evaluation. RESULTS: Plasma DEHP and MEHP levels were found to be statistically significantly higher in the pubertal gynecomastia group compared with the control group (P < .001) (DEHP, 4.66 +/- 1.58 and 3.09 +/- 0.90 microg/mL, respectively [odds ratio: 2.77 (95% confidence interval: 1.48-5.21)]; MEHP, 3.19 +/- 1.41 and 1.37 +/- 0.36 microg/mL [odds ratio: 24.76 (95% confidence interval: 3.5-172.6)]). There was a statistically significant correlation between plasma DEHP and MEHP levels (r: 0.58; P < .001). In the pubertal gynecomastia group, no correlation could be determined between plasma DEHP and MEHP levels and any of the hormone levels. CONCLUSIONS: DEHP, which has antiandrogenic or estrogenic effects, may be an etiologic factor in pubertal gynecomastia. These results may pioneer larger-scale studies on the etiologic role of DEHP in pubertal gynecomastia. 
Improved analytical methods for measuring urinary phthalate metabolites have resulted in biomarker-based estimates of phthalate daily intake for the general population, but not for occupationally exposed groups. In 2003-2005, we recruited 156 workers from eight industries where materials containing diethyl phthalate (DEP), dibutyl phthalate (DBP), and/or di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) were used as part of the worker's regular job duties. Phthalate metabolite concentrations measured in the workers' end-shift urine samples were used in a simple pharmacokinetic model to estimate phthalate daily intake. DEHP intake estimates based on three DEHP metabolites combined were 0.6-850g/kg/day, with the two highest geometric mean (GM) intakes in polyvinyl chloride (PVC) film manufacturing (17g/kg/day) and PVC compounding (12g/kg/day). All industries, except phthalate manufacturing, had some workers whose DEHP exposure exceeded the U.S. reference dose (RfD) of 20g/kg/day. A few workers also exceeded the DEHP European tolerable daily intake (TDI) of 50g/kg/day. DEP intake estimates were 0.5-170g/kg/day, with the highest GM in phthalate manufacturing (27g/kg/day). DBP intake estimates were 0.1-76g/kg/day, with the highest GMs in rubber gasket and in phthalate manufacturing (17g/kg/day, each). No DEP or DBP intake estimates exceeded their respective RfDs. The DBP TDI (10g/kg/day) was exceeded in three rubber industries and in phthalate manufacturing. These intake estimates are subject to several uncertainties; however, an occupational contribution to phthalate daily intake is clearly indicated in some industries.
BACKGROUND: Rates of preterm birth have been rising over the past several decades. Factors contributing to this trend remain largely unclear, and exposure to environmental contaminants may play a role. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the relationship between phthalate exposure and preterm birth. METHODS: Within a large Mexican birth cohort study, we compared third-trimester urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations in 30 women who delivered preterm (< 37 weeks of gestation) with those of 30 controls (> or = 37 weeks of gestation). RESULTS: Concentrations of most of the metabolites were similar to those reported among U.S. females, although in the present study mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP) concentrations were higher and monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP) concentrations lower. In a crude comparison before correcting for urinary dilution, geometric mean urinary concentrations were higher for the phthalate metabolites MBP, MBzP, mono(3-carboxylpropyl) phthalate, and four metabolites of di(2-ethyl-hexyl) phthalate among women who subsequently delivered preterm. These differences remained, but were somewhat lessened, after correction by specific gravity or creatinine. In multivariate logistic regression analysis adjusted for potential confounders, elevated odds of having phthalate metabolite concentrations above the median level were found. CONCLUSIONS: We found that phthalate exposure is prevalent among this group of pregnant women in Mexico and that some phthalates may be associated with preterm birth. 
In order to comparatively assess the systemic toxicity and sperm parameters, nine phthalate diesters, including di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), di(n-butyl) phthalate (DBP), di-n-octyl phthalate (DnOP), diethyl phthalate (DEP), butylbenzyl phthalate (BBP), dimethyl phthalate (DMP), di-isodecyl phthalate (DIDP), diundecyl phthalate (DUP), and di-isononyl phthalate (DINP), and five phthalate monoesters, including mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), monobutyl phthalate (MBuP), monobenzyl phthalate (MBeP), monoethyl phthalate (MEP), monomethyl phthalate (MMP), and phthalic acid (PA) were administered orally to Sprague-Dawley male rats at 250 (phthalate monoesters and PA) or 500 mg/kg body weight (bw)/d (phthalate diesters) for 4 wk. Liver weights were significantly increased in g roups treated with DEHP, DBP, BBP, DIDP, DINP, MEHP, and MBuP compared to the control. Testes weights were significantly reduced only in DEHP, DBP, and MEHP-treated groups compared to the control. Significant decreases in red blood cell (RBC) and hematocrit (Ht) levels were observed in DEHP-treated rats, whereas significant increases in mean corpuscular hemoglobin (MCH), mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (MCHC), and platelet (PLT) levels were found in the DEHP-treated group. Hemoglobin (Hb) level was reduced only in the DMP group. Similar to effects on testis and epididymal weights, DEHP and MEHP significantly reduced sperm numbers and motility. In particular, DnOP, DBP, BBP, MEP, MBuP, DUP, DINP, and MBeP significantly lowered the sperm counts and sperm motility of epididymal sperm, detected by a change in the sperm motion parameters. The strongest to the weakest adverse effects for sperm motility were as follows: DEHP > DBP > DnOP > DUP > DIDP > BBP among diesters and MBuP > MEP > MEHP among monoesters, respectively. These results suggest that the adverse effects of phthalate esters (PEs) on sperm parameters in male rats are greater with phthalate diesters than monoesters, which may be useful for the risk assessment of phthalates.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates can alter steroidogenesis and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARgamma)mediated transcription in rodent tissues. The placenta offers a rich source of biomarkers to study these relationships in humans. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated whether gestational phthalate exposures in humans were associated with altered human placental steroidogenesis and trophoblast differentiation as measured by markers of mRNA transcription. METHODS: We measured seven target genes in placentas collected from 54 Dominican and African-American women at delivery in New York City using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qPCR), normalized to 18S rRNA. qPCR results for the target genes were log-transformed, converted to Z-scores, and grouped into two functional pathways: steroidogenesis (aromatase, cholesterol side chain cleavage enzyme, 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1, and cytochrome P450 1B1) and trophoblast differentiation (PPARgamma, aryl hydrocarbon receptor, and human chorionic gonadotropin). Repeated measures models were used to evaluate the association of phthalate metabolites measured in third-trimester urine samples with each group of target genes, accounting for correlation among the genes within a pathway. RESULTS: Higher urinary concentrations of five phthalate metabolites were associated with lower expression of the target genes reflecting trophoblast differentiation. Results were less consistent for genes in the steroidogenesis pathway and suggested a nonlinear dose-response pattern for some phthalate metabolites. CONCLUSIONS: We observed a significant association between prenatal exposure to phthalates and placental gene expression within two pathways. Further studies are warranted to understand the significance of this association with respect to fetal development and placental function. 
BACKGROUND: Phthalates are known to have estrogenic effects in cell models and experimental animals. However, the evidence regarding the effects of phthalates on human reproduction is still limited. We conducted a case-control study to determine whether estrogen-dependent diseases are associated with phthalate exposure and how the glutathione S-transferase M1 (GSTM1; a major detoxification enzyme) genotype modulates the risk. METHODS: We recruited subjects who underwent laparotomy and had pathologic confirmation of endometriosis (EN) (n = 28), adenomyosis (AD) (n = 16) and leiomyoma (LEI) (n = 36) from the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology at a medical center in Taiwan between 2005 and 2007. Controls (n = 29) were patients without any of the three aforementioned gynecologic conditions. Urine samples were collected before surgery and analyzed for seven phthalate metabolites using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Peripheral lymphocytes were used for GSTM1 genotype determination. RESULTS: Patients with LEIs had significantly higher levels of total urinary mono-ethylhexyl phthalate (SigmaMEHP; 52.1 versus 18.9 microg/g creatinine, P < 0.05) than the controls, whereas patients with EN had an increased level of urinary mono-n-butyl phthalate (94.1 versus 58.0 microg/g creatinine, P < 0.05). Subjects with GSTM1 null genotype had significantly increased odds for AD relative to those with GSTM1 wild genotype [odds ratio (OR) = 5.30; 95% CI, 1.22-23.1], even after adjustment for age and phthalate exposure. Subjects who carried the GSTM1 null genotype and had a high urinary level of SigmaMEHP showed a significantly increased risk for AD (OR = 10.4; 95% CI, 1.26-85.0) and LEIs (OR = 5.93; 95% CI, 1.10-31.9) after adjustment for age, compared with those with GSTM1 wild-type and low urinary level of SigmaMEHP. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that both GSTM1 null and phthalate exposure are associated with AD and LEI. Larger studies are warranted to investigate potential interaction between GSTM1 null and phthalate exposure in the etiology of estrogen-dependent gynecologic conditions. 
BACKGROUND: Phthalates are ubiquitous chemicals used in consumer products. Some phthalates are reproductive toxicants in experimental animals, but human data are limited. OBJECTIVE: We conducted a cross-sectional study of urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations in relation to self-reported history of endometriosis and uterine leiomyomata among 1,227 women 20-54 years of age from three cycles of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), 1999-2004. METHODS: We examined four phthalate metabolites: mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), monobutyl phthalate (MBP), monoethyl phthalate (MEP), and monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP). From the last two NHANES cycles, we also examined mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP) and mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP). We used logistic regression to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs), adjusting for potential confounders. RESULTS: Eighty-seven (7%) and 151 (12%) women reported diagnoses of endometriosis and leiomyomata, respectively. The ORs comparing the highest versus lowest three quartiles of urinary MBP were 1.36 (95% CI, 0.77-2.41) for endometriosis, 1.56 (95% CI, 0.93-2.61) for leiomyomata, and 1.71 (95% CI, 1.07-2.75) for both conditions combined. The corresponding ORs for MEHP were 0.44 (95% CI, 0.19-1.02) for endometriosis, 0.63 (95% CI, 0.35-1.12) for leiomyomata, and 0.59 (95% CI, 0.37-0.95) for both conditions combined. Findings for MEHHP and MEOHP agreed with findings for MEHP with respect to endometriosis only. We observed null associations for MEP and MBzP. Associations were similar when we excluded women diagnosed > 7 years before their NHANES evaluation. CONCLUSION: The positive associations for MBP and inverse associations for MEHP in relation to endometriosis and leiomyomata warrant investigation in prospective studies. 
BACKGROUND: Concern over phthalates has emerged because of their potential toxicity to humans. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the relationship between the urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites and children's intellectual functioning. METHODS: This study enrolled 667 children at nine elementary schools in five South Korean cities. A cross-sectional examination of urine phthalate concentrations was performed, and scores on neuropsychological tests were obtained from both the children and their mothers. RESULTS: We measured mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP) and mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate (MEOHP), both metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP), and mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP), a metabolite of dibutyl phthalate (DBP), in urine samples. The geometric mean (ln) concentrations of MEHP, MEOHP, and MBP were 21.3 microg/L [geometric SD (GSD) = 2.2 microg/L; range, 0.5-445.4], 18.0 microg/L (GSD = 2.4; range, 0.07-291.1), and 48.9 microg/L (GSD = 2.2; range, 2.1-1645.5), respectively. After adjusting for demographic and developmental covariates, the Full Scale IQ and Verbal IQ scores were negatively associated with DEHP metabolites but not with DBP metabolites. We also found a significant negative relationship between the urine concentrations of the metabolites of DEHP and DBP and children's vocabulary subscores. After controlling for maternal IQ, a significant inverse relationship between DEHP metabolites and vocabulary subscale score remained. Among boys, we found a negative association between increasing MEHP phthalate concentrations and the sum of DEHP metabolite concentrations and Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children vocabulary score; however, among girls, we found no significant association between these variables. CONCLUSION: Controlling for maternal IQ and other covariates, the results show an inverse relationship between phthalate metabolites and IQ scores; however, given the limitations in cross-sectional epidemiology, prospective studies are needed to fully explore these associations. 
The effects of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) on proteins secreted by HepG2 cells were studied using a proteomic approach. HepG2 cells were exposed to various concentrations of DEHP (0, 2.5, 5, 10, 25, 50, 100, and 250 microM) for 24 or 48 h. 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyl tetrazolium bromide (MTT) and comet assays were then conducted to determine the cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of DEHP, respectively. The MTT assay showed that 10 microM DEHP was the maximum concentration that did not cause cell death. In addition, the DNA damage in HepG2 cells exposed to DEHP was found to increase in a dose- and time-dependent fashion. Proteomic analysis using two different pI ranges (4-7 and 6-9) and large size 2-DE revealed the presence of 2776 protein spots. A total of 35 (19 up- and 16 down-regulated) proteins were identified as biomarkers of DEHP by ESI-MS/MS. Several differentiated protein groups were also found. Proteins involved in apoptosis, transportation, signaling, energy metabolism, and cell structure and motility were found to be up- or down-regulated. Among these, the identities of cystatin C, Rho GDP inhibitor, retinol binding protein 4, gelsolin, DEK protein, Raf kinase inhibitory protein, triose phosphate isomerase, cofilin-1, and haptoglobin-related protein were confirmed by Western blot assay. Therefore, these proteins could be used as potential biomarkers of DEHP and human disease associated with DEHP.
Diet is purported to be means of exposure to many environmental contaminants. The purpose of this study is to understand the influence of dietary change on the levels of exposure to several environmental chemicals - in particular, antibiotics and phthalates. For this purpose, we examined the extent to which short-term changes in diet influenced the inadvertent exposure levels to these chemicals in an adult population. We recruited participants (n=25) of a five-day 'Temple Stay' program in Korea and collected urine samples before and after the program. We also conducted a questionnaire survey on participants' dietary patterns prior to their participation. During the program, participants followed the daily routines of Buddhist monks and maintained a vegetarian diet. Urinary levels of three antibiotics and their major metabolites, metabolites of four major phthalates, and malondialdehyde (MDA) as an oxidative stress biomarker were analyzed. The frequency and levels of detection for antibiotics and phthalates noticeably decreased during the program. Urinary MDA levels were significantly lower than before program participation (0.16 versus 0.27mg/g creatinine). Although the exposure to target compounds might be influenced by other behavioral patterns, these results suggest that even short-term changes in dietary behavior may significantly decrease inadvertent exposure to antibiotics and phthalates and hence may reduce oxidative stress levels.
BACKGROUND: Hormonally active environmental agents may alter the course of pubertal development in girls, which is controlled by steroids and gonadotropins. OBJECTIVES: We investigated associations of concurrent exposures from three chemical classes (phenols, phthalates, and phytoestrogens) with pubertal stages in a multiethnic longitudinal study of 1,151 girls from New York City, New York, greater Cincinnati, Ohio, and northern California who were 6-8 years of age at enrollment (2004-2007). METHODS: We measured urinary exposure biomarkers at visit 1 and examined associations with breast and pubic hair development (present or absent, assessed 1 year later) using multivariate adjusted prevalence ratios (PR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Modification of biomarker associations by age-specific body mass index percentile (BMI%) was investigated, because adipose tissue is a source of peripubertal hormones. RESULTS: Breast development was present in 30% of girls, and 22% had pubic hair. High-molecular-weight phthalate (high MWP) metabolites were weakly associated with pubic hair development [adjusted PR, 0.94 (95% CI, 0.88-1.00), fifth vs. first quintile]. Small inverse associations were seen for daidzein with breast stage and for triclosan and high MWP with pubic hair stage; a positive trend was observed for low-molecular-weight phthalate biomarkers with breast and pubic hair development. Enterolactone attenuated BMI associations with breast development. In the first enterolactone quintile, for the association of high BMI with any development, the PR was 1.34 (95% CI, 1.23-1.45 vs. low BMI). There was no BMI association in the fifth, highest quintile of enterolactone. CONCLUSIONS: Weak hormonally active xenobiotic agents investigated in this study had small associations with pubertal development, mainly among those agents detected at highest concentrations. 
A gas chromatography-mass spectrometry assay was developed and validated for the simultaneous determination of phthalates and adipates in human serum. The phthalates and adipates studied were dimethyl phthalate, diethyl phthalate, dibutyl phthalate, benzylbutyl phthalate, di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate, di-n-octyl phthalate, diethyl adipate, dibutyl adipate, diisobutyl adipate, bis(2-butoxyethyl) adipate and di-2-ethylhexyl adipate, with diisooctyl phthalate as internal standard. The extraction and cleaning up procedure was carried out with solid-phase extraction cartridges containing dimethyl butylamine groups, which showed extraction efficiencies over 88% for each analyte and the internal standard. The calibration curves obtained were linear with correlation coefficients greater than 0.98. For all analytes, the assay gave CV% values for intra-day precision from 4.9 to 13.3% and mean accuracy values from 91.4 to 108.4%, while inter-day precision was 5.2-13.4% and mean accuracy 91.0-110.2%. The limits of detection for the assay of phthalates and adipates were in the range 0.7-4.5ng/mL. The method is simple, sensitive and accurate, and allows for simultaneous determination of nanogram levels of phthalates and adipates in human serum. It was successfully applied to an investigation on the level of phthalates and adipates in a non-occupationally exposed population.
Diethyl phthalate (DEP) and di-n-butyl phthalate (DnBP) are used extensively in personal care products, including fragrances (DEP) and nail polish (DnBP). Between May 2003 and July 2006, we gathered questionnaire data on the use of seven product categories (deodorant, perfume, hair spray, hair gel, nail polish/polish remover, liquid soap/body wash, and lotion/mist) over 48h during the third trimester of pregnancy from 186 inner-city women. A 48-h personal air sample was collected and analyzed for DEP and DnBP; a maternal spot urine sample was collected and analyzed for their monoester metabolites, monoethyl phthalate (MEP) and mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP), respectively. In all, 97% of air samples and 84% of urine samples were collected within 2 days of the questionnaire. During the 48h, 41% of women reported perfume use and 10% reported nail polish/polish remover use. In adjusted analyses, no association was seen between nail product use and air DnBP or urine MnBP concentrations. Women reporting perfume use had 2.3 times higher (95% CI 1.6, 3.3) urinary MEP concentrations. Personal air DEP increased by 7% for each 25% increase in a composite indicator of the six other product categories (P<0.05), but was not associated with perfume use. Air DEP was correlated with urine MEP concentrations only among non-perfume users (r=0.51, P<0.001). Results suggest that perfume use is a significant source of DEP exposure.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates, ubiquitous environmental pollutants that may disturb the endocrine system, are used primarily as plasticizers of polyvinyl chloride and as additives in consumer and personal care products. OBJECTIVES: In this study, we examined the association between urinary concentrations of nine phthalate metabolites and breast cancer (BC) in Mexican women. METHODS: We age-matched 233 BC cases to 221 women residing in northern Mexico. Sociodemographic and reproductive characteristics were obtained by direct interviews. Phthalates were determined in urine samples (collected pretreatment from the cases) by isotope dilution/high-performance liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Phthalate metabolites were detected in at least 82% of women. The geometric mean concentrations of monoethyl phthalate (MEP) were higher in cases than in controls (169.58 vs. 106.78 microg/g creatinine). Controls showed significantly higher concentrations of mono-n-butyl phthalate, mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate, and mono(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate (MCPP) than did the cases. After adjusting for risk factors and other phthalates, MEP urinary concentrations were positively associated with BC [odds ratio (OR), highest vs. lowest tertile = 2.20; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.33-3.63; p for trend < 0.01]. This association became stronger when estimated for premenopausal women (OR, highest vs. lowest tertile = 4.13; 95% CI, 1.60-10.70; p for trend < 0.01). In contrast, we observed significant negative associations for monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP) and MCPP. CONCLUSIONS: We show for the first time that exposure to diethyl phthalate, the parent compound of MEP, may be associated with increased risk of BC, whereas exposure to the parent phthalates of MBzP and MCPP might be negatively associated. These findings require confirmation. 
We have developed a gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) method to determine five phthalate monoesters (monoethyl phthalate (MEP), mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP), mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), monoisononyl phthalate (MINP) and monobenzyl phthalate (MBz)) in human urine. Human urine samples were subjected to enzymatic deconjugation of the glucuronides followed by extraction with hexane. The extracted phthalate monoesters were methylated with diazomethane, purified on a Florisil column and then subjected to GC-MS analysis. The recoveries from urine spiked with five phthalate monoesters were 86.3%-119% with coefficients of variation of 0.6%-6.1%. We measured phthalate monoester levels in human urine by analyzing 36 samples from volunteers. MBP and MEP were detected in all samples, and their median concentrations were 60.0 and 10.7 ng/mL, respectively. MBzP and MEHP were found in 75% and 56% of samples, and their median concentrations were 10.9 and 5.75 ng/mL, respectively. MINPs were not detected in most samples (6% detectable). Women had significantly (p < 0.05) higher mean concentrations of MBP and MEP than men. The estimated daily exposure levels for the four parent phthalates excluding diisononyl phthalate ranged from 0.27 to 5.69 mug/kg/day (median).
Phthalate esters (PE's) are plasticizers used to soften PVC-based medical devices. PE's are the most abundant man-made pollutants and increase the risk of developing an allergic respiratory disease or a malignancy. The leaching of PE's in donated packed red blood cells (PRBC) during storage was assessed. PRBC transfusion bags containing CPD/AS-1 (ADSOL) buffer were analyzed. Samples were collected on storage day 1 and day 42. Two PE's, di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), were measured by liquid chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry (LCMS). Interleukin-8 (IL-8) was measured by standard ELISA techniques. DEHP significantly increased from 34.3 microM (+/-20.0 SD) on day 1 to 433.2 microM (+/-131.2 SD) on day 42, a 12.6-fold increase. Similarly, MEHP significantly increased from 3.7 microM (+/-2.8 SD) on day 1 to 74.0 microM (+/-19.1 SD) on day 42, a 20.2-fold increase. Also, DEHP and MEHP increased the release of IL-8 from human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC). The transfusion of older units of PRBC could lead to an accumulation of PE's possibly resulting in inflammation and other effects. This accumulation could be exacerbated due to the decreased metabolism of PE's since trauma patients have a lower esterase activity, the enzymes responsible for metabolizing PE's. The effect of oxidative stress caused by PE's is discussed as a potential mechanism for increases in inflammation caused by older units of PRBC.
This study investigated the effect of the pre- and perinatal exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) on the neuroendocrine parameters that regulate reproduction in peripubertal male rats. DEHP at dose of 3 and 30mg/kg bw/day was administered orally to female rat since pregnancy onset until weaning. The male litters were sacrificed at 30 days of age to determine gonadotropin serum level and the hypothalamic contents of the amino acids aspartate and gamma-aminobutyric acid. No changes in gonadotropin, aspartate and gamma-aminobutyric acid levels were detected at the low dose. DEHP 30mg/kg bw/day reduced testis weight and serum FSH, in correlation with a significant increase in the inhibitory GABAergic tone and a reduction in the stimulatory effect of aspartate on gonadotropin level. This study provides unknown data regarding changes in the hypothalamic contents of the amino acid neurotransmitters, which are involved in the neuroendocrine regulation of reproductive axis, in peripubertal male rat offspring from dams exposed to DEHP during gestational and lactational periods. This could be related with the gonadotropin modifications also here described.
Metabolite profiles (metabolomics) of plasma samples of Wistar rats dosed with di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP - 3000ppm) and dibutylphthalate (DBP - 150, 1000 and 7000ppm) were individually determined in 28 days dietary studies. In addition, profiles of combined exposure to 3000ppm DEHP and either 150, 1000 or 7000ppm DBP were determined. High dose levels induced more profound metabolite changes in males than in females for both compounds. At 150ppm DBP (NOEL for toxicity) there were very few (<false positives rate), inconsistent changes, demonstrating a metabolomic NOEL. A part of the total metabolite profile was consistent with a pattern of changes indicative of peroxisome proliferation, confirmed by increased cyanide-insensitive Palmitoyl-CoA oxidation. Simultaneous administration of 3000ppm DEHP and 150ppm DBP did not result in relevant changes when compared to the metabolite profile of 3000ppm DEHP alone. Co-administration of 1000ppm DBP induced marginal additional changes relative to the profile of 3000ppm DEHP alone. Simultaneous exposure to high dose levels of DEHP and DBP resulted in a profile that was significantly different compared to the individual compounds. A quantitative statistical analysis of the data revealed that the effect of combined treatment on the metabolites was less than additive.
The purpose of this study was to investigate the relationship between the levels of prenatal exposure to phthalate ester and PAHs and birth outcomes among 149 Japanese pregnant women. Urinary concentrations of 9 phthalate ester metabolites, mono methyl phthalate (MMP), mono ethyl phthalate (MEP), mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP), mono benzyl phthalate (MBzP), mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP), mono-2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl phthalate (MEHHP), mono-2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl phthalate (MEOHP), mono-iso-nonyl phthalate (MINP) and mono-n-octyl phthalate (MnOP) and PAHs metabolite (1-hydroxypyrene, 1-OHP) were analyzed in spot urine samples collected from pregnant women. Correlation analysis and multiple regression analysis were conducted between the concentrations of maternal urinary metabolites and birth outcomes such as birth weight, birth length, head circumference and gestational age. Creatinine-corrected concentration (geometric mean; microg/g cre) was 9.14 (MMP), 9.76 (MEP), 51.6 (MnBP), 5.62 (MBzP), 5.45 (MEHP), 10.6 (MEHHP), 11.3 (MEOHP), 0.031 (MINP), 0.025 (MnOP) and 0.121 (1-OHP). These concentrations are comparable with literature value. The relationships between prenatal exposure to phthalate esters and birth outcomes were not significant. Statistically significant negative correlation was observed between 1-OHP and birth weight, birth length and head circumstances although the correlation was insignificant when only non-smokers were included in multiple regression analysis. In conclusion, we found that prenatal exposure to phthalate esters or PAHs did not affect birth outcomes at the exposure level of the present subjects.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates are widely used chemicals, and human exposure is extensive. Recent studies have indicated that phthalates may have thyroid-disrupting properties. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to assess concentrations of phthalate metabolites in urine samples from Danish children and to investigate the associations with thyroid function, insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), and growth. METHODS: In 845 children 4-9 years of age, we determined urinary concentrations of 12 phthalate metabolites and serum levels of thyroid-stimulating hormone, thyroid hormones, and IGF-I. RESULTS: Phthalate metabolites were detected in all urine samples, of which monobutyl phthalate was present in highest concentration. Phthalate metabolites were negatively associated with serum levels of free and total triiodothyronine, although statistically significant primarily in girls. Metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and diisononyl phthalate were negatively associated with IGF-I in boys. Most phthalate metabolites were negatively associated with height, weight, body surface, and height gain in both sexes. CONCLUSIONS: Our study showed negative associations between urinary phthalate concentrations and thyroid hormones, IGF-I, and growth in children. Although our study was not designed to reveal the mechanism of action, the overall coherent negative associations between urine phthalate and thyroid and growth parameters may suggest causative negative roles of phthalate exposures for child health. 
Widely used man-made chemicals, including phthalates, can induce hormonal alterations through a variety of cellular and molecular mechanisms. A number of rodent and observational studies have consistently demonstrated the anti-androgenic effect of several phthalates. However, there are only limited data on the relationship between exposure to these chemicals and reproductive hormone levels in men. All men (n=425) were partners of pregnant women who participated in the Study for Future Families in five US cities and provided urine and serum samples on the same day. Eleven phthalate metabolites were measured in urine and serum samples were analysed for reproductive hormones, including follicle-stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, testosterone, inhibin B and oestradiol and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG). Pearson correlations and parametric tests were used for unadjusted analyses, and multiple linear regression analysis was performed controlling for appropriate covariates. We observed weak or no associations with urinary phthalates other than di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP). All measures of testosterone [total, calculated free testosterone and the free androgen index (FAI)] were inversely correlated with the urinary concentrations of four DEHP metabolites. After adjustment by appropriate covariates, there was no longer an association between urinary DEHP metabolite concentrations and total testosterone levels; however, FAI was significantly associated with the urinary concentrations of several DEHP metabolites. SHBG was positively related to the urinary concentrations of mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, but not with other DEHP metabolites, an association that was attenuated after adjustment. Our results suggest that DEHP exposure of fertile men is associated with minor alterations of markers of free testosterone.
Phthalates are known reproductive and developmental toxicants in experimental animals. However, in humans, there are few data on the exposure of pregnant women that can be used to assess the potential developmental exposure experienced by the fetus. We measured several phthalate metabolites in maternal urine, maternal serum, and cord serum samples collected at the time of delivery from 150 pregnant women from central New Jersey. The urinary concentrations of most metabolites were comparable to or less than among the U.S. general population, except for mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP), and mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP), three metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP). The median urinary concentrations of MEHHP (109 mug/l) and MEOHP (95.1 mug/l) were more than 5 times their population-based concentrations, whereas the median urinary concentration of MEHP was more than 20 times higher. High concentration of MEHP may indicate a recent exposure to the parent chemical DEHP in the hospital shortly before the collection of the samples. Calculation of daily intakes using the urinary biomarker data reveals that none of the pregnant women tested had integrated exposures to DEHP greater than the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry's minimal risk levels (MRLs chronic 60, intermediate 100 mug/kg/day). No abnormal birth outcomes (e .g., birth weight, Apgar Score, and gestational age) were noted in those newborns whose mothers had relatively greater exposure to DEHP during the perinatal period than others in this study. Significantly greater concentrations and detection frequencies in maternal urine than in maternal serum and cord serum suggest that the urinary concentrations of the phthalate metabolites may be more reliable biomarkers of exposure than their concentrations in other biological specimens.
Phthalates are a group of phthalic acid esters which are used as plasticizers and additives. In laboratory animals, several phthalates are known endocrine disruptors. Several studies have described phthalate exposure in the United States and developed countries but little is known about phthalate exposure in the developing world, particularly during pregnancy. To assess exposure to six different phthalates, we measured the concentrations of nine phthalate metabolites in spot urine samples collected during the first, second, and third trimester of pregnancy from a group of 72 women living in Trujillo, Peru. Additionally, women completed questionnaires to provide demographic characteristics. Statistical analysis via linear models was used to evaluate potential differences in the concentrations of phthalate metabolites by trimester, cooking fuel type, socioeconomic status, and education. All metabolites were detected in>40% of samples analyzed, and mono-n-butyl phthalate, mono (2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate, and monoethyl phthalate were found in>90% of samples. Five of nine unadjusted urinary metabolites and four of nine creatinine-adjusted urinary metabolites were significantly lower in this group of pregnant women living in Peru compared to pregnant women in the US general population.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates are metabolized and eliminated in urine within hours after exposure. Several reports suggest that concentrations of phthalate metabolites in a spot urine sample can provide a reliable estimation of exposure to phthalates for up to several months. OBJECTIVES: We examined inter- and intraperson and inter- and intraday variability in the concentrations of monoethyl phthalate (MEP), the major metabolite of diethyl phthalate, commonly used in personal care products, and mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP), a metabolite of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), a polyvinyl chloride plasticizer of which diet is the principal exposure source, among eight adults who collected all urine voids (average, 7.6 samples/person/day) for 1 week. METHODS: We analyzed the urine samples using online solid-phase extraction coupled to isotope dilution-high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Regardless of the type of void (spot, first morning, 24-hr collection), for MEP, interperson variability in concentrations accounted for > 75% of the total variance. By contrast, for MEHHP, within-person variability was the main contributor (69-83%) of the total variance. Furthermore, we observed considerable intraday variability in the concentrations of spot samples for MEHHP (51%) and MEP (21%). CONCLUSIONS: MEP and MEHHP urinary concentrations varied considerably during 1 week, but the main contributors to the total variance differed (interday variability, MEHHP; interperson variability, MEP) regardless of the sampling strategy (spot, first morning, 24-hr collection). The nature of the exposure (diet vs. other lifestyle factors) and timing of urine sampling to evaluate exposure to phthalates should be considered. For DEHP and phthalates to which people are mostly exposed through diet, collecting 24-hr voids for only 1 day may not be advantageous compared with multiple spot collections. When collecting multiple spot urine samples, changing the time of collection may provide the most complete approach to assess exposure to diverse phthalates. 
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess, by biological monitoring, workers' exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) in the flexible-PVC industry in France to provide additional occupational exposure data, which are particularly scarce. METHOD: Over 5 days of pre-and post-shift sampling, three urinary metabolites of DEHP, mono (2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), mono (5-carboxy-2-ethylpentyl) phthalate (5cx-MEPP) and 2-ethylhexanoic acid (2-EHA) were quantified in 62 workers and 29 controls from six factories. Analyses were performed by high-performance liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS/MS) after on-line extraction. RESULTS: Median concentrations of the pre- and post-shift urinary samples in the exposed workers were 12.6 and 28.7 g/l for MEHP, 38.6 and 84.4 g/l for 5cx-MEPP and 20.4 and 70.6 g/l for 2-EHA, respectively. In the controls, the corresponding values were 4.8 and 4.7 g/l for MEHP, 15.1 and 12.4 g/l for 5cx-MEPP and 21.8 and 20.5 g/l for 2-EHA, respectively. There was a significant increase (Mann-Whitney U-test, P < 0.05) of post-shift excretion in the exposed workers versus the unexposed controls and in the post-shift versus pre-shift concentrations only in the exposed workers. Values of 250 and 500 g/l (100 and 280 /g creatinine) for MEHP and 5cx-MEPP, respectively, are proposed as guidance values. CONCLUSION: There is clear evidence of occupational exposure of workers in these factories. The guideline values proposed should prevent high exposures in the soft PVC industry, particularly in factories where DEHP compounds or plastisols are employed. An epidemiological survey is needed to complete the DEHP risk assessment. 
Phthalates are suspected of endocrine disrupting effects. We aimed to develop an analytical method for simultaneous determination of several phthalate metabolites in human urine, serum, and seminal plasma and to study correlations between levels of metabolites in these matrices. Thirteen metabolites were determined in samples from 60 young Danish men. Metabolites of common di-ester phthalates were detected in most urine samples. Summed di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) metabolites were excreted in urine in the highest amount (median = 91.1 ng/mL), followed by monoethyl phthalate (MEP), mono-iso-butyl phthalate (MiBP), mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP), mono-benzyl phthalate (MBzP), and finally summed di-isononyl phthalate (DiNP) metabolites. All these metabolite levels correlated significantly, indicating that when a participant was highly exposed to one phthalate he was also highly exposed to other phthalates. Several metabolites were also detectable in serum and in seminal plasma, although in much lower levels. Significant correlations between MEP and MiBP levels in serum and urine were observed, showing that serum levels could be used as biomarkers of human exposure. For DEHP and DiNP metabolites, correlations between urine and serum levels were only observed for mono(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate (MECPP) and mono-(4-methyl-7-carboxyheptyl) phthalate (MCiOP), indicating that these secondary carboxylated metabolites were better serum markers than primary metabolites [mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) and mono-iso-nonyl phthalate (MiNP)]. In seminal plasma, only MEP levels correlated significantly to levels in urine and in serum.
BACKGROUND: High-molecular-weight phthalates, such as diisononyl phthalate (DINP) and diisodecyl phthalate (DIDP), are used primarily as polyvinyl chloride plasticizers. OBJECTIVES: We assessed exposure to DINP and DIDP in a representative sample of persons  6 years of age in the U.S. general population from the 2005-2006 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). METHODS: We analyzed 2,548 urine samples by using online solid-phase extraction coupled to isotope dilution high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: We detected monocarboxyisooctyl phthalate (MCOP), a metabolite of DINP, and monocarboxyisononyl phthalate (MCNP), a metabolite of DIDP, in 95.2% and 89.9% of the samples, respectively. We detected monoisononyl phthalate (MNP), a minor metabolite of DINP, much less frequently (12.9%) and at concentration ranges (> 0.8 g/L-148.1 g/L) much lower than MCOP (> 0.7 g/L- 4,961 g/L). Adjusted geometric mean concentrations of MCOP and MCNP were significantly higher (p < 0.01) among children than among adolescents and adults. CONCLUSIONS: The general U.S. population, including children, was exposed to DINP and DIDP. In previous NHANES cycles, the occurrence of human exposure to DINP by using MNP as the sole urinary biomarker has been underestimated, thus illustrating the importance of selecting the most adequate biomarkers for exposure assessment. 
The aim of the present study was to determine the ovotoxicity of female Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats exposed to benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) and di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), either alone or in combination; the molecular mechanism and the combined effects were also evaluated. Female rats were given intragastric administration of control (corn oil), B[a]P (5 and 10mg/kg), DEHP (300 and 600 mg/kg) and B[a]P+DEHP (at 5mg/kg and 300 mg/kg respectively, or at 10mg/kg and 600 mg/kg respectively) on alternate days for 60 days. Relative ovary weight, estrous cycle, 17-estradiol blood level, ovarian follicle populations, granulosa cell apoptosis, and gene and protein expression of P450Arom and PPAR were investigated. Our study demonstrated that the combination of B[a]P and DEHP exerts ovotoxicity in female rats and suppression of sex hormone secretion and homeostasis, which is associated with prolonged estrous cycles, decreases in ovarian follicle populations and granulosa cell apoptosis involving a PPAR-mediated signaling pathway of action of the two chemicals. In addition, based on qualitative assessment of the combined toxicity, no interaction effects were observed following combined B[a]P and DEHP administration.
Di-n-pentyl phthalate (DPP) is used mainly as a plasticizer in nitrocellulose. At high doses, DPP acts as a potent testicular toxicant in rats. We administered a single oral dose of 500 mg kg(-1)bw of DPP to adult female Sprague-Dawley rats (N=9) and collected 24-h urine samples 1d before and 24- and 48-h after DPP was administered to tentatively identify DPP metabolites that could be used as exposure biomarkers. At necropsy, 48 h after dosing, we also collected serum. The metabolites were extracted from urine or serum, resolved with high performance liquid chromatography, and detected by mass spectrometry. Two DPP metabolites, phthalic acid (PA) and mono(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate (MCPP), were identified by using authentic standards, whereas mono-n-pentyl phthalate (MPP), mono(4-oxopentyl) phthalate (MOPP), mono(4-hydroxypentyl) phthalate (MHPP), mono(4-carboxybutyl) phthalate (MCBP), mono(2-carboxyethyl) phthalate (MCEP), and mono-n-pentenyl phthalate (MPeP) were identified based on their full scan mass spectrometric fragmentation pattern. The -1 oxidation product, MHPP, was the predominant urinary metabolite of DPP. The median urinary concentrations (g mL(-1)) of the metabolites in the first 24h urine collection after DPP administration were 993 (MHPP), 168 (MCBP), 0.2 (MCEP), 222 (MPP), 47 (MOPP), 26 (PA), 16 (MPeP), and 9 (MCPP); the concentrations of metabolites in the second 24 h urine collection after DPP administration were significantly lower than in the first collection. We identified some urinary metabolic products in the serum, but at much lower levels than in urine. Because of the similarities in metabolism of phthalates between rats and humans, based on our results and the fact that MHPP can only be formed from the metabolism of DPP, MHPP would be the most adequate DPP exposure biomarker for human exposure assessment. Nonetheless, based on the urinary levels of MHPP, our preliminary data suggest that human exposure to DPP in the United States is rather limited.
In order to assess potential risks of exposure to environmental chemicals, more information on concomitant exposure to different chemicals is needed. We present data on chemicals in human milk of a cohort study (2004, 2005, 2006) of 54 mother/child pairs, where for the first time, cosmetic UV filters, synthetic musks, parabens and phthalate metabolites were analyzed in the same sample along with persistent organochlor pollutants (POPs), i.e., organochlor pesticides and metabolites, polybrominated diphenylethers and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). The two groups of chemicals exhibited different exposure patterns. Six out of seven PCB congeners and a majority of pesticides were present in all milk samples, with significant correlations between certain PCB congener and pesticide levels, whereas the cosmetic-derived compounds, UV filters, parabens and synthetic musks, exhibited a more variable exposure pattern with inter-individual differences. UV filters were present in 85.2% of milk samples, in the range of PCB levels. Comparison with a questionnaire revealed a significant correlation between use of products containing UV filters and their presence in milk for two frequently used and detected UV filters, 4-methylbenzylidene camphor and octocrylene, and for the whole group of UV filters. Concentrations of PCBs and organochlor pesticides were within ranges seen in Western and Southern European countries. For several POPs, mean and/or maximum daily intake calculated from individual concentrations was above recent US EPA reference dose values. Our data emphasize the need for analyses of complex mixtures to obtain more information on inter-individual and temporal variability of human exposure to different types of chemicals.
Phthalate exposure was found to be associated with endocrine disruption, respiratory effects, reproductive and developmental toxicity. The intensive use of plastics may be increasing the exposure to phthalates in Taiwanese population, particularly for young children. We studied phthalate metabolites in pregnant women and their newborns in a prospective cohort from a medical center in Central Taiwan. One hundred maternal urine samples and 30 paired cord blood and milk samples were randomly selected from all of participants (430 pregnant women). Eleven phthalate metabolites (MEHP, 5OH-MEHP, 2cx-MEHP, 5cx-MEPP, 5oxo-MEHP, MiBP, MnBP, MBzP, OH-MiNP, oxo-MiNP, and cx-MiNP) representing the exposure to five commonly used phthalates (DEHP, di-isobutyl phthalate (DiBP), DnBP, BBP, DiNP) were measured in urine of pregnant women, cord serum and breast milk after delivery, and in urine of their children. Exposure was estimated with excretion factors and correlation among metabolites of the same parent compound. Thirty and 59 urinary samples from 2 and 5 years-old children were randomly selected from 185 children successfully followed. Total urinary phthalate metabolite concentration (geometric mean, g L) was found to be higher in 2-years-olds (398.6) and 5-years-olds (333.7) than pregnant women (205.2). Metabolites in urine are mainly from DEHP. The proportion of DiNP metabolites was higher in children urine (4.39 and 8.31%, ages 2 and 5) than in adults (0.83%) (p<0.01). Compared to urinary levels, phthalate metabolite levels are low in cord blood (37.45) and milk (14.90). DEHP metabolite levels in women's urine and their corresponding cord blood are significantly correlated. Compared to other populations in the world, DEHP derived metabolites in maternal urine were higher, while phthalate metabolite levels in milk and cord blood were similar. The level of phthalate metabolites in milk and cord blood were comparable to those found in other populations. Further studies of health effects related to DEHP and DiNP exposure are necessary for the children.
Methods of blood doping such as autologous and homologous blood transfusion are one of the main challenging doping practices in competitive sport. Whereas homologous blood transfusion is detectable via minor blood antigens, the detection of autologous blood transfusion is still not feasible. A promising approach to indicate homologous or autologous blood transfusion is the quantification of increased urinary levels of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) metabolites found after blood transfusion. The commonly used plasticizer for flexible PVC products, such as blood bags, is DEHP which is known to diffuse into the stored blood. Therefore, a straight forward, rapid and reliable assay is presented for the quantification of the main metabolites mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate, mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate and mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate that can easily be implemented into existing multi-target methods used for sports drug testing. Quantification of the DEHP metabolites was accomplished after enzymatic hydrolysis of urinary glucuronide conjugates and direct injection using isotope-dilution liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry. The method was fully validated for quantitative purposes considering the parameters specificity, linearity (1-250 ng/mL), inter- (2.4%-4.3%) and intra-day precision (0.7%-6.1%), accuracy (85%-105%), limit of detection (0.2-0.3 ng/mL), limit of quantification (1 ng/mL), stability and ion suppression effects. Urinary DEHP metabolites were measured in a control group without special exposure to DEHP (n=100), in hospitalized patients receiving blood transfusion (n=10), and in athletes (n=468) being subject of routine doping controls. The investigation demonstrates that significantly increased levels of secondary DEHP metabolites were found in urine samples of transfused patients, strongly indicating blood transfusion.
It has been speculated that maternal phthalate exposure may affect reproductive development in human newborns. However, the mechanism awaits further investigation. The aim is to evaluate the association between maternal phthalate exposure and cord sex steroid hormones in pregnant women and their newborns from the general population. A total of 155 maternal and infant pair were recruited and analyzed. Levels of urinary phthalate metabolites and sex steroid hormones were determined using liquid chromatography/electrospray tandem mass spectrometry (LC-ESI-MS/MS) and radioimmunoassay (RIA), respectively. No significant correlation was found between each steroid hormones and phthalate metabolites for male newborns, except MMP was marginally significantly correlated with E(2). After adjusting for maternal age, estradiol (E(2)) levels in cord serum from male newborns were not correlated with maternal urinary phthalate metabolites. In female newborns, the maternal urinary levels of mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) and mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (5OH-MEHP) were negatively correlated with the free testosterone (fT) and fT/E(2) levels in cord serum with Pearson correlation coefficients ranging between -0.24 and -0.29 (p<0.05). Additionally, after gestational age was adjusted, the maternal urinary level of DEHP was negatively correlated with the free testosterone (fT) and fT/E(2) levels in cord serum. We suggest that maternal exposure to phthalates may affect sex steroid hormones status in fetal and newborn stage.
BACKGROUND: Di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is a common plasticizer used in industrial and diverse consumer products. Animal studies indicate DEHP caused developmental, reproductive, and hepatic toxicities. However, human studies of the potential effects of DEHP are limited. METHODS: The exposed site with a history of over 20years of waste plastic recycling was located in Hunan Province, China. The reference site without known DEHP pollution source was about 50km far away from the exposed site. In this study, 181 workers working in plastic waste recycling and 160 gender-age matched farmers were recruited. DEHP concentrations in water and cultivated soil samples, serum thyroid-stimulating hormone, malondialdehyde (MDA), superoxide dismutase (SOD), urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG), and micronuclei frequency in human capillary blood lymphocytes were analyzed. RESULTS: Mean levels of DEHP were greater in environment at the recycling site than at reference site (industry wastewater for the exposed: 42.43g/l; well water: 14.20 vs. 0.79g/l, pond water: 135.68 vs. 0.37g/l, cultivated soil: 13.07 vs. 0.81mg/kg, p<0.05 for all). The workers had higher median levels of MDA (3.80 vs. 3.14nmol/ml) and urinary 8-OHdG (340.37 vs. 268.18mol/mol creatinine) and decreased SOD activities (112.15 vs. 123.82U/ml) than the reference group (p<0.01 for all). Multivariate analysis revealed that the history of working in waste plastic recycling was an independent risk factor for the increased urinary 8-OHdG levels in the male workers (p<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: The occupational DEHP exposure might contribute to oxidative deoxyribonucleic acid damage in the male workers. 
Phthalate esters are a class of compounds utilized extensively in widely-distributed consumer goods, and have been associated with various adverse health outcomes in previous epidemiologic research. Some of these health outcomes may be the result of phthalate-induced increases in oxidative stress or inflammation, which have been demonstrated in animal studies. The aim of this study was to explore the relationship between urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations and serum markers of inflammation and oxidative stress (C-reactive protein (CRP) and gamma glutamyltransferase (GGT), respectively). Subjects were participants in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) between the years 1999 and 2006. In multivariable linear regression models, we observed significant positive associations between CRP and mono-benzyl phthalate (MBzP) and mono-isobutyl phthalate (MiBP). There were CRP elevations of 6.0% (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.7-10.8%) and 8.3% (95% CI 2.9-14.0%) in relation to interquartile range (IQR) increases in urinary MBzP and MiBP, respectively. GGT was positively associated with mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) and an MEHP% variable calculated from the proportion of MEHP in comparison to other di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) metabolites. IQR increases in MEHP and MEHP% were associated with 2.5% (95% CI 0.2-4.8%) and 3.7% (95% CI 1.7-5.7%) increases in GGT, respectively. CRP and GGT were also inversely related to several phthalate metabolites, primarily oxidized metabolites. In conclusion, several phthalate monoester metabolites that are detected in a high proportion of urine samples from the US general population are associated with increased serum markers of inflammation and oxidative stress. On the other hand, several oxidized phthalate metabolites were inversely associated with these markers. These relationships deserve further exploration in both experimental and observational studies.
We determined the internal exposure of 111 German primary school starters by analyzing urinary metabolites of six phthalates: butyl benzyl phthalate (BBzP), di-iso-butyl phthalate (DiBP), di-n-butyl phthalate (DnBP), di (2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), di-iso-nonyl phthalate (DiNP) and di-iso-decylphthalate (DiDP). From the urinary metabolite levels, we calculated daily intakes and related these values to Tolerable Daily Intake (TDI) values. By introducing the concept of a relative cumulative Tolerable Daily Intake (TDI(cum)) value, we tried to account for the cumulative exposure to several of the above-mentioned phthalates. The TDI(cum) was derived as follows: the daily intake (DI) calculated from the metabolite level was divided by the TDI for each phthalate; this ratio was multiplied by 100% indicating the TDI percentage for which the DI accounted. Finally the % TDIs of the different phthalates were totalled to get the TDI(cum). A TDI(cum) above 100% is a potential cause for concern. We confirmed the ubiquitous exposure of the children to all phthalates investigated. Exposures were within range of levels previously reported for GerES, albeit slightly lower. Regarding daily intakes, two children exceeded the TDI for DnBP, whereas one child closely approached the TDI for DEHP. 24% of the children exceeded the TDI(cum) for the three most critical phthalates: DEHP, DnBP and DiBP. Furthermore, 54% of the children had total exposures that used up more than 50% the TDI(cum). Therefore, the overall exposure to a number of phthalates, and the knowledge that these phthalates (and other anti-androgens) act in a dose-additive manner, urgently warrants a cumulative risk assessment approach.
We previously reported that in utero exposure of the male fetus to the plasticizer di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) resulted in decreased circulating levels of testosterone in the adult without affecting Leydig cell numbers, luteinizing hormone levels, or steroidogenic enzyme expression. Fetal exposure to DEHP resulted in reduced mineralocorticoid receptor (MR; NR3C2) expression in adult Leydig cells. In the present studies, treatment of pregnant Sprague-Dawley dams from Gestational Day 14 until birth with 20, 50, 100, 300, or 750 mg kg(-1) day(-1) of DEHP resulted in significant sex-specific decreases in serum aldosterone but not corticosterone levels at Postnatal Day 60 (PND60) but not at PND21. There was no effect on circulating levels of potassium, angiotensin II or adrenocorticotropin hormone (ACTH). However, there was reduced expression of AT receptor Agtr1a, Agtr1b, and Agtr2 mRNAs. The mRNA levels of proteins and enzymes implicated in aldosterone biosynthesis were not affected by in utero DEHP treatment except for Cyp11b2, which was decreased at high ( 500 mg kg(-1) day(-1)) doses. The data presented herein, together with our previous observation that aldosterone stimulates testosterone production via an MR-mediated mechanism, suggest that in utero exposure to DEHP causes reduction in both adrenal aldosterone synthesis and MR expression in Leydig cells, leading to reduced testosterone production in the adult. Moreover, these results suggest the existence of a DEHP-sensitive adrenal-testis axis regulating androgen formation.
The occurrence of 14 phthalate metabolites was found in human urine samples collected from seven Asian countries: China, India, Japan, Korea, Kuwait, Malaysia, and Vietnam. Phthalate metabolites were found in all samples, indicating widespread exposure of humans to phthalates in these Asian countries. The highest total (the sum of 14 phthalates) phthalate metabolite concentrations were found in samples collected from Kuwait (median: 1050 ng/mL), followed in decreasing order by samples from India (389 ng/mL), China (234 ng/mL), Vietnam (133 ng/mL), Japan (120 ng/mL), Korea (117 ng/mL), and Malaysia (94.9 ng/mL). The creatinine-adjusted median concentrations of total phthalates for urine samples from Kuwait, India, China, Vietnam, Japan, Korea, and Malaysia were 692, 506, 289, 119, 103, 104, and 169 g/g creatinine, respectively. Monomethyl phthalate (mMP), monoethyl phthalate (mEP), mono (2-isobutyl phthalate) (miBP), mono-n-butyl phthalate (mBP), and metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) were the dominant compounds, collectively accounting for >95% of the total concentrations in the samples from the seven countries. The profiles of urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations varied among the samples collected from the seven countries. Urine samples from Kuwait contained the highest concentrations of mEP (median: 391 ng/mL), mBP (94.1 ng/mL), and the metabolites of DEHP (202 ng/mL), whereas samples from China and Japan contained the highest concentrations of miBP (50.8 ng/mL) and mMP (17.5 ng/mL), respectively. mEP was the predominant metabolite in urine samples from India and Kuwait (accounting for 49% of the total), mBP and miBP were the predominant compounds in samples from China (52%), and DEHP metabolites were the predominant compounds in samples from Korea (46%) and Vietnam (52%). Based on the urinary concentrations of mEP, mBP, miBP, and DEHP metabolites of the samples from the seven Asian countries, we estimated daily intake rates of diethyl phthalate (DEP), dibutyl phthalate (DBP), and DEHP. The results indicated that people in the seven Asian countries are exposed to DEP, DBP, and DEHP at levels well below the reference doses (RfD) suggested as unsafe by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The estimated exposure doses to DEHP in Kuwait, however, were above the RfD recommended by the EPA.
Phthalates have long been used as plasticizers to soften plastic products and, thus, are ubiquitous in modern life. As part of the Bavarian Monitoring of Breast Milk (BAMBI), we aimed to characterize the exposure of infants to phthalates in Germany. Overall, 15 phthalates, including di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP), di-n-butyl phthalate (DnBP), di-isobutyl phthalate (DiBP), di-isononyl phthalate (DiNP), three primary metabolites of DEHP [mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), mono-isobutyl phthalate (MiBP), and mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP)], and two secondary metabolites of DEHP were analyzed in 78 breast milk samples. We found median concentrations of 3.9 ng/g for DEHP, 0.8 ng/g for DnBP, and 1.2 ng/g for DiBP, while other parent phthalates were found in only some or none of the samples at levels above the limit of quantitation. In infant formula (n=4) we observed mean values of 19.7 ng/g (DEHP), 3.8 ng/g (DnBP), and 3.6 ng/g (DiBP). For MEHP, MiBP, and MnBP, the median values in breast milk were 2.3 g/l, 11.8 g/l, and 2.1 g/l, respectively. The secondary metabolites were not detected in any samples. Using median and 95th percentile values, we estimated an "average" and "high" daily intake for an exclusively breast-fed infant of 0.6 g/kg body weight (b.w.) and 2.1 g/kg b.w., respectively, for DEHP, 0.1 g/kg b.w. and 0.5 g/kg b.w. for DnBP, and 0.2 g/kg b.w. and 0.7 g/kg b.w. for DiBP. For DiNP, intake values were 3.2 g/kg b.w. and 6.4 g/kg b.w., respectively, if all values in milk were set half of the detection limit or the detection limit. The above-mentioned "average" and "high" intake values corresponded to only about 2% to 7%, respectively, of the recommended tolerable daily intake. Thus, it is not likely that an infant's exposure to phthalates from breast milk poses any significant health risk. Nevertheless, other sources of phthalates in this vulnerable phase have to be considered. Moreover, it should be noted that for infants nourished with formula, phthalate intake is of the same magnitude or slightly higher (DEHP) than for exclusively breast-fed infants.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates are a group of chemicals with widespread use in the industrial production of numerous consumer products. They are suspected to be involved in male reproductive health problems and have also been associated with several other health problems in children including obesity and asthma. OBJECTIVES: To study the urinary excretion of phthalate metabolites in Danish children recruited from the general population, and to estimate the daily intake of phthalates in this segment of the population. METHOD: One 24 h urine sample and to consecutive first morning urine samples were collected from 129 healthy Danish children and adolescents (range 6-21 yrs). The concentrations of 11 phthalate metabolites of 5 different phthalate diesters were analyzed by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: The analyzed metabolites were detectable in almost all 24h urine samples. The median concentrations of monoethyl phthalate (MEP), monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP) and the sums of the two monobutyl phthalate isoforms (MBP(i+n)), metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHPm) and of di-iso-nonyl phthalate (DiNPm) were 29, 17, 111, 107 and 31 ng/mL, respectively. The youngest children were generally more exposed to phthalates than older children and adolescents (except diethyl phthalate (DEP)). Boys were more exposed than girls. The median estimated daily intake of phthalate diesters was: 4.29 (dibutyl phthalate isoforms (DBP(i+n))), 4.04 (DEHP), 1.70 (DiNP), 1.09 (DEP) and 0.62 (butylbenzyl phthalate (BBzP)), all calculated as g/kg body weight/24h. Between 40% and 48% of the absolute amount of phthalate metabolites excreted over 24h were excreted in first morning urine voids. CONCLUSION: Danish children are exposed simultaneously to multiple phthalates. The highest exposure levels were found for DBP(i+n) and DEHP, which in animal models are the known most potent anti-androgenic phthalates. The combined exposure to the two isoforms of DBP, which have similar endocrine-disrupting potencies in animal models, exceeded the TDI for di-n-butyl phthalate (DnBP) in several of the younger children. 
Sources of phthalates other than Polyvinyl chloride (PVC) related products are scarcely documented in Mexico. The objective of our study was to explore the association between urinary levels of nine phthalate metabolites and the use of personal care products. Subjects included 108 women who participated as controls in an ongoing population-based case-control study of environmental factors and genetic susceptibility to breast cancer in northern Mexico. Direct interviews were performed to inquire about sociodemographic characteristics, reproductive history, use of personal care products, and diet. Phthalate metabolites measured in urine by high performance liquid chromatography-isotope dilution tandem mass spectrometry were monoethyl phthalate (MEP), monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP), mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP), mono-isobutyl phthalate (MiBP), mono-3-carboxypropyl phthalate (MCPP) as well as mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP), mono-2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl phthalate (MEOHP), mono-2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl phthalate (MEHHP), mono-2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl phthalate (MECPP) that are metabolites of di-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP). Detectable urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites varied from 75% (MEHP) to 100% (MEP, MBP, MEOHP, MEHHP and MECPP). Medians of urinary concentrations of some phthalate metabolites were significantly higher among users of the following personal care products compared to nonusers: body lotion (MEHHP, MECPP and sum of DEHP metabolites (DEHP)), deodorant (MEHP and DEHP), perfume (MiBP), anti-aging facial cream (MEP, MBP and MCPP) and bottled water (MCPP, MEHHP and MEOHP). Urinary concentrations of MEP showed a positive relationship with the number of personal care products used. Our results suggest that the use of some personal care products contributes to phthalate body burden that deserves attention due to its potential health impact.
Because of volatilization and leaching from their application in consumer and personal care products, phthalate esters are ubiquitous contaminants in the indoor environment. In this study, we measured concentrations and profiles of 9 phthalate esters in indoor dust samples collected from six cities in China (n = 75). For comparison, we also analyzed samples collected from Albany, New York, USA (n = 33). The results indicated that concentrations, except for dicyclohexyl phthalate (DCHP) and bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), and profiles of phthalate esters varied significantly between the two countries. Concentrations of diethyl phthalate (DEP), di-n-hexyl phthalate (DNHP), and benzyl butyl phthalate (BzBP) were 5 to 10 times higher in dust samples collected from Albany than those from the Chinese cities. In contrast, concentrations of di-iso-butyl phthalate (DIBP) in dust samples from Albany were 5 times lower than those from the Chinese cities. We estimated the daily intake (DI) of phthalate esters through the routes of dust ingestion and dermal dust absorption. The extent of contribution of indoor dust to human exposures varied, depending on the type of phthalate esters. The contribution of dust to DEHP exposure was 2-5% and 10-58% of the estimated total DIs in China and the USA, respectively. On the basis of the estimates of total DIs of phthalates, extrapolated from urinary metabolite concentrations, the contributions of inhalation, dermal absorption, and dietary intake to total DIs were estimated. The results indicated that dietary intake is the main source of exposure to DEHP (especially in China), whereas dermal exposure was a major source for DEP. This is the first study to elucidate sources of human exposure to phthalates among the general population in China.
BACKGROUND: Phthalate and phenol exposure is prevalent among the general population and of potential concern for pregnant women and children because of their suspected susceptibility to endocrine effects. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the extent of exposure to several phthalates and phenols in a sample of Spanish pregnant women - according to their individual characteristics (age, social class, education, and body mass index) - and children who participated in the INMA - Infancia y Medio Ambiente (Environment and Childhood) project. METHODS: One spot urine sample was taken during the third trimester of pregnancy from 120 pregnant women and from 30 4-year old children belonging to 5 Spanish birth cohorts, and analyzed for 11 phthalate metabolites and 9 phenols. RESULTS: Three metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, mono-2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl phthalate, mono-2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl phthalate, and mono-2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl phthalate; two metabolites of dibutyl phthalates, mono-isobutyl phthalate and mono-n-butyl phthalate; monoethyl phthalate (MEP), the main metabolite of diethyl phthalate; and two phenols, methyl paraben (M-PB) and 2,5-dichlorophenol were detected in the urine samples of all women. The highest urinary concentrations were for MEP and M-PB. Urinary concentrations of all phthalate metabolites and of 2,4-dichlorophenol, 2,5-dichlorophenol, and bisphenol A were lower in the pregnant women than in the children. Among women, a positive relationship with social class and education was shown for most of the phthalate metabolites and phenols. Almost all phthalate metabolites varied by region even after adjusting for social class and education. CONCLUSIONS: Phthalate and phenol exposures are prevalent in a group of pregnant women and young children, two susceptible populations, and these exposures might be positively related to social class. 
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the associations of hormone circulation with phthalate exposure in adult men. METHODS: Semen and serum samples were collected from 118 men who were suspected of infertility. Phthalate diesters including dibutyl phthalate (DBP) and diethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) in both semen and serum samples were measured, along with serum levels of follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), testosterone (T), estradiol (E(2)) and prolactin (PRL). RESULTS: Serum PRL was positively associated with serum DBP and DEHP and semen DEHP in all models of Spearman correlation, linear regression and binary logistic regression. In linear regression models adjusted for potential confounders and excluding subjects with undetectable phthalates, a 10-fold increase in semen DEHP was associated with a 23% increase in serum PRL, as well as a 26% increase in serum DBP and a 20% increase in serum DEHP. In logistic regression models all subjects demonstrated a dose-response relationship between above reference value PRL and semen DEHP (odds ratio per tertile adjusted for potential confounders = 1.0, 1.70, 3.50; P for trend = 0.01), and serum DBP (1.0, 1.10, 2.62; P for trend = 0.04), and serum DEHP (1.0, 1.46, 4.69; P for trend < 0.01). A positive correlation between serum estradiol and semen DEHP (linear regression), and an inverse correlation between semen DBP and serum testosterone and T:E(2) ratio (Spearman correlation) were also established. CONCLUSION: Serum PRL is suggested to be positively associated with both DBP and DEHP exposure in adult men. 
BACKGROUND: Bisphenol A (BPA) and bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) are high-production-volume chemicals used in plastics and resins for food packaging. They have been associated with endocrine disruption in animals and in some human studies. Human exposure sources have been estimated, but the relative contribution of dietary exposure to total intake has not been studied empirically. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the contribution of food packaging to exposure, we measured urinary BPA and phthalate metabolites before, during, and after a "fresh foods" dietary intervention. METHODS: We selected 20 participants in five families based on self-reported use of canned and packaged foods. Participants ate their usual diet, followed by 3 days of "fresh foods" that were not canned or packaged in plastic, and then returned to their usual diet. We collected evening urine samples over 8 days in January 2010 and composited them into preintervention, during intervention, and postintervention samples. We used mixed-effects models for repeated measures and Wilcoxon signed-rank tests to assess change in urinary levels across time. RESULTS: Urine levels of BPA and DEHP metabolites decreased significantly during the fresh foods intervention [e.g., BPA geometric mean (GM), 3.7 ng/mL preintervention vs. 1.2 ng/mL during intervention; mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxy hexyl) phthalate GM, 57 ng/mL vs. 25 ng/mL]. The intervention reduced GM concentrations of BPA by 66% and DEHP metabolites by 53-56%. Maxima were reduced by 76% for BPA and 93-96% for DEHP metabolites. CONCLUSIONS: BPA and DEHP exposures were substantially reduced when participants' diets were restricted to food with limited packaging. 
Phthalates are esters of phthalic acid and are mainly used as plasticizers (added to plastics to increase their flexibility, transparency, durability, and longevity). Humans are exposed to phthalates through several routes. Urinary phthalate metabolites can be used as biomarkers of human exposures to phthalates. In this study, 14 phthalate metabolites were analyzed in 183 urine samples collected in 2010 from Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Qiqihaer, China. Phthalate metabolites were found in all urine samples and their total concentrations ranged from 18.6 to 3160 ng/mL (median: 331 ng/mL). Mono-n-butyl phthalate (mBP) and mono-2-isobutyl phthalate (miBP) were the major metabolites found in urine, and their respective median concentrations were 61.2 and 51.7 ng/mL; concentrations of miBP were higher than the concentrations reported for other countries, to date. Based on the urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites, we estimated the daily intake rates in the Chinese population. The estimated daily intakes of dibutyl phthalate (DBP), diethyl phthalate (DEP), and di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) in China were 12.2, 3.8, and ~5 g/kg bw/day, respectively. Thirty nine percent of the samples exceeded the tolerable daily intake of 10 g/kg bw/day, proposed for DBP, by the European Food Safety Authority, but none of the estimated daily intake values exceeded the reference dose recommended by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
Phthalates are suspected of having adverse effects on androgen-regulated reproductive development in animals and may be toxic for human sperm. The purposes of our study were to investigate the general exposure of a Chinese reproductive age cohort to these ubiquitous pollutants and to assess their potential effect on semen quality. Six phthalate metabolites, monomethyl phthalate (MMP), monoethyl phthalate (MEP), monobutyl phthalate (MBP), monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP), mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP), and mono-2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl phthalate (MEOHP) were measured in spot urines of 150 individuals recruited from a Chongqing, China, reproductive institute. The questionnaire and clinical data were evaluated, and the correlations of phthalate exposure and semen qualities like semen volume, sperm concentration, motility and sperm motion parameters, were determined by multiple logistic regression analysis. The creatinine adjusted average concentrations for MMP, MEP, MBP, MBzP, MEHP and MEOHP were 41.3, 300, 41.0, 0.78, 2.99 and 3.90 g/g, respectively. After adjustment for age, body mass index (BMI), abstinence, smoking, drinking, and education, there was a borderline-significant dose-response relationship between MBP and sperm concentration, with odd ratios (ORs) 1.0, 6.8 and 12.0 for increasing exposure tertiles (p=0.05). Although the dose-response relationships for MMP and MEP versus sperm concentration were not significant, a significant positive correlation between MEP and straight-line velocity of sperm motion was observed. The present data may imply some effects of phthalate exposure on semen. However, due to the small sample size, our finding needs to be confirmed on a larger population.
BACKGROUND: Plasticizers such as di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) are added to polyvinyl chloride (PVC) to confer flexibility. However, DEHP is associated with reproductive disorders in humans. Because of its noncovalent bond to the PVC matrix, this plasticizer tends to leach easily. Infants and children undergoing cyclic, long-term parenteral nutrition (PN) could be particularly at risk of potential toxicity from DEHP due to regular exposure. Malondialdehyde (MDA) is one of the most commonly used markers of free radical activity. The purpose of this study was to investigate how long-term exposure to phthalate affects the plasmatic rate of MDA. METHODS: Studies were performed on 7 randomized infants and children on regular cyclic, long-term PN, and the results were compared with those of 5 nontreated infants. The circulating concentrations of DEHP in children and infants during the PN therapy were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography. The concentrations were assessed before and after the PN session. In the same way, plasma MDA concentrations were measured. RESULTS: The circulating concentrations of DEHP before and after a 10- to 11-hour cyclic PN treatment in 7 infants and children under regular perfusion ranged widely, showing a significant increase after the treatment among all the patients. The same phenomenon observed with the rate of MDA showed that the 2 events are closely dependent. Therefore, long-term exposure to DEHP during cyclic PN raised plasma MDA levels, indicating increased oxidative stress. CONCLUSION: Long-term exposure to DEHP during PN increased free radical activity in vivo. 
High levels of exposure to phthalates have been associated with an increased risk for adverse male fetal reproductive development. Although animal studies have consistently demonstrated reproductive health effects, additional human epidemiological studies are needed to fully understand the potential harm to humans. Recent findings reported for humans have demonstrated endocrine-disrupting action similar to that associated with phthalate exposures in animals. As a result, phthalate exposure is an emerging public health concern that warrants further review. This article explores the state of the science on phthalate exposure, reviews the literature, and provides recommendations occupational health nurses can use to optimize the health of susceptible populations.
Phthalate esters, such as di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), are widespread environmental contaminants. Previously, we have observed that DEHP exacerbates dermatitis elicited by mite antigen in NC/Nga mice. Also, DEHP enhances the functions of bone marrow-derived dendritic cells (DCs) in vitro. The present study sought to investigate whether phthalate esters affect peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC)-derived DCs of NC/Nga mice. First, we studied the time course of DC generation from PBMCs and the dose dependency of granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor and interleukin-4, and then determined the conditions under which DC differentiation and maturation are moderately induced from PBMCs. Under the conditions determined above, DEHP at 10 m significantly inhibited the expression of DC differentiation and maturation markers, such as CD11c, CD40, CD80, CD86 and CD205, whereas mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, a metabolite of DEHP, did not. Furthermore, the effects of DEHP on PBMC-derived DCs were partially rescued by treatment with ICI 182,780, an estrogen receptor antagonist. Taken together, these results suggest that DEHP can modulate the differentiation and maturation of mouse PBMC-derived DCs at least partially through activation of the estrogen receptor under our experimental conditions.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates have been identified as endocrine active compounds associated with developmental and reproductive toxicity. The exposure to phthalates in premenstrual Egyptian females remains unknown. The objective of this study was to characterize phthalate exposure of a potentially vulnerable population of premenstrual girls from urban and rural Egypt. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We collected one spot urine sample from 60 10-13 year old females, 30 from rural Egypt, and 30 from urban Egypt from July to October 2009. Samples were analyzed for 11 phthalate metabolites. Additionally, we collected anthropometrics as well as questionnaire data concerning food storage behaviors, cooking practices, and cosmetic use. Phthalate metabolite concentrations were compared between urban and rural Egyptians as well as to age and gender matched Americans. RESULTS: Monoethyl phthalate (MEP), was detected at the highest concentration in urine of Egyptian girls (median: 43.2 ng/mL in rural, 98.8 ng/mL in urban). Concentrations of urinary metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and dibutyl phthalate were comparable between Egyptians and age matched US girls. Storage of food in plastic containers was a statistically significant predictor of urinary mono-isobutyl phthalate (MiBP) concentrations when comparing covariate adjusted means. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites were similar in Egyptian and US populations, suggesting that phthalate exposure also occurs in developing nations. Dietary intake is likely an important route of exposure to phthalates in both urban and rural populations. 
Phthalates are a family of industrial chemicals that have been used for a variety of purposes. As the potential consequences of human exposure to phthalates have raised concerns in the general population, they have been studied in susceptible subjects such as pregnant women, infants and children. This article aims at evaluating the impact of exposure to phthalates on reproductive outcomes and children health by reviewing most recent published literature. Epidemiological studies focusing on exposure to phthalates and pregnancy outcome, genital development, semen quality, precocious puberty, thyroid function, respiratory symptoms and neurodevelopment in children for the last ten years were identified by a search of the PubMed, Medline, Ebsco, Agricola and Toxnet literature bases. The results from the presented studies suggest that there are strong and rather consistent indications that phthalates increase the risk of allergy and asthma and have an adverse impact on children's neurodevelopment reflected by quality of alertness among girls, decreased (less masculine) composite score in boys and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Results of few studies demonstrate negative associations between phthalate levels commonly experienced by the public and impaired sperm quality (concentration, morphology, motility). Phthalates negatively impact also on gestational age and head circumference; however, the results of the studies were not consistent. In all the reviewed studies, exposure to phthalates adversely affected the level of reproductive hormones (luteinizing hormone, free testosterone, sex hormone-binding globulin), anogenital distance and thyroid function. The urinary levels of phthalates were significantly higher in the pubertal gynecomastia group, in serum in girls with premature thelarche and in girls with precocious puberty. Epidemiological studies, in spite of their limitations, suggest that phthalates may affect reproductive outcome and children health. Considering the suggested health effects, more epidemiologic data is urgently needed and, in the meantime, precautionary policies must be implemented.
Urinary concentrations of metabolites of the anti-androgenic xenobiotic  di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) were previously shown to be weakly  associated with serum levels of several hormones in 2 disparate US  populations: partners of pregnant women participating in the Study for Future  Families and partners in infertile couples from Massachusetts General Hospital  infertility clinic. The observed associations between phthalate metabolites  and reproductive hormones were robust and insensitive to the characteristics  of the subpopulation or the laboratory in which the hormones were measured,  despite the fact that these 2 populations span a range of fertility, urinary  phthalate metabolites, and reproductive hormone levels. We therefore examined  associations between urinary metabolites of DEHP and reproductive  hormones-follicle-stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, testosterone  (T), inhibin B, and estradiol (E(2))-and sex  hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) in the pooled population. The magnitude  of the associations seen were similar to those reported for each population  separately, but effect estimates were more precise because of the increased  sample size and the greater range of phthalate metabolite concentrations and  hormone levels. Urinary concentrations of 3 metabolites of DEHP  [mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate  (MEHHP), and mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP)] were inversely  associated with the free androgen index (FAI = T/SHBG) and calculated free  testosterone. Urinary concentrations of MEHHP and MEOHP were positively  associated with SHBG, and MEHP was inversely associated with E(2). No  other phthalate metabolites were associated with serum hormones, consistent  with results in each population. Our results in this diverse population  suggest that DEHP exposure is robustly associated with some male sex steroid  hormones.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Bisphenol A (BPA) levels have previously been associated with coronary heart disease (CHD). Since CHD is an atherosclerotic disease, we investigated if circulating levels of BPA and phthalate metabolites are related to atherosclerosis in a cross-sectional study. METHODS: In the population-based Prospective Investigation of the Vasculature in Uppsala Seniors (PIVUS) study (1016 subjects all aged 70), the prevalence of overt plaques and echogenectity (grey scale median, GSM) of carotid artery plaques were recorded by ultrasound in both of the carotid arteries. The thickness (IMT) and echogenicity (IM-GSM) of the intima-media complex were also measured. Bisphenol A (BPA) and 10 phthalate metabolites were analyzed in serum by a API 4000 liquid chromatograph/tandem mass spectrometer. RESULTS: Mono-methyl phthalate (MMP) was related to carotid plaques in an inverted U-shaped manner. This pattern was significant after adjustment for gender, body mass index, blood glucose, blood pressure, HDL and LDL-cholesterol, serum triglycerides, smoking, antihypertensive treatment and statin use (p=0.004). High levels of BPA, mono-isobutyl phthalate (MiBP) and MMP were associated with an echogenic IM-GSM and plaque GSM, while high levels of mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP) were associated with an echolucent IM-GSM and plaque GSM (p<0.0001 after adjustment). CONCLUSION: The phthalate metabolite MMP was related to atherosclerotic plaques in an inverted U-shaped manner independently of CV risk factors. Some phthalates and BPA were also related to the echogenicity of the plaques, suggesting a role for plaque-associated chemicals in atherosclerosis. 
OBJECTIVE: To investigate potential associations between semen quality in workers and the concentrations of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) in personal air collected from polyvinyl chloride (PVC) plants. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: PVC plants in Taiwan. PATIENT(S): Forty-five male workers employed in two PVC pellet plants. INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASUREMENT(S): Sperm concentration, motility, morphology, and chromatin DNA integrity were accessed. RESULT(S): The workers were divided into low- and high-DEHP-exposed groups in accordance with the median levels of DEHP (23.7 g/m(3)) in personal air. In the high-DEHP-exposed group, significant increases were found in the tendency for sperm DNA denaturation (T) induction, the DNA fragmentation index (DFI), and propensity for coffee drinking. After adjusting for coffee drinking, cigarette smoking, and age, personal air concentrations of DEHP showed positive associations with T ( = 0.038) and DFI ( = 0.140) and negative associations with sperm motility ( = -0.227). CONCLUSION(S): This is the first study to demonstrate a link between DEHP concentration in ambient air and the adverse effects in sperm motility and chromatin DNA integrity. Given the current wide use of these PVC products, the implications for phthalates toxicity and occupational health could be considerable. 
-Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), a typical endocrine-disrupting chemical (EDC), is widely used as plasticizer. DEHP exposure in humans is virtually ubiquitous, and those undergoing certain medical procedures can be especially high. In this study, we investigated whether developmental DEHP exposure disrupted glucose homeostasis in the rat and whether this was associated with the early impairment in endocrine pancreas. Pregnant Wistar rats were administered DEHP (1.25 and 6.25 mgkg(-1)day(-1)) or corn oil throughout gestation and lactation by oral gavage. Body weight, glucose and insulin tolerance, and -cell morphometry and function were examined in offspring during the growth. In this study, developmental DEHP exposure led to abnormal -cell ultrastructure, reduced -cell mass, and pancreatic insulin content as well as alterations in the expression of genes involved in pancreas development and -cell function in offspring at weaning. At adulthood, female DEHP-exposed offspring exhibited elevated blood glucose, reduced serum insulin, impaired glucose tolerance, and insulin secretion. Male DEHP-exposed offspring had increased serum insulin, although there were no significant differences in blood glucose at fasting and during glucose tolerance test. In addition, both male and female DEHP-exposed offspring had significantly lower birth weight and maintained relatively lower body weight up to 27 wk of age. These results suggest that developmental exposure to DEHP gives rise to -cell dysfunction and the whole body glucometabolic abnormalities in the rat. DEHP exposure in critical periods of development can be a potential risk factor, at least in part, for developing diabetes.
Exposure to phthalates and Bisphenol A could cause developmental and reproductive toxicity. This study provides a first assessment of these exposures for more than 250 French pregnant women. The median concentrations of total and free Bisphenol A in urine were similar to those in other studies except the highest concentrations (5% of women had total and free Bisphenol A >50g/L). Our study highlights high levels of Di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate metabolites in pregnant women, suggesting recent exposure, probably in hospital. Differences between types of delivery (caesarean vs. natural) support this hypothesis. This is a significant implication for large-scale biomonitoring studies among this population.
Phthalate esters, commonly used as plasticizers, show anti-androgenic activity and cause male reproductive malformation in experimental animals. However, the effects of prenatal exposure to phthalate esters in humans have not been extensively studied. The purpose of this study was to examine the relationship between prenatal exposure to phthalate esters and the anogenital distance (AGD) as a reproductive endpoint in human male newborns. Spot urine samples were collected from 111 Japanese pregnant women after obtaining their informed consent. Seven urinary phthalate ester metabolites were determined by high performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Urinary isoflavones concentrations were measured as possible covariates because their oestrogenicities and high exposure levels among Japanese have the potential to affect male genital development. Birth outcomes and AGD, the distance from the centre of the anus to external genitalia, were measured for their male newborns. In a multiple regression model, the log-transformed mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate concentration (specific gravity-corrected) was negatively significant, and maternal smoking status was positively significant, in explaining anogenital index (AGI) when potential covariates were controlled for. Urinary isoflavones did not significantly contribute to AGI in any models. Our results suggest that prenatal exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate affects reproductive development in human males.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates are ubiquitous industrial chemicals used as plasticizers in plastics made of polyvinyl chloride (PVC) to confer flexibility and durability. They are also present in products used for personal-care, industry and in medical devices. Phthalates have been associated with several adverse health effects, and recently it has been proposed that exposure to phthalates, could have an effect on metabolic homeostasis. This exploratory cross-sectional study evaluated the possible association between phthalate exposure and self-reported diabetes among adult Mexican women. METHODS: As part of an on-going case-control study for breast cancer, only controls were selected, which constituted 221 healthy women matched by age (5 years) and place of residence with the cases. Women with diabetes were identified by self-report. Urinary concentrations of nine phthalate metabolites were measured by online solid phase extraction coupled to high performance liquid chromatography-isotope-dilution tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Participants with diabetes had significantly higher concentrations of di(2-ethylhexyl) pththalate (DEHP) metabolites: mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP) and mono(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate (MECPP) but lower levels of monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP) a metabolite of benzylbutyl phthalate, compared to participants without diabetes. A marginally significant positive associations with diabetes status were observed over tertiles with MEHHP (OR(T3 vs. T1)=2.66; 95% CI: 0.97-7.33; p for trend=0.063) and MEOHP (OR(T3 vs. T1)=2.27; 95% CI; 0.90-5.75; P for trend=0.079) even after adjusting for important confounders. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that levels of some phthalates may play a role in the genesis of diabetes. 
PURPOSE: Diisononyl phthalate (DiNP) is primarily used as a plasticizer in polyvinyl chloride (PVC) materials. While information is available on general population exposure to DiNP, occupational exposure data are lacking. We present DiNP metabolite urinary concentrations in PVC processing workers, estimate DiNP daily intake for these workers, and compare worker estimates to other populations. METHODS: We assessed DiNP exposure in participants from two companies that manufactured PVC materials, a PVC film manufacturer (n = 25) and a PVC custom compounder (n = 12). A mid-shift and end-shift urine sample was collected from each participant and analyzed for the DiNP metabolite mono(carboxy-isooctyl) phthalate (MCiOP). Mixed models were used to assess the effect on MCiOP concentrations of a worker being assigned to (1) a task using DiNP and (2) a shift where DiNP was used. A simple pharmacokinetic model was used to estimate DiNP daily intake from the MCiOP concentrations. RESULTS: Creatinine-adjusted MCiOP urinary concentrations ranged from 0.42-80 g/g in PVC film and from 1.11-13.4 g/g in PVC compounding. PVC film participants who worked on a task using DiNP (n = 7) had the highest MCiOP geometric mean (GM) end-shift concentration (25.2 g/g), followed by participants who worked on a shift where DiNP was used (n = 11) (17.7 g/g) as compared to participants with no task (2.92 g/g) or shift (2.08 g/g) exposure to DiNP. The GM end-shift MCiOP concentration in PVC compounding participants (4.80 g/g) was comparable to PVC film participants with no task or shift exposure to DiNP. Because no PVC compounding participants were assigned to tasks using DINP on the day sampled, DiNP exposure in this company may be underestimated. The highest DiNP intake estimate was 26 g/kg/day. CONCLUSION: Occupational exposure to DiNP associated with PVC film manufacturing tasks were substantially higher (sixfold to tenfold) than adult general population exposures; however, all daily intake estimates were less than 25% of current United States or European acceptable or tolerable daily intake estimates. Further characterization of DiNP occupational exposures in other industries is recommended. 
The phthalates DEHP (Diethylhexyl phthalate), DiNP (Diisononyl phthalate) and DiDP (Diisodecyl phthalate) are constituents of plastisols. We sought to obtain first data on occupational exposures to the above phthalates by analyzing their metabolites in pre- and post-shift urine samples from 5 workers in a car manufacturing plant engaged in seam sealing with a DINP based plastisol. Pre-shift samples were collected after a work-free period of at least 2 days. As a comparison group we investigated 10 employees from the same plant. The comparison group had phthalate exposures in the range of the general German population. All plastisol workers had post shift values of DiNP and DiDP metabolites that were approx. 20-times higher, and pre-shift values that were approx. 5-10 times higher than those of the general background exposure. Post-shift values of DiNP metabolites were (median [maximum]: OH-MiNP: 117 [442] g/L; oxo-MiNP: 44.3 [175] g/L; carboxy-MiNP: 57.8 [286]g/L), pre shift values were (OH-MiNP: 26 [164] g/L; oxo-MiNP 12.9 [68.6] g/L; carboxy-MiNP: 32.3 [103] g/L), compared to the comparison group (OH-MiNP: 6.2 [33]g/L; oxo-MiNP: 2.8 [16] g/L; carboxy-MiNP: 6.5 [31] g/L). DiDP values were generally lower. Regarding DEHP we found no significant work related exposure. The dermal exposure route might play an important role for phthalates in plastisols, with possible influences on distribution and elimination kinetics and therefore data interpretation.
BACKGROUND: There are increasing concerns over adverse effects of prenatal phthalate exposure on the neurodevelopment of infants. OBJECTIVES: Our goal was to explore the association between prenatal di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and dibutyl phthalate exposure and the Mental and Psychomotor Developmental Indices (MDI and PDI, respectively) of the Bayley Scales of Infant Development at 6 months, as part of the Mothers and Children's Environmental Health Study. METHODS: Between 2006 and 2009, 460 mother-infant pairs from Seoul, Cheonan, and Ulsan, Korea, participated. Prenatal mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP), and mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP) were measured in one urine sample acquired from each mother during the third trimester of pregnancy. Associations with log-transformed creatinine-corrected phthalate concentrations were estimated using linear regression models adjusted for potential confounders. RESULTS: MDI was inversely associated with the natural log concentrations (micrograms per gram creatinine) of MEHHP [ = -0.97; confidence interval (CI), -1.85 to -0.08] and MEOHP ( = -0.95; CI, -1.87 to -0.03), and PDI was inversely associated with MEHHP ( = -1.20; CI, -2.33 to -0.08). In males, MDI was inversely associated with MEHHP ( = -1.46; CI, -2.70 to -0.22), MEOHP ( = -1.57; CI, -2.87 to -0.28), and MBP ( = -0.93; CI, -1.82 to -0.05); PDI was inversely associated with MEHHP ( = -2.36; CI, -3.94 to -0.79), MEOHP ( = -2.05; CI, -3.71 to -0.39), and MBP ( = -1.25; CI, -2.40 to -0.11). No significant linear associations were observed for females. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that prenatal exposure to phthalates may be inversely associated with the MDI and PDI of infants, particularly males, at 6 months. 
BACKGROUND: Limited animal, in vitro, and human studies have reported that exposure to phthalates or bisphenol A (BPA) may affect thyroid signaling. OBJECTIVE: We explored the cross-sectional relationship between urinary concentrations of metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), dibutyl phthalate (DBP), and BPA with a panel of serum thyroid measures among a representative sample of U.S. adults and adolescents. METHODS: We analyzed data on urinary biomarkers of exposure to phthalates and BPA, serum thyroid measures, and important covariates from 1,346 adults (ages  20 years) and 329 adolescents (ages 12-19 years) from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2007-2008 using multivariable linear regression. RESULTS: Among adults, we observed significant inverse relationships between urinary DEHP metabolites and total thyroxine (T4), free T4, total triiodothyronine (T3), and thyroglobulin, and positive relationships with thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). The strongest and most consistent relationships involved total T4, where adjusted regression coefficients for quintiles of oxidative DEHP metabolites displayed monotonic dose-dependent decreases in total T4 (p-value for trend < 0.0001). Suggestive inverse relationships between urinary BPA and total T4 and TSH were also observed. Conversely, among adolescents, we observed significant positive relationships between DEHP metabolites and total T3. Mono(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate, a secondary metabolite of both DBP and di-n-octyl phthalate, was associated with several thyroid measures in both age groups, whereas other DBP metabolites were not associated with thyroid measures. CONCLUSIONS: These results support previous reports of associations between phthalates-and possibly BPA--and altered thyroid hormones. More detailed studies are needed to determine the temporal relationships and potential clinical and public health implications of these associations. 
Phthalate esters (PAEs) are globally pervasive contaminants that are considered to be endocrine disruptor chemicals and toxic environmental priority pollutants. In this paper, the interactions between PAEs and human serum albumin (HSA) were examined by molecular modelling, steady state and time-resolved fluorescence, ultraviolet-visible spectroscopy (UV-vis) and circular dichroism spectroscopy (CD). The association constants between PAEs and HSA were determined using the Stern-Volmer and Scatchard equations. The binding of dimethyl phthalate (DMP) to HSA has a single class of binding site and its binding constants (K) are 4.08  10(3), 3.97  10(3), 3.45  10(3), and 3.20  10(3)L mol(-1) at 289, 296, 303, and 310K, respectively. The Stern-Volmer and Scatchard plots both had two regression curves for HSA-butylbenzyl phthalate (BBP) and HSA-di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP), which indicated that these bindings were via two types of binding sites: the numbers of binding site for the first type were lower than for the second type. The binding constants of the first type binding site were higher than those of the second type binding site at corresponding temperatures, the results suggesting that the first type of binding site had high affinity and the second binding site involved other sites with lower binding affinity and selectivity. The thermodynamic parameters of the binding reactions (G, H and S) were measured, and they indicated the presences of hydrophobic forces and hydrogen interactions in the PAEs-HSA interactions, which agreed well with the results from molecular modelling. The alterations of protein secondary structure in the presence of PAEs were confirmed by UV-vis and CD spectroscopy. The time-resolved fluorescence study showed that the lifetime of Trp residue of HSA decreased after the addition of PAEs, which implied that the Trp residue of HSA was the main binding site.
Diethyl phthalate (DEP) is widely used in the perfume industry as a vehicle for fragrances and in personal care products making human exposure of DEP significant to adults as well as neonatals, as confirmed by levels recorded in blood as well as breast milk samples of human populations in some parts of the world. Therefore, a study was undertaken to understand the toxic effect of DEP over three generations in male Wistar rats. Healthy male and female albino rats of Wistar strain weighing 75-100g (6-7 weeks old) were randomly assigned to two groups of six each. Group I (Control) male and female rats were fed on normal diet and water ad libitum. Group II (DEP) male and female rats were given DEP dissolved in corn oil mixed with the diet at 50mg/kg of the diet/day. Hundred days after the treatment, females were mated with males for 10 days. Exposure to DEP was continued throughout mating, gestation until termination at weaning, which was 150 days of total treatment period of the parental generation. The F1 and F2 generation pups were then segregated on the basis of their sex and six male and female pups of both generations were allowed to grow till they were 75-100g in weight. The treatment was then carried out similar to the parental generation but with reduced dose of 25mg/kg of the diet/day for F1 generation and 10mg/kg of the diet/day for F2 generation. Hundred days after the treatment, females were mated with males for 10 days. Exposure to DEP was continued throughout mating, gestation (21 days) until termination at weaning (21 days), which was 150 days of total treatment period of the F1 and F2 generation. Liver and serum ALT, AST and triglycerides were significantly increased over the three generations, which was much more significant in the F2 generation DEP treated group. The serum cholesterol and liver glutathione and glutathione reductase showed a significant decrease over the three generations, which was much more significant in the F2 generation DEP treated group as compared to the parental and F1 generation DEP treated rats. Histology of the liver showed remarkably enhanced fatty degeneration in the F2 generation DEP treated rats as compared to parental and F1 generation DEP treated rats. Vacuolations were much more significant in the F1 generation DEP treated rats as compared to the controls and F2 generation DEP treated rats. It can be concluded from this study, that continuous exposure through food, gestation and lactation over three generation's inspite of dose reduction of DEP leads to an enhanced toxic effect in the latter generations.
In metabolomic studies using liquid chromatography mass spectrometry of urine from children with cystic fibrosis (CF), high levels of metabolites of low molecular weight phthalates were found. Phthalate metabolite excretion was explained by therapy with enteric-coated pancreatic enzyme replacements. Phthalate metabolite identity was confirmed by tandem mass spectrometry. Pancreatic insufficient CF children taking Cotazym ECS(), which is formulated with diethyl phthalate (DEP), had urinary metabolites of DEP. Children taking Creon(), which has dibutyl phthalate (DBP), excreted DBP metabolites. The estimated concentrations of free MEP were 2-3 orders of magnitude higher than reported from environmental phthalate exposure. Enteric-coated pancreatic enzymes can expose individuals with CF to incessant, high oral intakes of phthalates. Although adverse effects have neither been shown to be present nor absent, we raise the need to consider that individuals requiring life-long therapy with some current pancreatic enzyme replacements chronically ingest high amounts of phthalates.
Polyvinylchloride (PVC) is used in blood component containers as well as in many other medical devices because it shows optimal inertness, durability, and resistance to heat and chemicals. However, the polymer itself does not provide good handling characteristics or the necessary properties for red blood cell (RBC) survival. PVC thus needs to be plasticized, and di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) has been the most common plasticizer to produce the required flexibility to PVC. However, DEHP has been found to leach out from the containers, causing toxic effects, as demonstrated mainly in rodents. It is considered to be a possible carcinogen and suspected to also produce endocrine effects especially in young males. Although controversial, it is commonly accepted that in vulnerable patients such as newborns, trauma patients, or pregnant women, high exposure to DEHP should be avoided. The replacement of the common PVC + DEHP blood bags poses technical challenges due to the positive influence of the DEHP molecules on the red blood cell (RBC) membrane, and thus it has been shown to affect RBC storage and survival after transfusion. Different approaches are thus being taken to find a suitable alternative to DEHP for blood components bags. Environmentalists even favor the substitution of the PVC to avoid not only the plasticizers but even the other residues contained in the polymer material. Consequently, whereas the simplest solution is the substitution of the DEHP by other plasticizers, alternative plasticizer-free materials are becoming explored. Even modifications of existing materials are being presented by some research groups, ranging from covering of the DEHP-containing materials to alloys or special additive solutions. Different strategies as well as the most promising approaches are presented in this review. In any case, the degree of stabilization of RBCs undergoing prolonged storage will dictate the final acceptance for such alternatives.
Di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) is an endocrine-disrupting chemical that has the potential to affect male reproduction. However, the reproductive effects of low-dose DBP are still not well known, especially at the molecular level. In the present study, pubertal male Sprague-Dawley rats were orally administered DBP at a wide range of doses (0.1, 1.0, 10, 100 and 500 mg kg day) for 30 days. The selected end points included reproductive organ weights, testicular histopathology and serum hormonal levels. Additionally, proteomic analysis was performed to identify proteins that are differentially expressed as a result of exposure to DBP at low doses (0.1, 1.0 and 10 mg kg day). Toxic effects were observed in the high-dose groups, including anomalous development of testes and epididymides, severe atrophy of seminiferous tubules, loss of spermatogenesis and abnormal levels of serum hormones. Treatment with low doses of DBP seemed to exert a 'stimulative effect' on the serum hormones. Proteomics analysis of rat testes showed 20 differentially expressed proteins. Among these proteins, alterations in the expression of HnRNPA2/B1, vimentin and superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1) were further confirmed by Western blot and immunohistochemistry. Taken together, we conclude that high doses of DBP led to testicular toxicity, and low doses of DBP led to changes in the expression of proteins involved in spermatogenesis as well as changes in the number and function of Sertoli and Leydig cells, although no obvious morphological changes appeared. The identification of these differentially expressed proteins provides important information about the mechanisms underlying the effects of DBP on male rat reproduction.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the association of prenatal exposure to bisphenol A and select common phthalates with infant neurobehavior measured at 5 weeks. METHODS: We compared the concentration of maternal urinary metabolites of bisphenol A and phthalates at two distinct time points in pregnancy (16w, 26w) with scores on the NICU Network Neurobehavioral Scale (NNNS) at 5 weeks of age in a cohort of 350 mother/infant pairs. RESULTS: Prenatal exposure to BPA was not significantly associated with neurobehavioral outcomes at 5 weeks. Significant associations between prenatal exposure to measured phthalates and infant neurobehavioral outcomes differed by type of phthalate and were only seen with exposure measured at 26 weeks. Higher total di-butyl phthalate (DBP) metabolites at 26w were associated with improved behavioral organization evidenced by decreased arousal (p=.04), increased self-regulation (p=.052), and decreased handling (p=.02). In males, higher total di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) metabolites at 26w were associated with more nonoptimal reflexes (p=.02). CONCLUSION: The association between prenatal phthalate exposure and infant neurobehavior differed by type of phthalate and was evident only with exposure measured at 26w. Prenatal exposure to DBP was associated with improved behavioral organization in 5-week-old infants. Prenatal exposure to DEHP was associated with nonoptimal reflexes in male infants. There was no evidence of an association between prenatal BPA exposure and infant neurobehavior. 
BACKGROUND: Thawed plasma is typically transfused to supply coagulation factors but factor activity declines during refrigerated storage. Refrigerating thawed plasma for longer than 24 hours could reduce plasma wastage and make plasma more readily available for emergency transfusions. We measured coagulation factor activity and di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) concentration in frozen plasma (FP) thawed and stored at 1 to 6C for up to 5 days. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: FP units prepared using "top-and-bottom" collection sets were thawed, refrigerated, and sampled aseptically at 0, 24, 72, and 120 hours after thawing (n = 54). Clotting factor activities and prothrombin times (PTs) were measured using an automated coagulation factor analyzer. DEHP was measured by high-performance liquid chromatography after hexane extraction (n = 11). Unit sterility was confirmed using an automated microbial detection system. RESULTS: Factor (F)V and FVIII, but not FVII, declined significantly within 24 hours. By Day 5, mean losses were 20, 14, and 41%, in FV, FVII, and FVIII, respectively; fibrinogen activity did not change. PT values were prolonged by 9% on Day 5. Mean DEHP levels increased from 22 ppm at thaw to 66 ppm on Day 5. CONCLUSIONS: The bulk of coagulation factor activity losses during storage occurred in the first 24 hours. Coagulation factor activities remaining in FP after 5 days did not differ from those previously reported in similar products frozen within 24 hours of phlebotomy. While DEHP levels in 5-day-thawed FP are not of concern for adult patients, for infants, DEHP levels can be minimized by using FP refrigerated for no more than 24 hours. 
The exposure of the general population to phthalates is of increasing public health concern. Variations in the internal exposure of the population are likely, because the amounts, distribution and application characters of the phthalate use change over time. Estimating the chronological sequences of the phthalate exposure, we performed a retrospective human biomonitoring study by investigating the metabolites of the five most prominent phthalates in urine. Therefore, 24h-urine samples from the German Environmental Specimen Bank (ESB) collected from 240 subjects (predominantly students, age range 19-29 years, 120 females, 120 males) in the years 2002, 2004, 2006 and 2008 (60 individuals each), were analysed for the concentrations of mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP) as metabolite of di-n-butyl phthalate (DnBP), mono-iso-butyl phthalate (MiBP) as metabolite of di-iso-butyl phthalate (DiBP), mono-benzyl phthalate (MBzP) as metabolite of butylbenzyl phthalate (BBzP), mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (5OH-MEHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (5oxo-MEHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate (5cx-MEPP) and mono-(2-carboxymethyl hexyl) phthalate (2cx-MMHxP) as metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), monohydroxylated (OH-MiNP), monooxidated (oxo-MiNP) and monocarboxylated (cx-MiNP) mono-iso-nonylphthalates as metabolites of di-iso-nonyl phthalates (DiNP). Based on the urinary metabolite excretion, together with results of a previous study, which covered the years 1988-2003, we investigated the chronological sequences of the phthalate exposure over two decades. In more than 98% of the urine samples metabolites of all five phthalates were detectable indicating a ubiquitous exposure of people living in Germany to all five phthalates throughout the period investigated. The medians in samples from the different years investigated are 65.4 (2002), 38.5 (2004), 29.3 (2006) and 19.6 g/l (2008) for MnBP, 31.4 (2002), 25.4 (2004), 31.8 (2006) and 25.5 g/l (2008) for MiBP, 7.8 (2002), 6.3 (2004), 3.6 (2006) and 3.8 g/l (2008) for MBzP, 7.0 (2002), 5.6 (2004), 4.1 (2006) and 3.3 g/l (2008) for MEHP, 19.6 (2002), 16.2 (2004), 13.2 (2006) and 9.6 g/l (2008) for 5OH-MEHP, 13.9 (2002), 11.8 (2004), 8.3 (2006) and 6.4 g/l (2008) for 5oxo-MEHP, 18.7 (2002), 16.5 (2004), 13.8 (2006) and 10.2 g/l (2008) for 5cx-MEPP, 7.2 (2002), 6.5 (2004), 5.1 (2006) and 4.6 g/l (2008) for 2cx-MMHxP, 3.3 (2002), 2.8 (2004), 3.5 (2006) and 3.6 g/l (2008) for OH-MiNP, 2.1 (2002), 2.1 (2004), 2.2 (2006) and 2.3 g/l (2008) for oxo-MiNP and 4.1 (2002), 3.2 (2004), 4.1 (2006) and 3.6 g/l (2008) for cx-MiNP. The investigation of the time series 1988-2008 indicates a decrease of the internal exposure to DnBP by the factor of 7-8 and to DEHP and BzBP by the factor of 2-3. In contrast, an increase of the internal exposure by the factor of 4 was observed for DiNP over the study period. The exposure to DiBP was found to be stable. In summary, we found decreases of the internal human exposure for legally restricted phthalates whereas the exposure to their substitutes increased. Future investigations should verify these trends. This is of increasing importance since the European Commission decided to require ban or authorization from 1.1.2015 for DEHP, DnBP, DiBP and BzBP according to REACh Annex XIV.
BACKGROUND: Research suggests that prenatal phthalate exposures affect child executive function and behavior. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated associations between phthalate metabolite concentrations in maternal prenatal urine and mental, motor, and behavioral development in children at 3 years of age. METHODS: Mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP), monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP), monoisobutyl phthalate (MiBP), and four di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate metabolites were measured in a spot urine sample collected from 319 women during the third trimester. When children were 3 years of age, the Mental Development Index (MDI) and Psychomotor Development Index (PDI) were measured using the Bayley Scales of Infant Development II, and behavior problems were assessed by maternal report on the Child Behavior Checklist. RESULTS: Child PDI scores decreased with increasing loge MnBP [estimated adjusted -coefficient = -2.81; 95% confidence interval (CI): -4.63, -1.0] and loge MiBP ( = -2.28; 95% CI: -3.90, -0.67); odds of motor delay increased significantly [per loge MnBP: estimated adjusted odds ratio (OR) = 1.64; 95% CI: 1.10, 2.44; per loge MiBP: adjusted OR =1.82; 95% CI: 1.24, 2.66]. In girls, MDI scores decreased with increasing loge MnBP ( = -2.67; 95% CI: -4.70, -0.65); the child sex difference in odds of mental delay was significant (p = 0.037). The ORs for clinically withdrawn behavior were 2.23 (95% CI: 1.27, 3.92) and 1.57 (95% CI: 1.07, 2.31) per loge unit increase in MnBP and MBzP, respectively; for clinically internalizing behaviors, the OR was 1.43 (95% CI: 1.01, 1.90) per loge unit increase in MBzP. Significant child sex differences were seen in associations between MnBP and MBzP and behaviors in internalizing domains (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Certain prenatal phthalate exposures may decrease child mental and motor development and increase internalizing behaviors. 
BACKGROUND: Data concerning the effects of prenatal exposures to phthalates and phenols on fetal growth are limited in humans. Previous findings suggest possible effects of some phenols on male birth weight. OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to assess the relationships between prenatal exposures to phthalates and phenols and fetal growth among male newborns. METHODS: We conducted a case-control study on male malformations of the genitalia nested in two French mother-child cohorts with recruitment between 2002 and 2006. We measured, in maternal urinary samples collected between 6 and 30 gestational weeks, the concentrations (micrograms per liter) of 9 phenol (n = 191 pregnant women) and 11 phthalate metabolites (n = 287). Weight, length, and head circumference at birth were collected from maternity records. Statistical analyses were corrected for the oversampling of malformation cases. RESULTS: Adjusted birth weight decreased by 77 g [95% confidence interval (CI): -129, -25] and by 49 g (95% CI: -86, -13) in association with a 1-unit increase in ln-transformed 2,4-dichlorophenol (DCP) and 2,5-DCP urinary concentrations, respectively. Benzophenone-3 (BP3) ln-transformed concentrations were positively associated with weight (26 g; 95% CI: -2, 54) and head circumference at birth (0.1 cm; 95% CI: 0.0, 0.2). Head circumference increased by 0.3 cm (95% CI: 0.0, 0.7) in association with a 1-unit increase in ln-transformed BPA concentration. For phthalate metabolites there was no evidence of monotonic associations with birth weight. CONCLUSIONS: Consistent with findings of a previous study, we observed evidence of an inverse association of 2,5-DCP and a positive association of BP3 with male birth weight. 
The plastic manufacture compounds, bisphenol A (BPA) and phthalates, are ubiquitous and have therefore been detected in virtually all types of analyzed human samples. The aim of this study was: (1) to investigate concentrations of serum levels of BPA and phthalate metabolites in seniors residing in the city of Uppsala, Sweden (2) to evaluate gender differences in relation to serum levels of BPA and phthalate metabolites in the subjects. In the population-based Prospective Investigation of the Vasculature in Uppsala Seniors (PIVUS), encompassing 1016 subjects, all aged 70, serum levels of BPA and phthalate metabolites were measured by Isotope Dilution-High Performance Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry. BPA and four out of ten phthalate metabolites, namely, Monoisobutyl phthalate (MiBP), Monomethyl phthalate (MMP), Monoethyl phthalate (MEP), Mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), were detectable in almost all subjects. Of the remaining phthalate metabolites, Monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP), Mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MeHHP), and Mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP) were seen in some 300-700 of the subjects, whereas Monoisononyl phthalate (MINP) and Mono-n-octyl phthalate (MOP) were found in only a few and Monocyclohexyl phthalate (MCHP) was not detected in any subject. Neither the circulation levels of BPA nor those of phthalate metabolites differ between the genders in this elderly population of residents in Uppsala, Sweden.
Phthalates are used ubiquitously and human exposure is widespread. Some phthalates are anti-androgens and have to be regarded as reproductive and developmental toxicants. In the Duisburg birth cohort study we examine the associations between hormonally active environmental agents and child development. Here we report the concentrations of 21 primary and secondary phthalate metabolites from seven low molecular weight (LMW) phthalates (DMP, DEP, BBzP, DiBP, DnBP, DCHP, DnPeP) and five high-molecular weight (HMW) phthalates (DEHP, DiNP, DiDP, DPHP, DnOP) in 208 urine samples from 104 mothers and their school-aged children. Analysis was performed by multidimensional liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry (LC/LC-MS/MS), using internal isotope-labeled standards. In both children and mothers, 18 out of 21 phthalate metabolites were detected above the limits of quantification (between 0.2 and 1.0 g/l) in nearly all urine samples. Among the LMW phthalates, the excretion level (geometric mean) of the DiBP metabolites was most prominent in children (103.9 g/l), followed by DnBP (56.5 g/l), and MEP (39.1 g/l). In mothers DiBP (66.6 g/l) was highest, followed by MEP (50.5 g/l), and DnBP (36.0 g/l). Among the HMW phthalates, DEHP was highest in children and mothers (55.7/28.9 g/l). Compared to reference values derived from the German Human Biomonitoring Commission, children's metabolite concentrations were within background levels, whereas for mothers considerably higher exposure to the LMW phthalates DnBP and DiBP, and the HMW phthalate DEHP was detected (MiBP: 10.7%; MnBP: 11.7%; DEHP: 23.3% of the samples were above the reference values). The LMW metabolites from DMP, DiBP, and DnBP, and the HMW metabolites from DEHP and DiNP were correlated between the mothers and children, probably indicating shared exposure in the immediate surrounding environment. Children showed higher excretion levels for most of the secondary metabolites than mothers, confirming previous findings on higher oxidized metabolite levels in children. The LMW metabolites DiBP, DnBP, and MMP, and the HMW metabolites DEHP were negatively associated with children's age. The LMW metabolites DiBP, DnBP, and MBzP were inversely associated with body mass index of the children. The LMW DiBP metabolites revealed a significant association with nicotine metabolites in urine from both children and mothers. Further analyses are ongoing to study long-term phthalate exposure and the associations with puberty outcome in these children.
UNLABELLED:  The associated risk of phthalate exposure, both parent compounds in the home and their metabolites in urine, to childhood allergic and respiratory morbidity, after adjusting for exposures of indoor pollutants, especially bioaerosols, was comprehensively assessed. Levels of five phthalates in settled dust from the homes of 101 children (3-9 years old) were measured, along with their corresponding urinary metabolites. Other environmental risk factors, including indoor CO2, PM2.5, formaldehyde, 1,3--D-glucan, endotoxin, allergen and fungal levels, were concomitantly examined. Subject's health status was verified by pediatricians, and parents recorded observed daily symptoms of their children for the week that the home investigation visit took place. Significantly increased level of benzylbutyl phthalate, in settled dust, was associated with test case subjects (allergic or asthmatic children). Higher levels of dibutyl phthalate and its metabolites, mono-n-butyl phthalate, and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate were found to be the potential risk factors for the health outcomes of interest. Similarly, indoor fungal exposure remained a significant risk factor, especially for reported respiratory symptoms. The relative contribution from exposure to phthalates and indoor biocontaminants in childhood allergic and respiratory morbidity is, for the first time, quantitatively assessed and characterized. PRACTICAL IMPLICATIONS: For asthmatic and allergic children living in subtropical and highly developed environments like homes in Taiwan, controlling environmental exposure of phthalates may be viewed as equally important as avoiding indoor microbial burdens, for the management of allergy-related diseases. It is also recognized that multidisciplinary efforts will be critical in realizing the true underlying mechanisms associated with these observations. 
Di-isononyl phthalate esters (DINPs) are endocrine-disrupting chemicals and have replaced di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) as the major plasticizer for poly(vinyl chloride) (PVC) products in recent years. Exposure marker discovery of DINPs is crucial, because of their high potential for human exposure and toxicity. Here, we propose an alternative approach for tracing signals derived from stable isotope-labeled precursors with varied labeling ratios to efficiently filter probable metabolite signals. The statistical process, which involves a signal mining algorithm with isotope tracing (SMAIT), has effectively filtered 13 probable DINP metabolite signals out of the 8867 peaks in the LC-MS data obtained from incubated stable isotope-labeled precursors with liver enzymes. Seven of the 13 probable metabolite signals were confirmed as DINP structure-related metabolites by preliminary MS/MS analyses. These 7 structure-related metabolite signals were validated as effective DINP exposure markers, using urine samples collected from DINP-administered rats without time-consuming comprehensive structure identification. We propose that the 7 identified possible DINP metabolite signals of m/z 279.1, 293.1, 305.1, 307.1, 321.1, 365.1, and 375.1 are potential markers for DINP exposure and should be investigated further. The integrated approach described here can efficiently, and systematically, filter probable metabolite signals from a complex LC-MS dataset for toxic exposure marker discovery. It is a relatively low-cost/rapid workflow for exposure marker discovery.
The objectives of this study were to investigate the dysplasia, histological malformations, and genetic abnormalities in male rats induced by maternal exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP). Here we report novel findings concerning developmental abnormalities resulting from prenatal exposure to DBP, which leads to significant anorectal malformations (ARMs) in male rat offspring. The incidence of ARMs was 39.5% in male offspring and all abnormal pups were complicated with secondary megacolon. General images, histological analysis and anatomy examination confirmed the malformation. The development abnormalities such as decreased bodyweight (BW) and anogenital distance (AGD), shortened body lengths (with tail removed), as well as increased abdominal circumference were observed at different developmental stages of ARMs in male rat. The developmental abnormalities in both solid organs (brain, heart, liver, spleen, lung and kidney) and reproductive organs (testes and epididymis) of abnormal pubs on PND35 were also investigated. In addition, the serum testosterone (T) level of ARMs in male rats on PND1 was significantly lower than that of controls with accompanying reduced expression of androgen receptor (AR), sonic hedgehog (Shh) and bone morphogenetic protein 4 (Bmp4) mRNA from tissues of the terminal rectum. These results conclusively demonstrate for the first time that in utero exposure to DBP leads to an increased likelihood for the development of ARMs and subsequent complicating megacolon in male rat offspring.
The pharmacokinetics, metabolism and excretion of monoethyl phthalate (MEP) and diethyl phthalate (DEP) were compared after intravenous or oral administration of [(14)C]MEP or [(14)C]DEP in juvenile beagle dogs. Four male juvenile beagle dogs were treated with a single oral or bolus intravenous dose of either [(14)C]MEP or [(14)C]DEP (164 g/kg).        The absorption, metabolism, excretion and pharmacokinetics of [(14)C]MEP and [(14)C]DEP were nearly identical. [(14)C]DEP was rapidly and nearly completely metabolized to [(14)C]MEP following either intravenous or oral administration. [(14)C]MEP and[(14)C]DEP were rapidly absorbed, the elimination half-life was estimated to be 1 hour. Approximately 90%-96% of the dose was excreted in urine with 2%-3% of the dose in faeces. MEP accounted for the majority of the dose in plasma and urine; in addition, three minor metabolites (M1, M2 and M3) were detected. The minor metabolites were neither phthalic acid nor glucuronide/sulfate conjugates.        The nearly identical metabolism and pharmacokinetics of MEP and DEP in juvenile dogs justifies the use of DEP toxicity data in the risk assessment of MEP exposure.
Phthalate exposure has been associated with a wide range of adverse health outcomes in limited epidemiologic studies, and inflammation and oxidative stress have been hypothesized as potential mechanisms involved. In the present study we investigated associations between urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites and potential blood markers of oxidative stress (bilirubin) and inflammation (alkaline phosphatase [ALP], absolute neutrophil count [ANC], ferritin [adjusted for iron status], and fibrinogen), using data from 10,026 participants in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) recruited between 1999 and 2006. After adjustment for covariates we found that bilirubin was inversely associated with several phthalate metabolites (all p-values <0.0001), including the metabolites of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) and dibutyl phthalate (DBP), in addition to monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP) and mono-(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate (MCPP). Since bilirubin is a potent antioxidant these relationships suggest that phthalates may be associated with increased oxidative stress. Many of the same metabolites were also significantly and positively related with ANC, ALP, and ferritin, suggesting phthalates may be associated with increased inflammation. These markers may be useful in other studies of low-dose exposure to environmental contaminants.
BACKGROUND: Animal studies indicate that some phthalate metabolites may harm female reproductive function. OBJECTIVES: We assessed the associations between exposure to phthalate metabolites and pregnancy loss. METHODS: Using a previously established cohort of couples planning their first pregnancy, we analyzed four primary and two oxidized secondary phthalate metabolites in urine samples collected on day 10 after the first day of the last menstrual period before conception occurred (n = 128) and during the previous cycle (if any, n = 111). Subclinical embryonal loss was identified by repeated measurement of urinary human chorionic gonadotropin, and information on clinical spontaneous abortions was obtained by telephone interview with the mother. RESULTS: Pregnancy loss (n = 48) was increased among women with urinary concentration of monoethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP) in the upper tertile in the conception sample compared with women in the lowest tertile [adjusted odds ratio (OR) = 2.9; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.1, 7.6]. The corresponding OR for subclinical embryonal loss (n = 32) was 40.7 (95% CI: 4.5, 369.5). CONCLUSIONS: The phthalate metabolite MEHP was associated with higher occurrence of pregnancy loss. Because this is the first human study to show this association and the sample size is small, the findings need to be corroborated in independent studies. 
To indicate homologous or autologous blood transfusion in sports drug testing, quantification of increased urinary concentrations of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) metabolites presents a promising approach; however, the possible intra-individual variation of the metabolite concentrations over time has not been well characterized. The aim of this study was to explore the intra-individual variability of urinary DEHP metabolites among seven volunteers without special occupational exposure to DEHP during one week (n = 253) in order to investigate the possibility of increased urinary concentrations of the metabolites caused by, for example, residential, dietary, or environmental exposure. Quantification of three DEHP metabolites--mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate, and mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate--was accomplished after enzymatic hydrolysis of urinary glucuronide conjugates and direct injection using isotope-dilution liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Although urinary concentrations of DEHP metabolites showed considerable intra-individual variation, no increased values were observed comparable to the concentrations measured in urine specimens collected after blood transfusion.
This study investigated the effect of pre and perinatal exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) on the neuroendocrine parameters that regulate reproduction in prepubertal male and female rats. DEHP at doses of 3 and 30mg/kgbw/day was administered orally in the drinking water to dam rats since pregnancy onset until the moment of pups sacrifice at 15 days of age. In these animals gonadotropin serum level and the hypothalamic contents of the amino acids aspartate, glutamate and gamma-aminobutyric acid were determined. No changes in gonadotropin levels and amino acid neurotransmitters were detected at the low dose in both sexes. However, DEHP administered at high dose (30mg/kgbw/day) to dams produced a significant decrease in the inhibitory neurotransmitter GABA and an increase in the stimulatory neurotransmitter aspartate in prepubertal male offspring rats. These modifications were accompanied by gonadotropin serum levels increase. On the contrary, in treated female rats this chemical increased both, aspartate and GABA, which exert a characteristic stimulatory action on gonadotropin in 15-day-old normal females. This study provides new data about changes produced by DEHP on the hypothalamic amino acid neurotransmitters involved in the neuroendocrine reproductive regulation, in prepubertal male and female rat offspring from dams exposed during gestational and lactational periods. These alterations induced by DEHP exposure could be related to the gonadotropin modifications also described in this work, and with changes in the production of sexual hormones previously reported by other authors.
The widespread use of phthalates results in human exposure: phthalates are rapidly metabolized to their respective monoesters and other oxidative products, which are glucuronidated and excreted through the urine and feces. Several in vivo studies showed that some phthalates, in particular diethyl-hexyl phthalate (DEHP), diethyl phthalate (DEP), di(n-butyl)phthalate (DnBP) and n-butylbenzylphthalate (BBzP), are able to interact with the human endocrine system, interfering with the reproduction ability. In this study, 56 couples were recruited from a centre of assisted reproduction. Spot urine samples were collected and five urinary metabolites of the above phthalates were determined using an HPLC/MS/MS analytical method with isotopic dilution. The results were compared with those of 56 couples of parents of one or more children and the statistical analysis revealed a significant difference between the two groups in terms of urinary concentrations of phthalates metabolites. A further step will be the correlation of these results with information on the life styles and working conditions collected through a specifically designed questionnaire.
As endocrine-disrupting chemicals, a few frequently used phthalate plasticizers were banned or restricted for use as additives in food in some countries. The interaction mechanisms between three phthalate plasticizers with human serum albumin (HSA) were studied by fluorescence (quenching, synchronous, and three-dimensional), UV-vis absorption, circular dichroism (CD), and Fourier transform infrared (FT-IR) spectroscopy, in combination with molecular modeling under simulative physiological conditions, respectively. The results obtained from fluorescence quenching data revealed that the plasticizers-HSA interaction altered the conformational strcture of HSA. Meanwhile, the alterations of HSA secondary structure in the presence of phthalate plasticizers were investigated. The binding distances for the plasticizers-HSA system were provided by the efficiency of fluorescence resonance energy transfer. Furthermore, the thermodynamic analysis implied that hydrophobic forces were the main interaction for the plasticizers-HSA system, which agreed well with the results from the molecular modeling study.
OBJECTIVE: To examine prospectively associations between urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations and body size measures in children. METHODS: Urinary concentrations of nine phthalate metabolites: monoethyl (MEP); mono-n-butyl (MBP); mono-(3-carboxypropyl) (MCPP); monobenzyl (MBzP); mono-isobutyl (MiBP); mono-(2-ethylhexyl) (MEHP); mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) (MEOHP); mono-(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) (MECPP); and mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP) and the molar sum of the low molecular-weight phthalate metabolites (low MWP: MEP, MBP and MiBP) and high molecular-weight phthalate metabolites (high MWP: MECPP, MEHHP, MEOHP, MEHP and MBzP) and of four di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) metabolites (DEHP: MEHP, MEHHP, MEOHP, MECPP) and anthropometry, including body mass index and waist circumference were measured among 387 Hispanic and Black, New York City children who were between six and eight years at cohort enrollment (2004-2007). Relationships between baseline metabolite concentrations and body size characteristics obtained one year later were examined using multivariate-adjusted geometric means for each body size characteristic by continuous and categories of phthalate metabolite concentrations. Stratified analyses by body size (age/sex specific) were conducted. RESULTS: No significant associations are reported among all girls or boys. Dose response relationships were seen with monoethyl phthalate and the sum of low molecular-weight phthalates and body mass index and waist circumference among overweight children; for increasing monoethyl phthalate concentration quartiles among girls, adjusted mean body mass indexes were as follows: 21.3, 21.7, 23.8, 23.5 and adjusted mean waist circumference (cm) were as follows: 73.4, 73.5, 79.2, 78.8 (p-trend<0.001 for both). CONCLUSION: In this prospective analysis we identified positive relationships between urinary concentrations of monoethyl phthalate and the sum of low molecular-weight phthalates and body size measures in overweight children. These are metabolites with concentrations above 1 M. 
CONTEXT: Phthalates are ubiquitous environmental chemicals. Fetal exposure to certain phthalates [e.g. di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP)] causes masculinization disorders in rats, raising concern for similar effects in humans. We investigated whether DBP exposure impairs steroidogenesis by the human fetal testis. OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to determine effects of DBP exposure on testosterone production by normally growing human fetal testis xenografts. DESIGN: Human fetal testes (14-20 wk gestation; n=12) were xenografted into castrate male nude mice that were treated for 4-21 d with vehicle, or 500 mg/kgd DBP, or monobutyl phthalate (active metabolite of DBP); all mice were treated with human chorionic gonadotropin to mimic normal human pregnancy. Rat fetal testis xenografts were exposed for 4 d to DBP as a positive control. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Testosterone production was assessed by measuring host serum testosterone and seminal vesicle (SV) weights at termination, plus testis gene expression (rats). RESULTS: Human fetal testis xenografts showed similar survival (80%) and total graft weight (8.6 vs. 10.1 mg) in vehicle and DBP-exposed hosts, respectively. Serum testosterone (0.56 vs. 0.64 ng/ml; P>0.05) and SV weight (67.2 vs. 81.9 mg; P>0.05) also did not differ. Exposure to monobutyl phthalate gave similar results. In contrast, exposure of rat fetal xenografts to DBP significantly reduced SV weight and testis Cyp11a1/StAR mRNA expression and lowered testosterone levels, confirming that DBP exposure can inhibit steroidogenesis in xenografts, further validating the negative findings on testosterone production in the human. CONCLUSIONS: Exposure of human fetal testes to DBP is unlikely to impair testosterone production as it does in rats. This has important safety and regulatory implications. 
Phthalates and bisphenol A have very widespread use leading to significant exposure of humans. They are suspected to interfere with the endocrine system, including the androgen, estrogen and the thyroid hormone system. Here we analyzed the antiandrogenic activity of six binary, and one ternary mixture of phthalates exhibiting complete antiandrogenic dose-response curves, and binary mixtures of phthalates and bisphenol A at equi-effective concentrations of EC(10), EC(25) and EC(50) in MDA-kb2 cells. Mixture activity followed the concentration addition (CA) model with a tendency to synergism at high and antagonism at low concentrations. Isoboles and the toxic unit approach (TUA) confirmed the additive to synergistic activity of the binary mixtures BBP+DBP, DBP+DEP and DEP+BPA at high concentrations. Both methods indicate a tendency to antagonism for the EC(10) mixtures BBP+DBP, BBP+DEP and DBP+DEP, and the EC(25) mixture of DBP+BPA. A ternary mixture revealed synergism at the EC(50), and weak antagonistic activity at the EC(25) level by the TUA. A mixture of five phthalates representing a human urine composition and reflecting exposure to corresponding parent compounds showed no antiandrogenic activity. Our study demonstrates that CA is an appropriate concept to account for mixture effects of antiandrogenic phthalates and bisphenol A. The interaction indicates a departure from additivity to antagonism at low concentrations, probably due to interaction with the androgen receptor and/or cofactors. This study emphasizes that a risk assessment of phthalates should account for mixture effects by applying the CA concept.
Di-isononyl phthalate (DINP) is a high molecular weight general purpose plasticizer used principally in the manufacture of flexible polyvinyl chloride (PVC) articles. DINP metabolites can be measured in biological media such as blood and urine. However, measurement of a substance in the blood or urine does not by itself mean that the chemical causes or is associated with adverse health outcomes. This is particularly pertinent given the advances in modern analytical techniques whereby ever diminishing trace amounts of substances can be detected. Therefore, it is a scientific necessity that risk assessors understand the relationship of biomonitoring data to estimation of exposure so that appropriate comparisons can be made to the no observed adverse effects levels (NOAELs) or other points of departure from toxicological studies in animals. In this paper, estimates of daily DINP intake are calculated for various population segments based on urinary biomonitoring data and are compared to estimates of exposure based on indirect methods and to health-based exposure guidance values. In general, intake estimates converge on a mean of 1-2g/kg/day regardless of source of exposure or population cluster; a value 2-orders of magnitude lower than health-based exposure guidance values, ranging from 120 to 290g/kg/day, which have been established by regulatory authorities and other authoritative bodies as representing acceptable levels.
Di(isononyl)cyclohexane-1,2-dicarboxylate (DINCH) is used as an alternative for some phthalate plasticizers. In rats, DINCH mostly eliminates in feces as cyclohexane-1,2-dicarboxylic acid (CHDA), mono isononyl ester (MINCH) or in urine as CHDA. However, CHDA is not a specific biomarker of DINCH and measuring MINCH in feces is impractical. To identify additional potential biomarkers, we administered DINCH (500mg/kg body weight) in a single subcutaneous (SC) or oral dose to four adult female Sprague-Dawley rats. We collected 24-h urine samples before dosing (to be used as controls) and 24-h and 48-h after dosing, and serum at necropsy after 48h. We positively identified and accurately quantified CHDA and cyclohexane-1,2-dicarboxylic [corrected] acid, mono hydroxyisononyl ester (MHNCH) using authentic standards. Moreover, we tentatively identified MINCH and 12 oxidative metabolites, including 4 cyclohexane ring oxidation products, based on their mass spectrometric-fragmentation patterns. CHDA and MHNCH levels were higher in the urine collected 24h after oral than SC administration. By contrast, 48-h after dosing, CHDA urinary levels were similar regardless of the exposure route. We detected all but two of the urine metabolites also in serum. Levels of CHDA and MHNCH in serum were lower than in the two post-dose urine collections. Our results suggest that several urinary oxidative metabolites, specifically CHDA, mono oxoisononyl ester and MHNCH may be used as specific biomarkers of DINCH exposure in humans.
BACKGROUND: Gestational phthalate and bisphenol A (BPA) exposure may increase the risk of adverse maternal/child health outcomes, but there are few data on the variability of urinary biomarkers before and during pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: We characterized the variability of urinary phthalate metabolite and BPA concentrations before and during pregnancy and the ability of a single spot urine sample to classify average gestational exposure. METHODS: We collected 1,001 urine samples before and during pregnancy from 137 women who were partners in couples attending a Boston fertility clinic and who had a live birth. Women provided spot urine samples before (n  2) and during (n  2) pregnancy. We measured urinary concentrations of monoethyl phthalate (MEP), mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP), mono-iso-butyl phthalate, monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP), four metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), and BPA. After adjusting for specific gravity, we characterized biomarker variability using intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) and conducted several surrogate category analyses to determine whether a single spot urine sample could adequately classify average gestational exposure. RESULTS: Absolute concentrations of phthalate metabolites and BPA were similar before and during pregnancy. Variability was higher during pregnancy than before pregnancy for BPA and MBzP, but similar during and before pregnancy for MBP, MEP, and DEHP. During pregnancy, MEP (ICC = 0.50) and MBP (ICC = 0.45) were less variable than BPA (ICC = 0.12), MBzP (ICC = 0.25), and DEHP metabolites (ICC = 0.08). Surrogate analyses suggested that a single spot urine sample may reasonably classify MEP and MBP concentrations during pregnancy, but more than one sample may be necessary for MBzP, DEHP, and BPA. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary phthalate metabolites and BPA concentrations were variable before and during pregnancy, but the magnitude of variability was biomarker specific. A single spot urine sample adequately classified MBP and MEP concentrations during pregnancy. The present results may be related to unique features of the women studied, and replication in other pregnancy cohorts is recommended. 
Fibroblast growth factor 8 (FGF8) is an androgen-induced growth factor (AIGF) that is crucial for embryonic development. This study was developed to investigate the role of FGF8 in developmental abnormalities of the genital tubercle (GT) in hypospadiac male rats when prenatally exposed to di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP). DBP was administered to timed-pregnant rats to establish the hypospadiac rat model where the incidence of hypospadias in male offspring was 43.6%. On postnatal day (PND) 7, decreased mRNA and protein expression levels for androgen receptor (AR) and FGF8 were observed in the GT of hypospadiac rats. Decreased serum testosterone (T) levels were observed in groups displaying hypospadias, which was confirmed using histological analysis. Further anatomical examination using digital photography helped to reveal visualized expression of dysplasia in organs strongly associated with hypospadias. In addition, changes in body weight (BW) and anogenital distance (AGD) were recorded, showing definitive decreases. Collectively, these data clearly demonstrate an interaction between androgen and FGF8, which might play an important role in the occurrence of hypospadias and abnormal organ development induced by DBP.
Several chemicals that are used by humans, such as pesticides and plastics, are released into the aquatic environment through wastewater and runoff and have been shown to be potent disruptors of androgen synthesis at high concentrations. Although many of these chemicals have been studied in isolation, a large amount of uncertainty remains over how fish respond to low concentrations of anti-androgenic mixtures, which more accurately reflects how such chemicals are present in the aquatic environment. In this study male fathead minnows (FHM) (Pimephales promelas) were exposed to environmentally relevant concentrations of two anti-androgens, the herbicide linuron, and the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) individually and as part of a mixture of the two for a 28-day period. At the end of this period there was a reduction in plasma testosterone (T) concentrations in male FHM exposed to the mixture, but not in FHM exposed individually to linuron or DEHP or the control FHM. There was also a significant reduction in 17-estradiol (E2) in the DEHP-only and mixture exposed groups as compared to the control. Contrary to what has been previously published for these two chemicals in mammals, the lower plasma T concentrations in male FHM exposed to the mixture was not a result of the inhibition of genes involved in steroidogenesis; nor due to an increase in the expression of genes associated with peroxisome proliferation. Rather, an increase in relative transcript abundance for CYP3A4 in the liver and androgen- and estrogen-specific SULT2A1 and SULT1st2 in the testes provides evidence that the decrease in plasma T and E2 may be linked to increased steroid catabolism. Feedback from the pituitary is not repressed as the relative expression of follicle stimulating hormone -subunit mRNA transcript levels in the brain was significantly higher in both DEHP and mixture exposed FHM. In addition, luteinizing hormone -subunit mRNA transcript levels increased but were not significant in the mixture as compared to the control. Hormone receptor mRNA transcript levels in the liver and testes were not significantly different across all four exposure groups. This study highlights the importance of assessing environmentally relevant concentrations of mixtures when determining risk to aquatic organisms.
Human risk assessment of chemicals is traditionally presented as the ratio between the actual level of exposure and an acceptable level of exposure, with the acceptable level of exposure most often being estimated by appropriate authorities. This approach is generally sound when assessing the risk of individual chemicals. However, several chemicals may concurrently target the same receptor, work through the same mechanism or in other ways induce the same effect(s) in the body. In these cases, cumulative risk assessment should be applied. The present study uses biomonitoring data from 129 Danish children and adolescents and resulting estimated daily intakes of four different phthalates. These daily intake estimates are used for a cumulative risk assessment with anti-androgenic effects as the endpoint using Tolerable Daily Intake (TDI) values determined by the European Food Safety Authorities (EFSA) or Reference Doses for Anti-Androgenicity (RfD AA) determined by Kortenkamp and Faust [Int J Androl 33 (2010) 463] as acceptable levels of exposure. United States Environmental Protection Agency Reference Doses (US EPA RfD) could not be used as none of them identifies anti-androgenic effects as the most sensitive endpoint for the phthalates included in this article. Using the EFSA TDI values, 12 children exceeded the hazard quotient for the sum of di-n-butyl phthalate and di-iso-butyl phthalate (DBP((i+n))) and one child exceeded the hazard quotient for di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP). Nineteen children exceeded the cumulated hazard index for three phthalates. Using the RfD AA values, one child exceeded the hazard quotient for DEHP and the same child exceeded the cumulated hazard index for four phthalates. The EFSA TDI approach thus is more restrictive and identifies DBP((i+n)) as the compound(s) associated with the greatest risk, while DEHP is the compound associated with the greatest risk when using the RfD AA approach.
In this study, to examine the mechanism of diethyl phthalate toxicity to cells, the effects of diethyl phthalate on apoptosis in a PC12 cell system were investigated by assaying apoptotic factors such as caspase-3, Bax, cytochrome c and DNA damage. Diethyl phthalate was shown to enhance the apoptosis induced by serum deprivation according to the results of DNA electrophoresis and TUNEL signal assays, although it could not induce apoptosis itself in the cells. This enhancement was thought to be because of an increase in caspase-3-like activity. In addition, the expression of bax and contents of cytochrome c in the cytosol showed a tendency to increase the cells exposed to diethyl phthalate. These results indicated that diethyl phthalate, a potential endocrine disrupter, affects the apoptotic system in PC12 cells. Diethyl phthalate may enhance oxidative stress such as that induced by reactive oxygen species in PC12 cells.
Most epidemiology studies investigating the potential adverse health effects in relation to phthalates measure the urinary concentration of the free plus glucuronidated species of phthalate metabolites (i.e., total concentration) to estimate exposure. However, the free species may represent the biologically relevant dose. In this study, we collected 943 urine samples from 112 men and 157 women and assessed the between- and within-person variability and predictors of (1) the free and total urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites, and (2) the percentage of free phthalate metabolites (a potential phenotypic indicator of individual susceptibility). We also explored the proportion of urinary di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) metabolites contributed to by the bioactive mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP), considered a possible indicator of susceptibility to phthalate exposure. The percentage of phthalate metabolites present in the free form was less stable over time than the total metabolite concentration, and, therefore, it is not likely a useful indicator of metabolic susceptibility. Thus, the added costs and effort involved in the measurement of free in addition to total metabolite concentrations in large-scale studies may not be justified. Conversely, the proportion of DEHP metabolites contributed to by MEHP was more stable within individuals over time and may be a promising indicator of susceptibility if time of day of sample collection is carefully considered.
Studies have pointed out associations between various chemicals with estrogenic activity and cardiovascular disease. Being ubiquitous, the plastic additive substances bisphenol A (BPA), and phthalates have been detected in almost all types of analyzed human samples. The aim of this study was to investigate whether circulating levels of BPA and/or four selected phthalate metabolites are associated to coronary risk in an elderly population. In the Prospective Investigation of the Vasculature in Uppsala Seniors (PIVUS) study, coronary risk was assessed by the Framingham Risk Score (FRS) together with circulating serum levels of BPA and the four phthalate metabolites monoisobutyl phthalate (MiBP), monomethyl phthalate (MMP), monoethyl phthalate (MEP), mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) in 1016 subjects aged 70 years. BPA, MEHP, and MMP were associated to LDL-cholesterol and MEHP to HDL-cholesterol, MEP to diastolic blood pressure and MiBP to fasting glucose when the compounds were investigated one by one. After Bonferronni correction, only the relations for MMP to LDL-cholesterol (p<0.0001), MEP to diastolic blood pressure (p<0.0002), and MiBP to fasting glucose (p<0.0001) remained significant. MMP was associated to the FRS (p=0.02), but after Bonferronni correction, this association was not significant. In conclusion, associations were found between MMP and LDL-cholesterol, MEP and diastolic blood pressure, and MiBP and fasting glucose. We did not observe any strong associations between BPA nor any of the four phthalate metabolites and Framingham Risk Score in this elderly population.
Phthalates are a group of chemicals present in numerous consumer products. They have anti-androgenic properties in experimental studies and are suspected to be involved in human male reproductive health problems. A few studies have shown associations between phthalate exposure and changes in pubertal timing among girls, although controversies exist. We determined the concentration of 12 phthalate metabolites in first morning urine samples from 725 healthy Danish girls (aged 5.6-19.1 years) in relation to age, pubertal development (breast and pubic hair stage) and reproductive hormone levels (luteinizing hormone, oestradiol and testosterone). Furthermore, urinary phthalates were determined in 25 girls with precocious puberty (PP). In general, the youngest girls with less advanced pubertal development had the highest first morning urinary concentration of the monobutyl phthalate isoforms (MBP((i+n))), monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP), metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHPm) and of di-iso-nonyl phthalate (DINPm). After stratification of the urinary phthalate excretion into quartiles, we found that the age at pubarche was increasing with increasing phthalate metabolite quartiles (except for MEP). This trend was statistically significant when all phthalate metabolites (except MEP) were summarized and expressed as quartiles. No association between phthalates and breast development was observed. In addition, there were no differences in urinary phthalate metabolite levels between girls with PP and controls. We demonstrated that delayed pubarche, but not thelarche, was associated with high phthalate excretion in urine samples from 725 healthy school girls, which may suggest anti-androgenic actions of phthalates in our study group of girls.
INTRODUCTION: Relatively little is known about the socioeconomic correlates of phthalate metabolite urine concentrations among the general population, exposures of increasing public health concern, particularly for women of reproductive age. METHODS: We pooled data from the 2001-2008 cycles of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey to examine the associations between phthalate metabolite concentrations (including the molar sum of four di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) metabolites, the molar sum of two dibutyl phthalate (DBP) metabolites, and metabolites of benzylbutyl phthalate (BzBP) and diethyl phthalate (DEP)) with socioeconomic indicators (including ethnicity, education, income, and food security status) among women 20 to 39 years age. We also derived a socioeconomic status summary measure using factor analysis and investigated its associations with metabolite concentrations. RESULTS: In fully adjusted models, the lowest quartile of overall socioeconomic status was associated with 1.83 (95% CI=1.54-2.17) times the concentrations of mono-benzyl phthalate (MBzP), and 0.72 (95% CI=0.54-0.98) times the concentrations of (molar sum) DEHP metabolites compared with the highest quartile of overall socioeconomic status. This latter association was driven primarily by educational attainment. All Non-White ethnicities combined had 1.24 (95% CI=1.09-1.40) times the concentrations of (molar sum) DBP metabolites, 1.32 (95% CI=1.12-1.56) times the mono-ethyl phthalate (MEP) concentrations, and 0.82 (95% CI=0.71-0.96) the concentrations of MBzP of Non-Hispanic Whites. CONCLUSIONS: Biomarkers of phthalate exposure vary with socioeconomic factors in women of reproductive age in the United States. Given the public health concern surrounding phthalate exposure, more research is needed to elucidate the reasons for these differences. 
BACKGROUND: Phthalates, commonly used to soften plastic goods, are known PPAR-agonists affecting lipid metabolism and adipocytes in the experimental setting. We evaluated if circulating concentrations of phthalates were related to different indices of obesity using data from the Prospective Investigation of the Vasculature in Uppsala Seniors (PIVUS) study. Data from both dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) and abdominal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) were used. METHODS: 1,016 subjects aged 70 years were investigated in the PIVUS study. Four phthalate metabolites were detected in the serum of almost all subjects (> 96%) by an API 4000 liquid chromatograph/tandem mass spectrometer. Abdominal MRI was performed in a representative subsample of 287 subjects (28%), and a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA)-scan was obtained in 890 (88%) of the subjects two year following the phthalate measurements. RESULTS: In women, circulating concentrations of mono-isobutyl phthalate (MiBP) were positively related to waist circumference, total fat mass and trunk fat mass by DXA, as well as to subcutaneous adipose tissue by MRI following adjustment for serum cholesterol and triglycerides, education, smoking and exercise habits (all p < 0.008). Mono-methyl phthalate (MMP) concentrations were related to trunk fat mass and the trunk/leg-ratio by DXA, but less powerful than MiBP. However, no such statistically significant relationships were seen in men. CONCLUSIONS: The present evaluation shows that especially the phthalate metabolite MiBP was related to increased fat amount in the subcutaneous abdominal region in women measured by DXA and MRI two years later. 
Irradiation with 20-25 kGy is a process commonly used for sterilizing poly(vinyl chloride) (PVC) medical devices. Moreover, whole blood and blood components undergo additional irradiation with 25-50 Gy to inhibit the proliferative capacity of lymphocytes and reduce the risk of transfusion-associated graft-vs-host disease (GVHD). Di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (DEHP) plasticized PVC is extensively used for the production of flexible medical devices including blood bags, but since DEHP is not covalently bound to PVC, it tends to migrate and leach out of the medical device, with harmful consequences for the patients. In this study, the effects of different doses of gamma irradiation on DEHP migration from PVC blood bags was investigated using differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) analysis. Our findings indicate that irradiation with 25-100 Gy reduces the ability of DEHP to migrate from the blood bags, and in the case of a primary container a correlation between the doses of gamma ray irradiation was also observed. In particular, a decrease in DEHP leachability was obtained by increasing the dose of gamma ray irradiation.
OBJECTIVE: Phthalates are ubiquitous industrial high-volume chemicals known as ligands to peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs). Because PPAR- agonists modulate insulin sensitivity and are used to treat type 2 diabetes, we investigated whether circulating levels of phthalate metabolites are related to prevalent type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 1,016 subjects, aged 70 years, were investigated in the Prospective Investigation of the Vasculature in Uppsala Seniors Study. Four phthalate metabolites were detected in almost all participant sera by an API 4000 liquid chromatograph/tandem mass spectrometer. Type 2 diabetes was defined as the use of pharmacological hypoglycemic agents or a fasting plasma glucose >7.0 mmol/L. RESULTS: A total of 114 subjects were shown to have diabetes. Following adjustment for sex, BMI, serum cholesterol and triglycerides, educational level, and smoking and exercise habits, high levels of the phthalate metabolites monomethyl phthalate (MMP) (P < 0.01), monoisobutyl phthalate (MiBP) (P < 0.05), and monoethyl phthalate (MEP) (P < 0.05), but not mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, were associated with an increased prevalence of diabetes. Using the fasting proinsulin-to-insulin ratio as a marker of insulin secretion and the homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance index as a marker of insulin resistance, MiBP was mainly related to poor insulin secretion, whereas MEP and MMP mainly were related to insulin resistance. CONCLUSIONS: The findings in this cross-sectional study showed that several phthalate metabolites are related to diabetes prevalence, as well as to markers of insulin secretion and resistance. These findings support the view that these commonly used chemicals might influence major factors that are regulating glucose metabolism in humans at the level of exposure of phthalate metabolites seen in the general elderly population. 
Phthalates are ubiquitous compounds whose metabolites are usually determined in urine for biomonitoring studies. Following suspect and unexplained results from our laboratory in an external quality-assessment scheme, we investigated the accuracy of all phthalate metabolite standards in our possession by comparing them with those of several suppliers. Our findings suggest that commercial phthalate metabolite certified solutions are not always accurate and that lot-to-lot discrepancies significantly affect the accuracy of the results obtained with several of these standards. These observations indicate that the reliability of the results obtained from different lots of standards is not equal, which reduces the possibility of intra-laboratory and inter-laboratory comparisons of results. However, agreements of accuracy have been observed for a majority of neat standards obtained from different suppliers, which indicates that a solution to this issue is available. Data accuracy of phthalate metabolites should be of concern for laboratories performing phthalate metabolite analysis because of the standards used. The results of our investigation are presented from the perspective that laboratories performing phthalate metabolite analysis can obtain accurate and comparable results in the future. Our findings will contribute to improving the quality of future phthalate metabolite analyses and will affect the interpretation of past results.
BACKGROUND: Environmental epidemiology and biomonitoring studies typically rely on biological samples to assay the concentration of non-persistent exposure biomarkers. Between-participant variations in sampling conditions of these biological samples constitute a potential source of exposure misclassification. Few studies attempted to correct biomarker levels for this error. We aimed to assess the influence of sampling conditions on concentrations of urinary biomarkers of select phenols and phthalates, two widely-produced families of chemicals, and to standardize biomarker concentrations on sampling conditions. METHODS: Urine samples were collected between 2002 and 2006 among 287 pregnant women from Eden and Plagie cohorts, from which phthalates and phenols metabolites levels were assayed. We applied a 2-step standardization method based on regression residuals. First, the influence of sampling conditions (including sampling hour, duration of storage before freezing) and of creatinine levels on biomarker concentrations were characterized using adjusted linear regression models. In the second step, the model estimates were used to remove the variability in biomarker concentrations due to sampling conditions and to standardize concentrations as if all samples had been collected under the same conditions (e.g., same hour of urine collection). RESULTS: Sampling hour was associated with concentrations of several exposure biomarkers. After standardization for sampling conditions, median concentrations differed by--38% for 2,5-dichlorophenol to +80% for a metabolite of diisodecyl phthalate. However, at the individual level, standardized biomarker levels were strongly correlated (correlation coefficients above 0.80) with unstandardized measures. CONCLUSIONS: Sampling conditions, such as sampling hour, should be systematically collected in biomarker-based studies, in particular when the biomarker half-life is short. The 2-step standardization method based on regression residuals that we proposed in order to limit the impact of heterogeneity in sampling conditions could be further tested in studies describing levels of biomarkers or their influence on health. 
OBJECTIVE: Neonates are exposed to high levels of di(2ethylhexyl) phthalate through numerous medical procedures in the neonatal intensive care unit. Our aim was to assess the contribution of specific medical devices to the di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate exposure of neonates. DESIGN: Prospective. SETTING: University hospital. PATIENTS: We recruited 32 premature neonates, 20 with very low birth weight (<1500 g) and 12 with low birth weight (<2500 g), and 31 controls at a neonatal intensive care unit from a medical center in central Taiwan. INTERVENTIONS: Interventions were based on a clinical need and used standard materials and devices, including endotracheal tubes, continuous positive airway pressure, oxygen hood, intravenous injection, intralipid injection, blood transfusion, orogastric tubes, nasogastric tubes, umbilical venous catheterization, umbilical arterial catheterization, chest tube, and isolate. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: We recorded the medical procedures of each subject, collected their urine samples, and determined the urinary concentration of three metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate using reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography-atmospheric pressure chemical ionization-tandem mass spectrometry. Median levels of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites in premature neonates treated with an endotracheal tube and orogastric tube or nasogastric tube were significantly higher than those not treated with an endotracheal tube, orogastric tube, or nasogastric tube. Median levels of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites in premature neonates treated with intravenous injection were  2-fold higher than those of healthy controls who received intravenous injections (p = .01). Median levels of three di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites were similar in very-low-birth-weight and low-birth-weight neonates. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that polyvinyl chloride-containing devices are the major defining factor in di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate exposure levels in neonates in the neonatal intensive care unit. We urge the use of polyvinyl chloride-free or alternative materials in medical devices, especially for endotracheal tubes, orogastric tubes, nasogastric tubes, and intravenous tubing in the neonatal intensive care unit. The health effects of high di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate exposure on premature neonates in the neonatal intensive care unit is worthy of further investigation. 
Pubertal gynaecomastia is a clinical sign of an oestrogen-androgen imbalance, which occurs in 40-60% of adolescent Caucasian boys. In most cases no underlying endocrinopathy can be identified. A recent study reports higher plasma phthalate levels in Turkish boys with pubertal gynaecomastia. Therefore, we asked whether there was an association between concurrent measures of urinary phthalate metabolites and pubertal timing as well as the presence of gynaecomastia in otherwise healthy boys. We studied a total of 555 healthy boys (age 6.07-19.83 years) as part of the COPENHAGEN Puberty Study. Anthropometry and pubertal stages (PH1-6 and G1-5) were evaluated, and the presence of gynaecomastia was assessed. Non-fasting blood samples were analysed for serum testosterone and morning urine samples were analysed for the total content of 12 phthalate metabolites (MEP, MnBP, MiBP, MBzP, MEHP, MEHHP, MEOHP, MECPP, MiNP, MHiNP, MiONP and MCiOP) by LC-MS/MS. A statistically significant negative correlation was observed between chronological age and the urinary concentration of the sum of measured metabolites DEHP (DEHPm) (r = -0.164) and DiNP (DiNPm) (r = -0.224), respectively, and the sum of monobutyl phthalate (MBP) isomers (MBP((i+n))) (r = -0.139) (all with p < 0.01). In contrast urinary monoethyl phthalate concentration was positively correlated to age (r = 0.187, p < 0.01). The urinary levels of phthalate metabolites were not associated with age at pubertal onset, serum testosterone levels or presence of gynaecomastia. In conclusion, we did not find evidence of anti-androgenic effects of phthalates in our healthy boys. Thus, current phthalate exposure was not associated with pubertal timing, testosterone levels or with the presence of pubertal gynaecomastia in this cross-sectional study. However, longitudinal studies are needed to evaluate possible perinatal or long-term postnatal effects of phthalates on healthy boys.
The urinary metabolites of phthalates are well-accepted exposure biomarkers for adults and children older than 6 years but are not commonly used for infants owing to non-convenient sampling. In the light of this situation, a novel sampling method based on monitoring the urine expressed from the gel diaper was developed. The urine was expressed from the gel absorbent after mixing the absorbent with CaCl(2) and then collected by a laboratory-made device; the urinary phthalate metabolites were extracted and cleaned using a solid-phase extraction (SPE) column and analyzed with high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization-tandem mass spectrometry / mass spectrometry. To evaluate the method's feasibility, the following factors were investigated: the proportion of CaCl(2) to gel absorbent, the urination volume variation and the target compounds' deposition bias in the diaper, the matrix blank of the different diaper brands, the storage stabilities and the recoveries of creatinine and phthalate metabolites in the expressed urine. Mono-methyl phthalate, mono-ethyl phthalate, mono-butyl phthalate, mono-benzyl phthalate, mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate and mono-2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl phthalate were involved. 70-80% of the urine can be expressed from the diaper, and the expressed spiking recoveries and the limit of detection of mono-phthalates ranged from 88.5-115% and 0.21-0.50ng/ml. The method was applied to measure phthalate metabolites in 65 gel diaper samples from 15 infants, and the pilot data suggests the infants are commonly exposed to phthalates. In summary, the method for monitoring of infant exposure to phthalates is sound and validated, and the potential health effects from the vulnerable infants' exposure to phthalates should be concerned.
Human exposure to phthalates and bisphenol A (BPA) can be assessed through urinary biomonitoring, but methods to infer daily intakes assume that spot sample concentrations are comparable to daily average concentrations. We evaluate this assumption using human biomonitoring data from Germany and the United States (US). The German data comprised three regional studies with spot samples and one with full-day samples analyzed for phthalate metabolites. The US data included: a study on DEHP metabolites and BPA involving eight persons supplying all urine voids (from which 24-h samples were constructed) for seven consecutive days; NHANES spot sample data on DEHP metabolites and BPA; and a regional study of children with 48-h samples analyzed for BPA. In the German data, measures of central tendency differed, but spot and 24-h samples showed generally comparable variance including 95th percentiles and maxima equidistant from central tendency measures. In contrast, the US adult data from the eight-person study showed similar central tendencies for phthalate metabolites and BPA, but generally greater variability for the spot samples, including higher 95th percentiles and maxima. When comparing children's BPA concentrations in NHANES spot and 48-h samples, distributions showed similar central tendency and variability. Overall, spot urinary concentrations of DEHP metabolites and BPA have variability roughly comparable with corresponding 24-h average concentrations obtained from a comparable population, suggesting that spot samples can be used to characterize population distributions of intakes. However, the analysis also suggests that caution should be exercised when interpreting the high end of spot sample data sets.
Di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) is a widely used industrial plasticizer to which humans are widely exposed. We investigated the consequences of maternal exposure to DEHP on nephron formation, examined the programming of renal function and blood pressure and explored the mechanism in offspring. Maternal rats were treated with vehicle, 0.25 and 6.25mg/kg body weight/day DEHP respectively from gestation day 0 to postnatal day 21. Maternal DEHP exposure resulted in lower number of nephrons, higher glomerular volume and smaller Bowman's capsule in the DEHP-treated offspring at weaning, as well as glomerulosclerosis, interstitial fibrosis and effacement of podocyte foot processes in adulthood. In the DEHP-treated offspring, the renal function was lower and the blood pressure was higher. The renal protein expression of renin and angiotensin II was reduced at birth day and increased at weaning. Maternal DEHP exposure also led to reduced mRNA expression of some renal development involved genes at birth day, including Foxd1, Gdnf, Pax2 and Wnt11. While, the mRNA expression of some genes was raised, including Bmp4, Cdh11, Calm1 and Ywhab. These data show that maternal DEHP exposure impairs the offspring renal development, resulting in a nephron deficit, and subsequently elevated blood pressure later in life. Our findings suggest that DEHP exposure in developmental periods may affect the development of nephrons and adult renal disease through inhibition of the renin-angiotensin system.
Phthalate esters are used in a wide variety of consumer products, and human exposure to this class of compounds is widespread. Nevertheless, studies on dietary exposure of humans to phthalates are limited. In this study, nine phthalate esters were analyzed in eight categories of foodstuffs (n = 78) collected from Harbin and Shanghai, China, in 2011. Dimethyl phthalate (DMP), diethyl phthalate (DEP), dibutyl phthalate (DBP), diisobutyl phthalate (DIBP), benzyl butyl phthalate (BzBP), and diethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) were frequently detected in food samples. DEHP was the major compound found in most of the food samples, with concentrations that ranged from below the limit of quantification (LOQ) to 762 ng/g wet weight (wt). The concentrations of phthalates in food samples from China were comparable to concentrations reported for several other countries, but the profiles were different; DMP was found more frequently in Chinese foods than in foods from other countries. The estimated daily dietary intake of phthalates (EDIdiet) was calculated based on the concentrations measured and the daily ingestion rates of food items. The EDIdiet values for DMP, DEP, DIBP, DBP, BzBP, and DEHP (based on mean concentrations) were 0.092, 0.051, 0.505, 0.703, 0.022, and 1.60 g/kg-bw/d, respectively, for Chinese adults. The EDIdiet values calculated for phthalates were below the reference doses suggested by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Comparison of total daily intakes, reported previously based on a biomonitoring study, with the current dietary intake estimates suggests that diet is the main source of DEHP exposure in China. Nevertheless, diet accounted for only <10% of the total exposure to DMP, DEP, DBP, and DIBP, which suggested the existence of other sources of exposure to these phthalates. 
BACKGROUND: Recent cross-sectional studies suggest a link between butylbenzyl phthalate (BBzP) in house dust and childhood eczema. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to evaluate whether concentrations of monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP), the main BBzP metabolite in urine, during pregnancy are associated prospectively with eczema in young children, and whether this association varies by the child's sensitization to indoor allergens or serological evidence of any allergies. METHODS: MBzP was measured in spot urine samples during the third trimester of pregnancy from 407 African-American and Dominican women residing in New York City in 1999-2006. Repeated questionnaires asked mothers whether their doctor ever said their child had eczema. Child blood samples at 24, 36, and 60 months of age were analyzed for total, anti-cockroach, dust mite, and mouse IgE. Relative risks (RR) were estimated with multivariable modified Poisson regression. Analyses included a multinomial logistic regression model for early- and late-onset eczema versus no eczema through 60 months of age. RESULTS: MBzP was detected in > 99% of samples (geometric mean = 13.6; interquartile range: 5.7-31.1 ng/mL). By 24 months, 30% of children developed eczema, with the proportion higher among African Americans (48%) than among Dominicans (21%) (p < 0.001). An interquartile range increase in log MBzP concentration was associated positively with early-onset eczema (RR = 1.52 for eczema by 24 months; 95% confidence interval: 1.21, 1.91, p = 0.0003, n = 113 reporting eczema/376 total sample), adjusting for urine specific gravity, sex, and race/ethnicity. MBzP was not associated with allergic sensitization, nor did seroatopy modify consistently the MBzP and eczema association. CONCLUSIONS: Prenatal exposure to BBzP may influence the risk of developing eczema in early childhood. 
Human phthalate exposure is ubiquitous, but little is known regarding predictors of urinary phthalate levels. To explore this, 50 pregnant women aged 18-38 years completed two questionnaires on potential phthalate exposures and provided a first morning void. Urine samples were analyzed for 12 phthalate metabolites. Associations with questionnaire items were evaluated via Wilcoxon tests and t-tests, and r-squared values were calculated in multiple linear regression models. Few measured factors were statistically significantly associated with phthalate levels. Individuals who used nail polish had higher levels of mono-butyl phthalate (P=0.048) than non-users. Mono-benzyl phthalate levels were higher among women who used eye makeup (P=0.034) or used makeup on a regular basis (P=0.004). Women who used cologne or perfume had higher levels of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites. Household products, home flooring or paneling, and other personal care products were also associated with urinary phthalates. The proportion of variance in metabolite concentrations explained by questionnaire items ranged between 0.31 for mono-ethyl phthalate and 0.42 for mono-n-methyl phthalate. Although personal care product use may be an important predictor of urinary phthalate levels, most of the variability in phthalate exposure was not captured by our relatively comprehensive set of questionnaire items.
There are emerging concerns about potential effects on child health and development of early-life exposure to substances such as brominated flame retardants (BFRs), perfluorinated compounds (PFCs), phthalates and phenols (including bisphenol A (BPA)); pregnancy and birth cohort studies are ideally designed to study such concerns prospectively. As part of the ENRIECO project, we evaluated existing human biomonitoring data for these substances in European birth cohorts and develop recommendations for more harmonized methods that will enable combination and comparison of cohort data in the future. The ENRIECO inventory shows that 20 European birth cohorts have measured or are measuring BFRs (N=10), PFCs (N=11), phthalates (N=16) or phenols (N=8). Generally, samples were collected prenatally or at birth and measurements involved few subjects in each cohort (a few hundred maximum). Biological matrices, timing, and analytical methods of the measurements varied between cohorts. Few cohorts have measured at multiple time points or in children. In European cohorts, levels of BFRs were very low and at least 10-fold lower than in US; levels of PFCs and phthalates have decreased over the last decade since the phasing out of certain of these compounds; concentrations of phenols are comparable to those in the US. Although there is little published data in the cohorts now, many measurements are ongoing and we recommend that cohorts start working towards combined and comparison studies. Specific recommendations for use of existing data include the development of conversion models for the different media used for measurement of persistent chemicals, and inter-laboratory comparisons and calibrations. Recommendations for further data collection include more evaluation of exposure to these chemicals in children; repeated measurements of non-persistent chemicals; validation and harmonisation of questionnaires; and the development of mechanisms for fast European birth cohort response for the detection and prioritisation of new chemicals of concern.
BACKGROUND: Previous studies have shown that women have higher urinary concentrations of several phthalate metabolites than do men, possibly because of a higher use of personal care products. Few studies have evaluated the association between phthalate metabolites, diabetes, and diabetes-related risk factors among women. OBJECTIVE: We explored the association between urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations and diabetes among women who participated in a cross-sectional study. METHODS: We used urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites, analyzed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and self-reported diabetes of 2,350 women between 20 and 79 years of age who participated in the NHANES (2001-2008). We used multiple logistic regression to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) and adjusted for urinary creatinine, sociodemographic characteristics, dietary factors, and body size. A secondary analysis was conducted for women who did not have diabetes to evaluate the association between phthalate metabolite concentrations and fasting blood glucose (FBG), homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance, and glycosylated hemoglobin A1c. RESULTS: After adjusting for potential confounders, women with higher levels of mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP), mono-isobutyl phthalate (MiBP), monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP), mono-(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate (MCPP), and three di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites (DEHP) had an increased odds of diabetes compared with women with the lowest levels of these phthalates. Women in the highest quartile for MBzP and MiBP had almost twice the odds of diabetes [OR = 1.96 (95% CI: 1.11, 3.47) and OR = 1.95 (95% CI: 0.99, 3.85), respectively] compared with women in the lowest quartile. Nonmonotonic, positive associations were found for MnBP and DEHP, whereas MCPP appeared to have a threshold effect. Certain phthalate metabolites were positively associated with FBG and insulin resistance. DISCUSSION: Urinary levels of several phthalates were associated with prevalent diabetes. Future prospective studies are needed to further explore these associations to determine whether phthalate exposure can alter glucose metabolism and increase the risk of insulin resistance and diabetes. 
BACKGROUND: In animals, some phthalates impair male reproductive development and function. Epidemiological studies have reported inconsistent evidence of associations between phthalates and markers of human testicular function. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to provide estimates of the effects of phthalate exposure on reproductive hormone levels and semen quality in healthy men. METHODS: A total of 881 men gave urine, serum, and semen samples. Serum levels of testosterone, estradiol (E2), sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), luteinizing hormone (LH), follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), and inhibin-B; semen quality; and urinary concentrations of 14 phthalate metabolites, including metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and diisononyl phthalate (DiNP), were assessed. The proportions of DEHP and DiNP excreted as their respective primary metabolites [mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) and mono-isononyl phthalate (MiNP)] were calculated and expressed as percentages (%MEHP and %MiNP, respectively). RESULTS: The free androgen index was 15% lower [95% confidence interval (CI): -23, -8%] for men in the highest %MiNP quartile compared to the lowest quartile (p < 0.001) after adjusting for confounders, and 9% lower (95% CI: -16, -1%) in the highest %MEHP quartile (p = 0.02). %MEHP and %MiNP were negatively associated with the ratio of testosterone/LH and testosterone/FSH. %MEHP was negatively associated with total testosterone, free testosterone, and ratio of testosterone/E(2). %MiNP was positively associated with SHBG. There was little evidence of associations between urinary phthalate metabolites or sums of phthalates with reproductive hormones or semen quality. CONCLUSION: Our data suggest that both testosterone production and pituitary-hypothalamic feedback may be compromised in individuals excreting a high proportion of primary metabolites of long-chained phthalates relative to the proportion of secondary metabolites. 
This pioneering work describes how simply, inexpensively and efficiently novel fungi utilize the alarming plasticizer, di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) blended in PVC blood storage bags (BB). In order to quantify total DEHP (33.5%, w/w) present in BB, it was extracted using n-hexane and confirmed by GC-MS. Three mycelial fungi, viz., Aspergillus parasiticus, Fusarium subglutinans and Penicillium funiculosum isolated in our laboratory form heavily plastics-contaminated soil - either singly or in consortium - completely consumed intact DEHP physically bound to BB by static submerged growth (28 C) in simple basal salt medium (BSM). A two-stage cultivation strategy was adopted for the complete removal of DEHP from BB in situ. During the first growth stage, almost 70% DEHP contained in the BB was consumed in 2 weeks, accompanied by increased fungal biomass (~0.15-0.35 g/g BB; OD ~7 at 600 nm) and a sharp declining (3.3) of initial pH (7.2). Spent BSM was replaced at this stagnant growth state (low pH), thus in the second stage, remaining DEHP bound to BB utilized completely (over 99%). Furthermore, A. parasiticus and F. subglutinans also grew well on scrapes of PVC water pipes in BSM. F. subglutinans was as efficient independently as consortium in completely utilizing the DEHP bound to BB, and these fungi offer great potentials for the inexpensive and eco-friendly bioremediation of phthalates in medical and allied PVC wastes on a large scale through a batch process in alleviating the plactics waste management issue.
Phthalates and bisphenol A are environmental endocrine-disrupting chemicals used widely in common consumer products. There is increasing concern about human exposure to phthalates and bisphenol A due to the potential adverse effects related to the anti-androgenic activity of phthalates and estrogenic activity of bisphenol A. In assessing environmental exposure to phthalates and bisphenol A, it is essential to have a validated analytical method that can quantify trace concentrations of phthalate metabolites and bisphenol A in humans. In this study, we developed and validated an accurate, sensitive, and robust LC-MS/MS method to simultaneously quantify 5 phthalate monoester metabolites, including mono-methyl phthalate, mono-ethyl phthalate, mono-butyl phthalate, mono-benzyl phthalate, mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate, and bisphenol A in human urine. In this method, the phthalate metabolites and bisphenol A, along with their isotope labeled internal standards, were extracted from 200 l of human urine using automated off-line solid phase extraction. The analytes were quantitatively determined using LC-MS/MS operated in negative electrospray ionization multiple reaction-monitoring mode. The limit of quantification was 0.3 ng/ml for mono-methyl phthalate, mono-ethyl phthalate, mono-benzyl phthalate and bisphenol A, and 1 ng/ml for mono-butyl phthalate and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate. The precision and accuracy were well within the acceptable 15% range. This validated method has been used successfully in assessing exposure to phthalates and bisphenol A in humans.
RATIONALE: Phthalates are used widely in consumer products. Exposure to several phthalates has been associated with respiratory symptoms and decreased lung function. Associations between children's phthalate exposures and fractional exhaled nitric oxide (Fe(NO)), a biomarker of airway inflammation, have not been examined. OBJECTIVES: We hypothesized that urinary concentrations of four phthalate metabolites would be positively associated with Fe(NO) and that these associations would be stronger among children with seroatopy or wheeze. METHODS: In an urban ongoing birth cohort, 244 children had phthalate metabolites determined in urine collected on the same day as Fe(NO) measurement. Repeated sampling gathered 313 observations between ages 4.9 and 9.1 years. Seroatopy was assessed by specific IgE. Wheeze in the past year was assessed by validated questionnaire. Regression models used generalized estimating equations. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Log-unit increases in urinary concentrations of metabolites of diethyl phthalate (DEP) and butylbenzyl phthalate (BBzP) were associated with a 6.6% (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.5-13.1%) and 8.7% (95% CI, 1.9-16.0%) increase in Fe(NO), respectively, adjusting for other phthalate metabolites and potential covariates/confounders. There was no association between concentrations of metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate or di-n-butyl phthalate and Fe(NO). There was no significant interaction by seroatopy. The BBzP metabolite association was significantly stronger among children who wheeze (P = 0.016). CONCLUSIONS: Independent associations between exposures to DEP and BBzP and Fe(NO) in a cohort of inner-city children were observed. These results suggest that these two ubiquitous phthalates, previously shown to have substantial contributions from inhalation, are positively associated with airway inflammation in children. 
The plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is suspected to induce antiandrogenic effects in men via its metabolite mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP). However, there is only little information on the kinetic behavior of DEHP and its metabolites in humans. The toxikokinetics of DEHP was investigated in four male volunteers (28-61y) who ingested a single dose (64520g/kg body weight) of ring-deuterated DEHP (DEHP-D(4)). Concentrations of DEHP-D(4), of free ring-deuterated MEHP (MEHP-D(4)), and the sum of free and glucuronidated MEHP-D(4) were measured in blood for up to 24h; amounts of the monoesters MEHP-D(4), ring-deuterated mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate and ring-deuterated mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate were determined in urine for up to 46h after ingestion. The bioavailability of DEHP-D(4) was surprisingly high with an area under the concentration-time curve until 24h (AUC) amounting to 50% of that of free MEHP-D(4). The AUC of free MEHP-D(4) normalized to DEHP-D(4) dose and body weight (AUC/D) was 2.1 and 8.1 times, that of DEHP-D(4) even 50 and 100 times higher than the corresponding AUC/D values obtained earlier in rat and marmoset, respectively. Time courses of the compounds in blood and urine of the volunteers oscillated widely. Terminal elimination half-lives were short (4.3-6.6h). Total amounts of metabolites in 22-h urine are correlated linearly with the AUC of free MEHP-D(4) in blood, the parameter regarded as relevant for risk assessment.
BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Associations between plastic-associated chemicals, such as bisphenol A, and cardiovascular disease have begun to emerge in the current century. However, the relationship between urine phthalates and risk of stroke is unclear. It was aimed to study the relationship between urine phthalate concentrations and risk of stroke in a national population-based cross-sectional study. METHODS: Data were retrieved from United States National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys, 2001-2004, including demographics, self-reported medical conditions (stroke status) and urine phthalate concentrations. Analyses involved t-test and logistic regression models. RESULTS: Of 13 phthalate concentrations, the mean values of mono-n-butyl phthalate (2001-2002: 131.27  685.62 and 43.02  117.70, P=0.0001; 2003-2004: 114.36  555.41 and 49.48  153.53, P=0.008) and mono-(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate (2001-2002: 13.60  37.05 and 5.48  10.55, P<0.001; 2003-2004: 10.56  38.37 and 5.94  14.76, P=0.038) concentrations were found significantly higher in people with stroke. It was also observed that low doses of mono-n-butyl phthalate (OR 1.0009, 95%CI 0.999-1.003, P=0.266 in 2001-2002, and OR 1.0010, 95%CI 1.0001-1.0019, P=0.028 in 2003-2004) and mono-(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate (OR 1.03, 95%CI 1.00-1.05, P=0.055 in 2001-2002, and OR 1.004, 95% CI 1.00-1.01 P=0.240 in 2003-2004) were associated with higher risk of stroke after full adjustments. CONCLUSIONS: Urine phthalate concentrations are potentially associated with increased risk of stroke, although the causality cannot be established in the current cross-sectional study design. Future longitudinal cohort studies and/or clinical trials are warranted to understand the biological mechanism along the pathway before drawing a firm conclusion on the relationship between phthalates and risk of stroke in humans. 
Di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) as an environmental endocrine disruptor is a known reproductive toxicant and carcinogen. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the female reproductive toxicity of DEHP. Sixty ICR female mice were randomized into four groups dosed with 0, 125, 500, or 2 000 mg/kg DEHP by gavage for 16 weeks, 6 days/week. DEHP treatment prolonged duration of the estrous cycle in mice at 500 and 2000 mg/kg DEHP, but no significant effects on estrus phase of the cycle in each group were detected. Exposure to DEHP inhibited secretion of serum progesterone. DEHP arrested granulosa cells at G(0)/G(1) phases and increased proportion of apoptosis cells at 500 and 2000 mg/kg DEHP. There was no significant difference in P450arom mRNA expression among groups. Results demonstrate that DEHP can produce toxicity in female reproductive system.
Di-(2-propylheptyl)-phthalate (DPHP) is a specific phthalic acid ester of isomeric C10 alcohols. It is classified as high molecular weight phthalate and marketed as plasticizer for polyvinyl chloride (PVC). The increase of its production volume and its wide field of application suggest a possible background exposure of the human population as found for other phthalates, making suitable analytical methods necessary. The aim of the presented analytical report is the sensitive and selective determination of the three major DPHP metabolites mono-2-(propyl-6-hydroxy-heptyl)-phthalate (OH-MPHP), mono-2-(propyl-6-oxoheptyl)-phthalate (oxo-MPHP) and mono-2-(propyl-6-carboxy-hexyl)-phthalate (cx-MPHxP) in human urine. Most of the published analytical methods for phthalate metabolites use high pressure liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS/MS). The methods presented here allow a comparison of chromatographic separation between HPLC-MS/MS and gas chromatography high resolution mass spectrometry (GC-HRMS), which is useful to distinguish between DPHP and DIDP. The enhanced detection limits range between 0.05-0.1g/L for GC-HRMS and 0.1-0.2g/L for HPLC-MS/MS.
Di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) is the most commonly used plasticizer for polyvinyl chloride, which is found in a large variety of products, including most of the bags used for blood storage because of its protective role on erythrocytes survival. DEHP metabolites have been recently proposed as markers of the misuse of blood transfusion in athletes. In this study, a method to quantify the main five DEHP metabolites in urine has been developed: mono-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate (MEHHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate (MEOHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl)phthalate (5cx-MEPP), and mono-(2-carboxymethylhexyl)phthalate (2cx-MMHP). The method involved an enzymatic hydrolysis with -glucuronidase from Escherichia coli followed by an acidic extraction with ethyl acetate. The hydrolysed extracts were analysed by ultraperformance liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry. Isotope labelled MEHP, MEOHP and 5cx-MEPP were used as internal standards. Analysis of all the metabolites was achieved in a total run time of 10min, using a C(18) column and a mobile phase containing deionized water and acetonitrile with formic acid, with gradient elution at a flow-rate of 0.6mLmin(-1). Detection of the compounds was performed by multiple reaction monitoring, using electrospray ionization in positive and negative ion modes. The method was validated for quantitative purposes. Extraction recoveries were greater than 90% and the limits of quantitation ranged from 1.2 to 2.6ngmL(-1). Intra-day precisions were better than 8% for all metabolites while inter-assay precisions were better than 12%. Concentrations of DEHP metabolites were measured in a control group (n=30, subjects reflecting the common environmental DEHP exposure), and in sportsmen (n=464), to evaluate population distribution exposure to DEHP. Additionally, threshold concentrations indicating outliers of common exposure for DEHP metabolites are proposed.
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is a ubiquitous environmental contaminant. Epidemiological studies suggest that DEHP decreases masculinization of male fetuses. Numerous rat studies report DEHP reduces fetal testosterone production at doses greatly exceeding human exposure. We fed pregnant CD-1 mice 0.5-500,000 g/kg/day DEHP from gestation day (GD) 9-18 and examined mothers and male fetuses on GD 18. We assessed non-monotonic dose-response by adding a quadratic term to a simple linear regression model. Except at the 500,000 g/kg/day dose, DEHP stimulated an increase in maternal and fetal serum testosterone and increased anogenital distance (AGD). Non-monotonic dose-response curves were noted for AGD and maternal, and testis testosterone (P values 0.013-0.021). Because data from our highest dose (500,000 g/kg/day) did not differ significantly from controls, this dose could have been incorrectly assumed to be the NOAEL had we only tested very high doses, as is typical in studies for regulatory agencies.
BACKGROUND: Di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) is an endocrine disrupting chemical that is widely used as the major plasticizer for worldwide plastic products. It can cause several toxic effects to human with high dose exposure. In response to the need of human exposure assessment, different biological specimens are taken into account. Compared to blood, urine and other specimens, hair is unique in that it could determine the time period of chemical exposure after several months to years. METHOD: The developed method consists of solution incubation, liquid-liquid extraction and stable isotope dilution liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) analysis. RESULTS: A reliable and sensitive analytical method was developed and validated for the determination of 5 metabolites, mono-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate (MEHHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxy-hexyl)phthalate (MEOHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl)phthalate (5cx-MEPP) and mono-[2-(carboxymethyl)hexyl]phthalate (2cx-MMHP) in human hair. Ten authentic hair specimens were successfully determined and quantitated by the developed method. CONCLUSION: The developed LC-MS/MS method can successfully determine specific DEHP metabolites in human hair and has a great potential to assess the long term DEHP exposure of human. 
Humans are potentially exposed to phthalate esters (PEs) through ingestion, inhalation, and dermal contact. Studies quantifying exposure to PEs include "biomarker studies" and "indirect studies." Biomarker studies use measurements of PE metabolites in urine to back-calculate exposure to the parent diester, while indirect studies use the concentration of the PE in each medium of exposure and the rate of intake of that medium to quantify intake of the PE. In this review, exposure estimates from biomarker and indirect studies are compiled and compared for seven PEs to determine if there are regional differences and if there is a preferred approach. The indirect and biomarker methods generally agree with each other within an order of magnitude and discrepancies are explained by difficulties in accounting for use of consumer products, uncertainty concerning absorption, regional differences, and temporal changes. No single method is preferred for estimating intake of all PEs; it is suggested that biomarker estimates be used for low molecular weight PEs for which it is difficult to quantify all sources of exposure and either indirect or biomarker methods be used for higher molecular weight PEs. The indirect methods are useful in identifying sources of exposure while the biomarker methods quantify exposure.
Human exposure to phthalates was assessed through digestive and respiratory intakes. Six phthalates (DMP, DEP, DnBP, BBP, DEHP, DnOP) were investigated in drinking water, in current foodstuff and in ambient air. Digestive intake was prevailing (92%) with a major contribution of food (95.5%). Phthalate intake from water was mainly due to bottled water (60%) in spite of the minor volume absorbed daily. From the respiratory tract, it was dominated by DEP: 30.3ngkg(-1) bw day(-1) and the part played by indoor air prevailed. Total intake were as ngkg(-1) bw day(-1), for DEHP: 1458, DnBP: 191.8, BBP: 164.3, DEP: 107.7, DMP: 79.1.
Di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is used industrially to add flexibility to polyvinyl chloride (PVC) polymers and is ubiquitously found in the environment, with evidence of prenatal, perinatal and early infant exposure in humans. In utero exposure to DEHP decreases circulating testosterone levels in the adult rat. In addition, DEHP reduces the expression of the angiotensin II receptors in the adrenal gland, resulting in decreased circulating aldosterone levels. The latter may have important effects on water and electrolyte balance as well as systemic arterial blood pressure. Therefore, we determined the effects of in utero exposure to DEHP on systemic arterial blood pressure in the young (2month-old) and older (6.5month-old) adult rats. Sprague-Dawley pregnant dams were exposed from gestational day 14 until birth to 300mg DEHP/kg/day. Blood pressure, heart rate, and activity data were collected using an intra-aortal transmitter in the male offspring at postnatal day (PND) 60 and PND200. A low (0.01%) and high-salt (8%) diet was used to challenge the animals at PND200. In utero exposure to DEHP resulted in reduced activity at PND60. At PND200, systolic and diastolic systemic arterial pressures as well as activity were reduced in response to DEHP exposure. This is the first evidence showing that in utero exposure to DEHP has cardiovascular and behavioral effects in the adult male offspring.
Several phthalates, particularly diethyl phthalate (DEP) and di-n-butyl phthalate, can be used in personal care products (PCPs) to fix fragrance and hold color. We investigated associations between women's reported use of PCPs within the 24 h before urine collection and concentrations of several urinary phthalate metabolites. Between 2002 and 2005, 337 women provided spot urine samples and answered questions regarding their use of 13 PCPs at a follow-up visit 3-36 months after pregnancy. We examined associations between urinary concentrations of several phthalate metabolites and use of PCPs using linear regression. Use of individual PCPs ranged from 7% (nail polish) to 91% (deodorant). After adjusting for age, education, and urinary creatinine, women reporting use of perfume had 2.92 times higher (95% CI: 2.20-3.89) concentration of monoethyl phthalate (MEP; the primary metabolite of DEP) than other women. Other PCPs that were significantly associated with MEP concentrations included: hair spray, nail polish, and deodorant. MEP concentrations increased with the number of PCPs used. PCP use was widespread in this group of recently pregnant women. Women's use of PCPs, particularly of perfumes and fragranced products, was positively associated with urinary concentration of multiple phthalate metabolites.
Biomonitoring of chemical species in biologic media can be a valuable tool in risk assessment since it informs directly on aggregate exposures. While advances in the analytical techniques required for biomonitoring have resulted in increased sensitivity for the detection of chemical species, the detection of a chemical substance in a biological medium (such as blood, urine or breast milk) does not mean that the chemical causes or is associated with an adverse health outcome. In this paper, intake estimates for di-isodecyl phthalate (DIDP), a high molecular weight general purpose plasticizer, were calculated from urinary biomonitoring data representing various population segments and geographic locales. From these data, intake estimates converge on a mean that is <1 g/kg/day (95th% < 5 g/kg/day). This intake estimate is at least two orders of magnitude lower than the health-based exposure guidance values (38-150 g/kg/day) which have been proposed by regulatory authorities and other authoritative bodies as safe exposure levels.
BACKGROUND: Individual members of the phthalate family of chemical compounds are components of innumerable everyday consumer products, resulting in a high exposure scenario for some individuals and population groups. Multiple epidemiological studies have demonstrated statistically significant exposure-disease relationships involving phthalates and toxicological studies have shown estrogenic effects in vitro. Data is lacking in the medical literature, however, on effective means to facilitate phthalate excretion. METHODS: Blood, urine, and sweat were collected from 20 individuals (10 healthy participants and 10 participants with assorted health problems) and analyzed for parent phthalate compounds as well as phthalate metabolites using high performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Some parent phthalates as well as their metabolites were excreted into sweat. All patients had MEHP (mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate) in their blood, sweat, and urine samples, suggesting widespread phthalate exposure. In several individuals, DEHP (di (2-ethylhexl) phthalate) was found in sweat but not in serum, suggesting the possibility of phthalate retention and bioaccumulation. On average, MEHP concentration in sweat was more than twice as high as urine levels. CONCLUSIONS: Induced perspiration may be useful to facilitate elimination of some potentially toxic phthalate compounds including DEHP and MEHP. Sweat analysis may be helpful in establishing the existence of accrued DEHP in the human body. 
Urinary phthalate excretion is used as marker of phthalate exposure in epidemiological studies. Here we examine the reliability of urinary phthalate levels in exposure classification by comparing the inter- and intrasubject variation of urinary phthalate metabolite levels. Thirty-three young healthy men each collected two spot, three first-morning, and three 24-h urine samples during a 3-month period. Samples were analyzed for the content of 12 urinary metabolites of 7 different phthalates. Variability was assessed as intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC). For the metabolites of diethyl-, dibutyl-, and butylbenzyl-phthalates moderate ICCs were observed in all three sample types, albeit highest in 24-h urine (0.51-0.59). For the metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and di-iso-nonyl phthlates lower ICCs (0.06-0.29) were found. These low ICCs indicate a high risk of misclassification of exposures for these two phthalates in population studies and hence an attenuation of the power to detect possible exposure-outcome associations. The only slightly higher ICCs for 24-h pools compared to first-morning and spot urine samples does not seem to justify the extra effort needed to collect 24-h pools.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates are prevalent environmental exposure chemicals with rising concern on various health effects, including pulmonary function. Meanwhile, elderly people are more susceptible to environmental exposure, and their decreasing lung function is an important health issue. OBJECTIVES: To investigate the association between urinary phthalate metabolite levels and indices for pulmonary function, and evaluate effect modification by genetic polymorphisms of oxidative-stress related genes, catalase (CAT), superoxide dismutase (SOD2), and myeloperoxidase (MPO) in elderly Koreans. METHODS: We conducted a panel study on 418 individuals over 60 years old in Seoul, Korea, and repeatedly measured urinary phthalate metabolite levels and ran pulmonary function tests. Genetic polymorphisms of CAT (rs769218, rs769217), SOD2 (rs4880, rs2758331, rs5746136) and MPO (rs2071409, rs7208693) were determined. Mixed effect model was used to investigate association of phthalate levels with pulmonary function indices and to examine the effect of CAT, SOD2 and MPO polymorphisms on the association. RESULTS: Inverse association was demonstrated between sum of mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate and mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (DEHP) levels and FEV1/FVC (=-0.632, p=0.0275) or FEF25-75 (=-0.077, p=0.025) after adjusting for age, months after previous measurements, sex, body mass index, cotinine, mean temperature and dew point. The effect of DEHP on lung function was significant only in subjects with certain genotypes, and having all significant genotypes in three genes showed significant difference in the phthalate-pulmonary function association (FEV1/FVC: =-2.169, p=0.0032; FEF25-75: =-0.155, p=0.0103), while other combinations showed less estimate size without any significance. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary phthalate metabolites levels are associated with decreasing pulmonary function in elderly Koreans, and effect modification of certain CAT, SOD2 and MPO polymorphisms on the association is suggested. 
The main objective of this study was to determine the average concentrations for the metabolites of the four more common phthalates, industrial chemicals widely used in commercial products and potential endocrine disruptors, in the urine of a control population living in Central Italy. The study population consisted of 157 healthy subjects, not occupationally exposed to phthalates (74 males and 83 females). Urinary levels of the analytes were determined by liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) with isotopic dilution. The reference values (geometric mean) for males and females were estimated for each metabolite:. Females: for MEP was 72.94g/g creatinine (CI 95% 3.63-149.51), for MEHP was 3.37g/g creatinine (CI 95% 1.85-4.89), for MEHHP was 12.74g/g creatinine (CI 95% 9.45-22.19), for MnBP was 20.26g/g creatinine (CI 95% 8.17-28.43) and for MBzP was 14.74 (CI 95% 2.94-17.68). Males: for MEP was 56.35g/g creatinine (CI 95% 2.32-110.39), for MEHP was 2.80g/g creatinine (CI 95% 1.08-4.52), for MEHHP was 10.77g/g creatinine (CI 95% 6.18-16.95), for MnBP was 17.59g/g creatinine (CI 95% 5.72-29.45) and for MBzP was 16.44 (CI 95% 7.90-29.45). To obtain reference values for these chemicals is without doubt an important topic for evaluate the exposure of population and their possible health effects. Information from different geographical areas are important to understand the real different background concentrations.
Maternal exposure to estrogenic xenobiotics or phthalates has been implicated in the distortion of early male reproductive development, referred to in humans as the testicular dysgenesis syndrome. It is not known, however, whether such early gestational and/or lactational exposure can influence the later adult-type Leydig cell phenotype. In this study, Sprague-Dawley rats were exposed to dibutyl phthalate (DBP; from gestational day (GD) 14.5 to postnatal day (PND) 6) or diethylstilbestrol (DES; from GD14.5 to GD16.5) during a short gestational/lactational window, and male offspring subsequently analysed for various postnatal testicular parameters. All offspring remained in good health throughout the study. Maternal xenobiotic treatment appeared to modify specific Leydig cell gene expression in male offspring, particularly during the dynamic phase of mid-puberty, with serum INSL3 concentrations showing that these compounds led to a faster attainment of peak values, and a modest acceleration of the pubertal trajectory. Part of this effect appeared to be due to a treatment-specific impact on Leydig cell proliferation during puberty for both xenobiotics. Taken together, these results support the notion that maternal exposure to certain xenobiotics can also influence the development of the adult-type Leydig cell population, possibly through an effect on the Leydig stem cell population.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between the use of medications potentially containing phthalates and urinary concentrations of specific phthalate metabolites around conception. METHODS: Women enrolled in the Environment and Reproductive Health project from 2006 to 2009 completed questionnaires about the use of medications and provided multiple urine samples before and after conception. We compared the mean urinary concentration of phthalate metabolites between users of phthalate containing medications and a matched unexposed control group. RESULTS: One woman used Asacol() (mesalamine), which utilizes dibutyl phthalate (DBP) as a delayed release coating material, and had a mean urinary concentration of the main DBP metabolite 200 times higher than the controls (8176g/L vs. 37.5g/L). The three users of stool softeners had a higher concentration of the main diethyl phthalate (DEP) metabolite (8636g/L vs. 714.2g/L). Neither the three additional Prilosec() (omeprazole) users nor one cyclobenzaprine user had higher urinary concentration than controls. CONCLUSION: Selected medications may be important sources of DBP and DEP exposures around conception. 
The ubiquitous use of phthalate esters in plastics, building material, medical devices, personal care products and food packaging materials results in a widespread exposure of general population. This study reports measurement of urinary concentration of phthalate metabolites in France and provides a first assessment of the exposure of French pregnant women to this chemical class. For the majority of the phthalate metabolites, concentrations measured in urine were similar to those reported in previous studies except for two phthalates that were characterized by high concentrations of metabolites if compared to previous European and American studies: DiNP (Di-iso-nonylphthalate) and DEHP (Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate). In a second part of the study, a pharmacokinetic model was used in order to gain understanding on exposure to DEHP. A high concentration of the primary metabolite of DEHP, MEHP (Mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate), was thus identified probably because of a very recent exposure to perfusion materials at the hospital. Pharmacokinetics modelling highlighted that gathering data on the time gap between exposure and biomonitoring is an essential information requirement for reconstructing the dose of non persistent pollutants. Information about exposure pathway is also crucial for conducting effective reverse dosimetry.
Di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) is the most widely used phthalate to convey flexibility and transparency to plastic products made of polyvinyl chloride. It has been recognized as endocrine disruptor and associated with reproductive toxic effects. We examined the effects of perinatal exposure to DEHP on anxiety-like behavior, using the Elevated Plus Maze (EPM) test, in male and female rats at different stages of sexual development. Anxiety-like behavior was expressed as a) frequency of open arm entries over the total arm entries (% FEO); b) time spent in them compared with total time the animal stayed in the EPM (% TSO) and c) time spent in closed arms (TSC). Because DEHP has anti-androgenic action we also tested control and exposed immature male rats pretreated with testosterone. We found sex differences in behavior induced by DEHP; while male rats of 45 and 60 days of age showed a significant decrease in FEO and TSO percentages, as well as an increase in TSC, no changes were observed in anxiety-like behavior in perinatal DEHP exposed females at these ages of sexual maturation. In 60-day-old male rats, DEHP exposure produced a significant decrease in serum testosterone levels. Testosterone replacement was able to antagonize the adverse effects of DEHP exposure on LH, activating the negative feed-back mechanism of this steroid on reproductive axis, as well as increasing FEO and TSO percentages to similar values observed in the control group. These findings suggest that the anti-androgenic action of this chemical could be one possible mechanism underlie anxiogenic-like behavior produced by perinatal DEHP exposure in 60-day-old male rats.
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is one of the common phthalate plasticizers used primarily in soft polyvinyl chloride, which is a plastic polymer that makes up the total weight of goods from 1% up to 40% in many consumer products. The aims of this study were to examine the urinary DEHP metabolites in South Korean children and to investigate the correlation between mother and child DEHP urine excretion. Three kinds of urinary DEHP metabolites: mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (5-OH-MEHP) and mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (5-oxo-MEHP), were analyzed. The total of 954 samples (nChildren=392, nMothers=265, nAadults=297), including 258 mother and child pairs, were analyzed using isotope dilution gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Many studies present higher concentration of DEHP metabolites detected from adults in reproductive age than adults in other ages. Therefore, adults who are age-matched to mothers were evaluated to serve as a standard of comparison against mothers. All statistical analysis was made by adjusting detected volume concentrations (g/L) with respect to creatinine concentrations (mg/dL) since urinary DEHP metabolites were studied using human reference. The difference in median levels of sum of urinary DEHP metabolites was only significant when children were analyzed in relation to region (p-value0.005). Among the three DEHP metabolites, only MEHP of children was significantly correlated to that of paired mothers (p-value0.01). The present paper defines the relative metabolic rate (RMR) of DEHP metabolism for the first time in study on phthalates. Children had faster RMR than mothers and adults, specifically in the first step of DEHP metabolism (RMR1: MEHP hydroxylation to 5-OH-MEHP), and RMR1 of children between 1 and 24 months was the fastest. The above results may be used to study and assess human health risk from DEHP exposures, especially among mothers and children in Korea.
PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Phthalates are multifunctional chemicals used in personal care products, medications, and plastics. We reviewed the epidemiological literature examining the relationship between early life phthalate exposure and pediatric health outcomes. RECENT FINDINGS: Five studies from Asia, Europe, and the United States suggest that childhood exposure to di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) and butylbenzyl phthalate (BBzP) may increase the risk of allergic diseases including asthma and eczema. Six studies from four different prospective cohorts report that gestational BBzP, DEHP, di-butyl phthalate (DBP), and di-ethyl phthalate (DEP) exposures are associated with alterations in infant/toddler physical development as well as parent-reported externalizing, internalizing, and autistic-like child behavior. However, there are inconsistencies related to the specific phthalates and behavioral domains. Two small studies report shorter anogenital distance among male infants with higher gestational phthalate exposure. SUMMARY: Several epidemiological studies suggest fetal and childhood exposure to some phthalates may perturb normal development, with several studies consistently reporting increased risk of allergic diseases with DEHP and BBzP exposure. Although anticipatory guidance is not evidence-based at this time, providers can counsel concerned patients to reduce phthalate exposures in order to protect the developing fetus and child from potential adverse health outcomes. 
Steroid hormone levels in human urine are convenient and sensitive indicators for the impact of phthalates and/or bisphenol A (BPA) exposure on the human steroid hormone endocrine system. In this study, a rapid and sensitive method for determination of 14 phthalate metabolites, BPA, and ten endogenous steroid hormones in urine was developed and validated on the basis of ultra-performance liquid chromatography coupled with electrospray ionization triple quadrupole mass spectrometry. The optimized mixed-mode solid phase-extraction separated the weakly acidic or neutral BPA and steroid hormones from acidic phthalate metabolites in urine: the former were determined in positive ion mode with a methanol/water mobile phase containing 10 mM ammonium formate; the latter were determined in negative ion mode with a acetonitrile/water mobile phase containing 0.1 % acetic acid, which significantly alleviated matrix effects for the analysis of BPA and steroid hormones. Dansylation of estrogens and BPA realized simultaneous and sensitive analysis of the endogenous steroid hormones and BPA in a single chromatographic run. The limits of detection were less than 0.84 ng/mL for phthalate metabolites and less than 0.22 ng/mL for endogenous steroid hormones and BPA. This proposed method had satisfactory precision and accuracy, and was successfully applied to the analyses of human urine samples. This method could be valuable when investigating the associations among endocrine-disrupting chemicals, endogenous steroid hormones, and relevant adverse outcomes in epidemiological studies.
BACKGROUND: Lab studies have suggested that ubiquitous phthalate exposures are related to obesity, but relevant epidemiological studies are scarce, especially for children. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of phthalate exposures with body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference (WC) in Chinese school children. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted in three primary and three middle schools randomly selected from Changning District of Shanghai City of China in 2011-2012. According to the physical examination data in October, 2011, 124 normal weight, 53 overweight, and 82 obese students 8-15 years of age were randomly chosen from these schools on the basis of BMI-based age- and sex-specific criterion. First morning urine was collected in January, 2012, and fourteen urine phthalate metabolites (free plus conjugated) were determined by ultra-performance liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry. Multiple linear regression was used to explore the associations between naturally log-transformed urine phthalate metabolites and BMI or WC. RESULTS: The urine specific gravity-corrected concentrations of nine urine phthalate metabolites and five molar sums were positively associated with BMI or WC in Chinese school children after adjustment for age and sex. However, when other urine phthalate metabolites were included in the models together with age and sex as covariables, most of these significant associations disappeared except for mono (2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) and monoethyl phthalate (MEP). Additionally, some associations showed sex- or age-specific differences. CONCLUSIONS: Some phthalate exposures were associated with BMI or WC in Chinese school children. Given the cross-sectional nature of this study and lack of some important obesity-related covariables, further studies are needed to confirm the associations. 
Diet is a primary source of exposure for high-molecular-weight phthalates and bisphenol A (BPA), but little is known about the efficacy of various interventions to reduce exposures. We conducted a randomized trial with 10 families to test the efficacy of a 5-day complete dietary replacement (Arm 1; n=21) versus written recommendations to reduce phthalate and BPA exposures (Arm 2; n=19). We measured phthalate and BPA concentrations in urine samples at baseline, intervention, and post-intervention periods. We used Wilcoxon paired signed-rank tests to assess change in concentrations across time and multi-level mixed effects regression models to assess differences between Arms 1 and 2. Urinary di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) metabolite concentrations increased unexpectedly from a median of 283.7nmol/g at baseline to 7027.5nmol/g during the intervention (P<0.0001) among Arm 1 participants, and no significant changes were observed for Arm 2 participants. We observed a statistically significant increase in total BPA concentration between baseline and intervention periods in Arm 1 but no significant changes in Arm 2. Arm 1 food ingredient testing for DEHP revealed concentrations of 21,400ng/g in ground coriander and 673ng/g in milk. Food contamination with DEHP led to unexpected increases in urinary phthalate concentrations in a trial intended to minimize exposure. In the absence of regulation to reduce phthalate and BPA concentrations in food production, it may be difficult to develop effective interventions that are feasible in the general population. An estimate of DEHP daily intake for children in the dietary replacement Arm was above the US Environmental Protection Agency oral reference dose and the European Food Safety Authority's tolerable daily intake, suggesting that food contamination can be a major source of DEHP exposure.
In this study, magnetic carbon nanotubes (MCNTs) were prepared by assembling magnetic nanoparticles onto the acid-treated multiwall carbon nanotubes (MWCNTs). Due to their excellent adsorption capability, the MCNTs were used as adsorbent of magnetic solid-phase extraction (MSPE) to extract phthalate monoesters (PMEs), the main biomarkers of phthalate exposure, from human urine. By coupling MSPE with gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS), a reliable, sensitive and cost-effective method for the simultaneous determination of five main PMEs including monomethyl phthalate (MMP), monoethyl phthalate (MEP), mono n-butyl phthalate (MBP), mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) and monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP) was developed. The factors that could influence the extraction, including the amount of magnetic nanoparticles, pH of sample solution, extraction and desorption time, the amount of salt addition, the type and volume of desorption solvent were investigated in detail. Under optimized conditions, the LODs and LOQs achieved were in the range of 0.025-0.050 and 0.125-0.250 ng mL(-1) respectively. And calibration curves were linear (r(2)0.992) over the concentration ranges from 0.250 to 250 ng mL(-1). In addition, a satisfying reproducibility was achieved by evaluating the intra- and inter-day precisions with relative standard deviations (RSDs) less than 11.2% and 11.4%, respectively. The recoveries of the five PMEs ranged from 92.6% to 98.8% with the RSDs less than 10.7%. Finally, the established MSPE-GC-MS method was successfully applied to determine PMEs in human urine samples. MMP, MEP, MBP and MEHP were detected in most of the samples with the median concentration of 8.46, 9.26, 13.60, and 5.95 ng mL(-1) respectively. MBzP was detected in 58.3% of the samples with the median concentration of 3.05 ng mL(-1). Taken together, the MSPE-GC-MS method developed in current study provides a new option for the determination of PMEs in human urine.
Total daily intakes of diethyl phthalate (DEP), di(n-butyl) phthalate (DnBP), di(isobutyl) phthalate (DiBP), butyl benzyl phthalate (BBzP) and di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) were calculated from phthalate metabolite levels measured in the urine of 431 Danish children between 3 and 6 years of age. For each child the intake attributable to exposures in the indoor environment via dust ingestion, inhalation and dermal absorption were estimated from the phthalate levels in the dust collected from the child's home and daycare center. Based on the urine samples, DEHP had the highest total daily intake (median: 4.42 g/d/kg-bw) and BBzP the lowest (median: 0.49 g/d/kg-bw). For DEP, DnBP and DiBP, exposures to air and dust in the indoor environment accounted for approximately 100%, 15% and 50% of the total intake, respectively, with dermal absorption from the gas-phase being the major exposure pathway. More than 90% of the total intake of BBzP and DEHP came from sources other than indoor air and dust. Daily intake of DnBP and DiBP from all exposure pathways, based on levels of metabolites in urine samples, exceeded the Tolerable Daily Intake (TDI) for 22 and 23 children, respectively. Indoor exposures resulted in an average daily DiBP intake that exceeded the TDI for 14 children. Using the concept of relative cumulative Tolerable Daily Intake (TDI(cum)), which is applicable for phthalates that have established TDIs based on the same health endpoint, we examined the cumulative total exposure to DnBP, DiBP and DEHP from all pathways; it exceeded the tolerable levels for 30% of the children. From the three indoor pathways alone, several children had a cumulative intake that exceeded TDI(cum). Exposures to phthalates present in the air and dust indoors meaningfully contribute to a child's total intake of certain phthalates. Such exposures, by themselves, may lead to intakes exceeding current limit values.
Phthalates are ubiquitous in the environment and thus exposure to these compounds can occur in various forms. Foods are one source of such exposure. There are only a limited number of studies that describe the levels of phthalates (diesters, monoesters and phthalic acid) in foods and assess the exposure from this source. In this study the levels of selected phthalate diesters, phthalate monoesters and phthalic acid in total diet study (TDS) samples are determined and the resulting exposure estimated. The methodology for the determination of phthalic acid and nine phthalate monoesters (mono-isopropyl phthalate, mono-n-butyl phthalate, mono-isobutyl phthalate, mono-benzyl phthalate, mono-cyclohexyl phthalate, mono-n-pentyl phthalate, mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, mono-n-octyl phthalate and mono-isononyl phthalate) in foods is described. In this method phthalate monoesters and phthalic acid are extracted from the foodstuffs with a mixture of acidified acetonitrile and dichloromethane. The method uses isotope-labelled phthalic acid and phthalate monoester internal standards and is appropriate for quantitative determination in the concentration range of 5-100 g kg. The method was validated in-house and its broad applicability demonstrated by the analysis of high-fat, high-carbohydrate and high-protein foodstuffs as well as combinations of all three major food constituents. The methodology used for 15 major phthalate diesters has been reported elsewhere. Phthalic acid was the most prevalent phthalate, being detected in 17 food groups. The highest concentration measured was di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in fish (789 g kg). Low levels of mono-n-butyl phthalate and mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate were detected in several of the TDS animal-based food groups and the highest concentrations measured corresponded with the most abundant diesters (di-n-butyl phthalate and di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate). The UK Committee on Toxicity of Chemicals in Food, Consumer Products and the Environment (COT) considered the levels found and concluded that they did not indicate a risk to human health from dietary exposure alone.
Phthalates, which are ubiquitous in the environment, are readily metabolized in human bodies to their respective monoesters. These phthalate monoesters are non-persistent with short half-lives, which make them the ideal biomarkers of human exposure to phthalates. In this study a direct analysis method without preconcentration was developed and validated for the following phthalate ester metabolites in urine: mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate, mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate, monobenzyl phthalate, mono-isobutylphthalate, mono-n-butyl phthalate and monoethyl phthalate. The recovery of the phthalate ester metabolites varied between 97% and 104%. The intraday precision for the replicate analysis (n=10) of a urine sample did not exceed 5% for most of the compounds. The coefficient of variance amounted to 2-3%. The limit of quantification was set equal to 0.5g/L for the majority of the compounds. A comparison between the direct analysis method and a foregoing solid phase extraction (SPE) of the urine sample was made. Finally, the applicability of the direct analysis method was tested in three interlaboratory comparisons.
Studies of developmental effects of mixtures of endocrine disrupters on the male reproductive system are of great concern. In this study, the reproductive effects of the co-administration of di-2-(ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and genistein (GEN) during pregnancy and lactation were studied in male rat offspring. Pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were gavaged from gestation day 3 to postnatal day 21 with vehicle control, DEHP 250 mg/kg body weight (bwyday, GEN 50 mg/kg bwday, GEN 400 mg/kg bwday, and two combinations of the two compounds (DEHP 250 mg/kg bwday + GEN 50 mg/kg bwday, DEHP 250 mg/kg bwday + GEN 400 mg/kg bwday). The outcomes studied were general morphometry (weight, AGD), testicular histology, testosterone levels, and expression at the mRNA level of genes involved in steroidogenesis. Organ coefficient, AGD / body weight1/3 , serum testosterone concentration and genes involved in steroidogenic pathway expression when exposed to DEHP (250mg/kg bwday), GEN(50mg/kg bwday) or GEN(400mg/kg bwday) alone were not significantly different from the control group. When exposed to (DEHP 250mg/kg bwday +GEN 50mg/kg bwday) together during pregnancy and lactation, serum testosterone concentration, epididymis coefficient and Cypal17a1,Scarb1 m RNA expression significantly decreased compared to the control and GEN(50mg/kg bwday). When exposed to (DEHP 250mg/kg bwday +GEN 400mg/kg bwday) together during pregnancy and lactation, AGD / body weight1/3 , serum testosterone concentration, testis and epididymis coefficient and Star, Cypal17a1 mRNA expression appeared significantly decreased compared to the control and DEHP/GEN single exposure, together with developmental impairment of seminiferous tubules and seminiferous epithelium. Overall, co-administration of DEHP and GEN during gestation and lactation seem to acts in a cumulative manner to induce the most significant alterations in the neonate, especially with GEN at high dose, although the effect of the DEHP-GEN mixture on adult offspring should be observed further. 
Reproductive effects from phthalate exposure have been documented mostly in animal studies. This study explored the association between prenatal exposure to phthalate metabolites, anogenital distance and penile measurements in male newborns in Toluca, State of Mexico. A total of 174 pregnant women provided urine samples for phthalate analysis during their last prenatal visit, and the 73 who gave birth to male infants were included in the study. The 73 male newborns were weighed and measured using standardized methods after delivery. After adjusting for creatinine and supine length at birth, significant inverse associations were observed between an index of prenatal exposure to total phthalate exposure and the distance from the anus to anterior base of the penis ( = -0.191 mm per 1 g/l, P = 0.037), penile width ( = -0.0414, P = 0.050) and stretched length ( = -0.2137, P = 0.034); prenatal exposure to mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate exposure was associated with a reduction in the stretched length of the penis ( = -0.2604, P = 0.050). Human exposure to phthalates is a public health concern, and the system most vulnerable to its potential effects seems to be the immature male reproductive tract. 
A method of analysis was developed to determine free and glucuronated monobutyl phthalate (BuP) and monobenzyl phthalate (BeP) in urine for the assessment of exposure of man to butylbenzyl phthalate (BBP) in the workplace and in the environment. This method has also been applied in pharmacokinetic studies in experimental animals and the determination in urine of exposed workers. Urine samples are first subjected to enzymatic hydrolysis with -glucuronidase to enable the measurement of the total amount of monophthalates excreted. A fraction of the hydrolysate is used for further analysis. Monohexyl phthalate is added as an internal standard and the hydrolysed urine extracted with a n-hexane/ dichloromethane mixture after acidification and saturation with salt. The organic fractions are washed, dehydrated and evaporated. The residue is methylated by means of diazomethane dissolved in diethylether, evaporated and further purified by extraction into n-hexane from an alkaline buffer. The organic fractions are evaporated and the residue redissolved in acetonitrile for analysis by ion trap GC-MS equipped with a 50 m apolar WCOT capillary column. TIC mass chromatograms are recorded from which SIM chromatograms can be derived electronically. The m/z values used are 91, 149, and 163 which provide a sufficient sensitive response and which are specific enough to pick up the methylated monophthalates under investigation. The quantitative limit of detection (LOQ) is 60 g/L for BuP and BeP when using the Magnum ion Trap detector and 3 g/L when using the Polaris Q in the splitless mode. The calibration curve in urine is linear from 120 g/L to 50,000 g/L with a coefficient of variation of less than 10 % . In case of the Polaris Q linearity started from 10 g/L. The recovery of the method is monitored by the response signal of the internal standard in the ion chromatogram. In the event of insufficient recovery the analysis is repeated. Variations in recovery are compensated by the internal standard of which the molecular structure is very similar to the ones of the monophthalates under investigation. 
