Exposure to dioxins and dibenzofurans through the consumption of fish.
Dioxins and dibenzofurans in blood and adipose tissue of Agent Orange-exposed Vietnam veterans and matched controls.
PCB and PCDF congeners in the blood and tissues of yusho and yu-cheng patients.
Polychlorinated biphenyls, dibenzofurans and quaterphenyls in toxic rice-bran oil and in the blood and tissues of patients with PCB poisoning (Yu-Cheng) in Taiwan.
Polychlorinated biphenyl poisoning: correlation of sensory and motor nerve conduction, neurologic symptoms, and blood levels of polychlorinated biphenyls, quaterphenyls, and dibenzofurans.
Liquid-gel partitioning using Lipidex in the determination of polychlorinated biphenyls, naphthalenes, dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in blood plasma.
PCDD/PCDF levels in the blood of workers at a pulp and paper mill.
Biphasic modulation of protein kinase C (PKC) activity by polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) in serum-deprived rat aortic smooth muscle cells.
PCDD and PCDF exposure and levels in humans in Germany.
Chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans and the human immune system. 1. Blood cell receptors in volunteers with moderately increased body burdens.
Elimination of polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) from human blood in the Yusho and Yu-Cheng rice oil poisonings.
Occupational exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in a magnesium production plant.
Elimination of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in occupationally exposed persons.
Quantification of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins in human serum by combined micelle-mediated extraction (cloud-point extraction) and HPLC.
Intake, fecal excretion, and body burden of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in breast-fed and formula-fed infants.
Levels of PCDD/PCDF in blood fat as indices of the PCDD/PCDF body burden in humans.
Chlorinated dibenzodioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) in blood and human milk of non occupationally exposed persons living in the vicinity of a municipal waste incinerator.
Serum levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in pulp and paper mill workers.
Middle-ear disease in children exposed prenatally to polychlorinated biphenyls and polychlorinated dibenzofurans.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran levels and patterns in polyvinylchloride and chloralkali industry workers.
Blood levels of polychlorinated dibenzodioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans and polychlorinated biphenyls in the general population of a Spanish Mediterranean city.
Analyses of exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, furans, and hexachlorocyclohexane and different health outcomes in a cohort of former herbicide-producing workers in Hamburg, Germany.
Exposure of workers to 2,3,7,8-substituted polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin (PCDD) and dibenzofuran (PCDF) compounds in sawmills previously using chlorophenol-containing antistain agents.
Estimation of the cumulated exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins/furans and standardized mortality ratio analysis of cancer mortality by dose in an occupationally exposed cohort.
PCDD/PCDF indoor exposure in day-care centers and PCDD/PCDF blood concentrations of female employees.
Lack of suppressive effects of mixtures containing low levels of methylmercury (MeHg), polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDS), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFS), and aroclor biphenyls (PCBS) on mixed lymphocyte reaction, phagocytic, and natural killer cell activities of rat leukocytes in vitro.
Contaminants in ospreys from the Pacific Northwest: I. Trends and patterns in polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and -dibenzofurans in eggs and plasma.
Time course of PCDD/PCDF/PCB concentrations in breast-feeding mothers and their infants.
Decrease in levels and body burden of dioxins, dibenzofurans, PCBS, DDE, and HCB in blood and milk in a mother nursing twins over a thirty-eight month period.
Partitioning of dioxins, dibenzofurans, and coplanar PCBS in blood, milk, adipose tissue, placenta and cord blood from five American women.
Recent trend of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and their related compounds in the blood and sebum of Yusho and Yu Cheng patients.
PCDD/F concentrations in milk of nonoccupationally exposed women living in southern Catalonia, Spain.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and related compounds: correlations of levels in human tissues and in blood.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and related compounds: the blood levels of young Japanese women.
Clearance of PCDD/Fs via the gastrointestinal tract in occupationally exposed persons.
Blood lipid concentrations of dioxins and dibenzofurans causing chloracne.
Serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans among people eating contaminated home-produced eggs and beef.
Decrease of PCDD/F levels in human blood from Germany over the past ten years (1989-1998).
Psychological effects upon exposure to polyhalogenated dibenzodioxins and dibenzofurans.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran concentrations in the serum samples of workers at continuously burning municipal waste incinerators in Japan.
Chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans and the human immune system: 3. Plasma immunoglobulins and cytokines of workers with quantified moderately-increased body burdens.
Decrease of PCDD/F levels in human blood--trend analysis for the German population, 1991-1996.
Internal exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDDs/PCDFs) of Bavarian chimney sweeps.
Human exposure to PCDD/Fs in the UK: the development of a modelling approach to give historical and future perspectives.
Concentration changes for 5 PCDD/F congeners after administration in beef cattle.
PCDD and PCDF exposures in workers and controls living near an industrial waste incinerator.
On the isolation of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and furans from serum samples using immunoaffinity chromatography prior to high-resolution gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Comparison of CALUX-TEQ values with PCB and PCDD/F measurements in human serum of the Flanders Environmental and Health Study (FLEHS).
Levels of dioxins and dibenzofurans in breast milk of women residing in two cities in the Irkutsk Region of Russian Siberia compared with American levels.
Detailed study on the levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans and polychlorinated biphenyls in Yusho rice oil.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran concentrations in serum samples of workers at intermittently burning municipal waste incinerators in Japan.
Persistent organochlorine pollutants in human serum of 50-65 years old women in the Flanders Environmental and Health Study (FLEHS). Part 2: Correlations among PCBs, PCDD/PCDFs and the use of predictive markers.
Assessment of health effects in New York City firefighters after exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs): the Staten Island Transformer Fire Health Surveillance Project.
Associations between dietary intake and serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran (PCDD/F) levels in Taiwanese.
Fish intake, plasma omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins/polychlorinated dibenzo-furans and co-planar polychlorinated biphenyls in the blood of the Japanese population.
Neonatal and childhood teeth in relation to perinatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans: observations of the Yucheng children in Taiwan.
Serum PCDD/F concentration distribution in residents living in the vicinity of an incinerator and its association with predicted ambient dioxin exposure.
Infant exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans and biphenyls (PCDD/Fs, PCBs)--correlation between prenatal and postnatal exposure.
Yucheng: health effects of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans.
PCDD/Fs levels in indoor environments and blood of workers of three municipal waste incinerators in Taiwan.
Influence of an industrial waste incinerator as assessed by the levels and congener patterns of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans.
PCDD/F and non-ortho PCB concentrations in adipose tissue of individuals living in the vicinity of a hazardous waste incinerator.
Sorbent-assisted liquid-liquid extraction (Chem-Elut) of polychlorinated biphenyls, dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in the lipid fraction of human blood plasma.
Concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans, and polychlorinated biphenyls in human blood samples from Korea.
Profile of PCDD/F levels in serum of general Taiwanese between different gender, age and smoking status.
Biomonitoring of persistent organochlorine pesticides, PCDD/PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs in blood of children from South West Germany (Baden-Wuerttemberg) from 1993 to 2003.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran concentrations in serum samples of workers at an infectious waste incineration plant in Japan.
Evaluation of PCDD/Fs patterns emitted from incinerator via direct ambient sampling and indirect serum levels assessment of Taiwanese.
Congener profiles of PCBs and PCDD/Fs in Yucheng victims fifteen years after exposure to toxic rice-bran oils and their implications for epidemiologic studies.
Comparison of the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans, and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in maternal and fetal blood, amniotic and allantoic fluids in cattle.
Serum hormones in boys prenatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans.
High average daily intake of PCDD/Fs and serum levels in residents living near a deserted factory producing pentachlorophenol (PCP) in Taiwan: influence of contaminated fish consumption.
Exposure of arc-furnace-plant workers to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs).
Interactive effects between CYP1A1 genotypes and environmental polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans exposures on liver function profile.
Biochemistry examinations and health disorder evaluation of Taiwanese living near incinerators and with low serum PCDD/Fs levels.
Fatty liver and hepatic function for residents with markedly high serum PCDD/Fs levels in Taiwan.
Exposure assessment of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) in temporary municipal-waste-incinerator maintenance workers before and after annual maintenance.
Human PCDD/PCDF levels near a pentachlorophenol contamination site in Tainan, Taiwan.
Patterns of serum PCDD/Fs affected by vegetarian regime and consumption of local food for residents living near municipal waste incinerators from Taiwan.
Evaluation of PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB serum concentration data from the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey of the United States population.
Concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and non-ortho and mono-ortho polychlorinated biphenyls in blood of Yusho patients.
Lipid peroxidation and antioxidant status in workers exposed to PCDD/Fs of metal recovery plants.
Association between tofu intake and serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) in the elderly Taiwanese.
PCDD/F levels in plasma of a belgian population before and after the 1999 belgian PCB/DIOXIN incident.
Biomonitoring of PCDD/Fs in populations living near portuguese solid waste incinerators: levels in human milk.
PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB in human blood and milk from German mothers.
A study on PCB, PCDD/PCDF industrial contamination in a mixed urban-agricultural area significantly affecting the food chain and the human exposure. Part I: soil and feed.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in the serum of US Air Force veterans in 2002.
Serum concentrations of chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans among former Michigan trichlorophenol and pentachlorophenol workers.
Concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in blood collected from 195 pregnant women in Sapporo City, Japan.
Exposure and health-risk assessment of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) for sinter plant workers.
The Duisburg birth cohort study: influence of the prenatal exposure to PCDD/Fs and dioxin-like PCBs on thyroid hormone status in newborns and neurodevelopment of infants until the age of 24 months.
Addendum to: Evaluation of PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB serum concentration data from the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey of the United States population.
Chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans, and biphenyl profiles of workers with trichlorophenol and pentachlorophenol exposures.
Exposure to a mixture of polychlorinated biphenyls and polychlorinated dibenzofurans resulted in a prolonged time to pregnancy in women.
Concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in blood and breast milk collected from 60 mothers in Sapporo City, Japan.
PCDD/F and PCB in human serum of differently exposed population groups of an Italian city.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins/polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and organochlorine pesticides in human blood of pregnant women from Germany.
Elevated levels of urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine in male electrical and electronic equipment dismantling workers exposed to high concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans, polybrominated diphenyl ethers, and polychlorinated biphenyls.
Assessment of current serum levels of PCDD/Fs, dl-PCBs and PBDEs in a Dutch cohort with known perinatal PCDD/F exposure.
The relation between the estimated dietary intake of PCDD/Fs and levels in blood in a Flemish population (50-65 years).
Concentration and age-dependent elimination kinetics of polychlorinated dibenzofurans in Yucheng and Yusho patients.
Evaluation of background persistent organic pollutant levels in human from Taiwan: polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans, and biphenyls.
Concentrations of PCDD/PCDFs in plasma of subjects living in the vicinity of a hazardous waste incinerator: follow-up and modeling validation.
Reduced expression of von Hippel-Lindau gene in subjects exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans.
Validation of the CALUX bioassay for PCDD/F analyses in human blood plasma and comparison with GC-HRMS.
Mortality after exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and polychlorinated dibenzofurans: a 40-year follow-up study of Yusho patients.
Particle size distributions and health-related exposures of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) of sinter plant workers.
Levels of PCDD/F in adipose tissue on non-occupationally exposed subjects living near a hazardous waste incinerator in Catalonia, Spain.
PCB, PCDD and PCDF contamination of food of animal origin as the effect of soil pollution and the cause of human exposure in Brescia.
An integrated approach for identification of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) pollutant sources based on human blood contents.
Serum levels of polychlorinated dibenzodioxins and dibenzofurans and PCBs in the general population living near an urban waste treatment plant in Biscay, Basque Country.
Risk assessment of PCDD/Fs levels in human tissues related to major food items based on chemical analyses and micro-EROD assay.
Serum concentrations of chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans among former New Zealand trichlorophenol workers.
Exposure assessment at a PCDD/F contaminated site in Sweden--field measurements of exposure media and blood serum analysis.
Distribution of air and serum PCDD/F levels of electric arc furnaces and secondary aluminum and copper smelters.
Relationship between the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and polychlorinated biphenyls in maternal blood and those in breast milk.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in blood and breast milk samples from residents of a schistosomiasis area with Na-PCP application in China.
Distribution of PCDD/Fs, PCBs, PBDEs and organochlorine residues in children's blood from Zhejiang, China.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans, biphenyls, and naphthalenes in plasma of workers deployed at the World Trade Center after the collapse.
Predicting PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB contamination levels in bovine edible tissues from in vivo sampling.
Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) and trace metals in the blood of nonoccupationally exposed residents living in the vicinity of a municipal solid waste incinerator and electric arc furnace.
Interrelationship between exposure to PCDD/Fs and hypertension in metabolic syndrome in Taiwanese living near a highly contaminated area.
Ecological risk assessment of great horned owls (Bubo virginianus) exposed to PCDD/DF in the Tittabawassee River floodplain in Midland, Michigan, USA.
Tissue-based risk assessment of great blue heron (Ardea herodias) exposed to PCDD/DF in the Tittabawassee River floodplain, Michigan, USA.
Relationship of PCDD/F concentrations in duck-egg farmers and consumption of ranched duck eggs in central Taiwan.
Menstrual effects among women exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans.
An occupational exposure assessment of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofurans in firefighters.
Longitudinal increases in PCDD/F and dl-PCB concentrations in human milk in northern China.
Quantification of PCDD/Fs and dioxin-like PCBs in small amounts of human serum using the sensitive H1L7.5c1 mouse hepatoma cell line: optimization and analysis of human serum samples from adolescents of the Flemish human biomonitoring program FLEHS II.
PCDD, PCDF, and PCB exposure in current and former firefighters from Eastern Siberia.
Concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and polychlorinated biphenyls in blood and breast milk collected from pregnant women in Sapporo City, Japan.
Biochemical study of retired pentachlorophenol workers with and without following dietary exposure to PCDD/Fs.
Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) in blood samples of occupationally exposed workers from a transformer recycling plant in Dortmund, Germany-initial findings.
PCDD/PCDF, dl-PCB and PBDE serum levels of Slovak general population.
PCDD/F and PCB concentrations in sera from the Canadian Health Measures Survey (CHMS) from 2007 to 2009.
Polytopic vector analysis of soil, dust, and serum samples to evaluate exposure sources of PCDD/Fs.
Prenatal and early life exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans and biphenyls may influence dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels at prepubertal age: results from the Duisburg birth cohort study.
Prevalence of low chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin/dibenzofurans in human serum.
Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in placentas from the Spanish INMA birth cohort study.
Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans and polychlorinated biphenyls in human milk from different regions of France.
PCDD/Fs in plasma of individuals living near a hazardous waste incinerator. A comparison of measured levels and estimated concentrations by PBPK modeling.
Hyperuricemia after exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans near a highly contaminated area.
