Changes in blood and urine composition from feeding polybrominated biphenyls to pregnant Holstein heifers.
Relation of DDE and PBB serum levels in farm residents, consumers, and Michigan Chemical Corporation employees.
PBB homologs in sera of Michigan dairy farmers and Michigan chemical workers.
Analysis of adipose tissue and serum from PBB (polybrominated biphenyl)-exposed workers.
Impaired immune function and identification of polybrominated biphenyls (PBB) in blood compartments of exposed Michigan dairy farmers and chemical workers.
The caffeine breath test and caffeine urinary metabolite ratios in the Michigan cohort exposed to polybrominated biphenyls: a preliminary study.
Determinants of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), polybrominated biphenyls (PBBs), and dichlorodiphenyl trichloroethane (DDT) levels in the sera of young children.
Polybrominated biphenyls in model and environmentally contaminated human blood: protein binding and immunotoxicological studies.
Effect of polybrominated biphenyls on the growth and maturation of human peripheral blood lymphocytes.
Serum isocitrate dehydrogenase during polybrominated biphenyl toxicosis in dairy cattle.
Distribution of polybrominated biphenyls (PBB) among fractions derived from contaminated human plasma.
Temperature-programmed gas chromatographic determination of polychlorinated and polybrominated biphenyls in serum.
Partitioning of polybrominated biphenyls (PBBs) in serum, adipose tissue, breast milk, placenta, cord blood, biliary fluid, and feces.
Long-term effects of a single oral dose of polybrominated biphenyls on serum and liver lipids in rats.
Effects of polybrominated biphenyls on the concentration and clearance of steroids from blood.
Half-life of polybrominated biphenyl in human sera.
Cancer among a Michigan cohort exposed to polybrominated biphenyls in 1973.
Flame retardant exposure: polybrominated diphenyl ethers in blood from Swedish workers.
Determinants of polybrominated biphenyl serum decay among women in the Michigan PBB cohort.
Age at menarche and tanner stage in girls exposed in utero and postnatally to polybrominated biphenyl.
Effects of short-term in vivo exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers on thyroid hormones and hepatic enzyme activities in weanling rats.
Changes in serum PBB and PCB levels over time among women of varying ages at exposure.
Effects of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) on thyroid hormone and vitamin A levels in rats and mice.
Breast-feeding among women exposed to polybrominated biphenyls in Michigan.
Comparing electron ionization high-resolution and electron capture low-resolution mass spectrometric determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in plasma, serum and milk.
Exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers and tetrabromobisphenol A among computer technicians.
Levels of polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) flame retardants in animals representing different trophic levels of the North Sea food Web.
Polybrominated biphenyl exposure and benign breast disease in a cohort of US women.
Human prenatal and postnatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated biphenyls, polychlorobiphenylols, and pentachlorophenol.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in maternal and fetal blood samples.
A review on human exposure to brominated flame retardants--particularly polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Identification of hydroxylated and methoxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in Baltic Sea salmon (Salmo salar) blood.
Potential exposure to PCBs, DDT, and PBDEs from sport-caught fish consumption in relation to breast cancer risk in Wisconsin.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in the environment and in people: a meta-analysis of concentrations.
Semiautomated high-throughput extraction and cleanup method for the measurement of polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polybrominated biphenyls, and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum.
Retrospective time-trend study of polybrominated diphenyl ether and polybrominated and polychlorinated biphenyl levels in human serum from the United States.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers: human tissue levels and toxicology.
Impact of fermented brown rice with Aspergillus oryzae (FEBRA) intake and concentrations of polybrominated diphenylethers (PBDEs) in blood of humans from Japan.
Measurement of selected polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polybrominated and polychlorinated biphenyls, and organochlorine pesticides in human serum and milk using comprehensive two-dimensional gas chromatography isotope dilution time-of-flight mass spectrometry.
Evaluation of four capillary columns for the analysis of organochlorine pesticides, polychlorinated biphenyls, and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human serum for epidemiologic studies.
Concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans, and polychlorinated biphenyls in human blood samples from Korea.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in U.S. computers and domestic carpet vacuuming: possible sources of human exposure.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers--plasma levels and thyroid status of workers at an electronic recycling facility.
Assessment of human exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in Japan using archived samples from the early 1980s and mid-1990s.
Identification of hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ether metabolites in blood plasma from polybrominated diphenyl ether exposed rats.
Exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs): changes in thyroid, vitamin A, glutathione homeostasis, and oxidative stress in American kestrels (Falco sparverius).
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers and hydroxylated and methoxylated brominated and chlorinated analogues in the plasma of fish from the Detroit River.
Optimization of the determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human serum using solid-phase extraction and gas chromatography-electron capture negative ionization mass spectrometry.
Quantitative analysis of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in adipose tissue, human serum and foodstuff samples by gas chromatography with ion trap tandem mass spectrometry and isotope dilution.
Gene expression and estrogen sensitivity in rat uterus after developmental exposure to the polybrominated diphenylether PBDE 99 and PCB.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether exposure to electronics recycling workers--a follow up study.
Levels and distribution of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in various tissues of birds of prey.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in South China maternal and fetal blood and breast milk.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE)-induced alterations in vitamin A and thyroid hormone concentrations in the rat during lactation and early postnatal development.
Distribution of polychlorinated biphenyls, organochlorine pesticides and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human umbilical cord serum, maternal serum and milk from Wielkopolska region, Poland.
Levels and concentration ratios of polychlorinated biphenyls and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in serum and breast milk in Japanese mothers.
Concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in blood serum from New Zealand.
Children's exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Automated solid-phase extraction for the determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polychlorinated biphenyls in serum--application on archived Norwegian samples from 1977 to 2003.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) levels in an expanded market basket survey of U.S. food and estimated PBDE dietary intake by age and sex.
Children show highest levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in a California family of four: a case study.
Levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in breast milk from central Taiwan and their relation to infant birth outcome and maternal menstruation effects.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in blood from Korean incinerator workers and general population.
Hydroxy-PCBs, PBDEs, and HBCDDs in serum from an elderly population of Swedish fishermen's wives and associations with bone density.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) levels in livers of U.S. human fetuses and newborns.
A simple and fast method for the simultaneous determination of polychlorinated biphenyls and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in small volumes of human serum.
Risk of spontaneous abortion among women exposed to polybrominated biphenyls.
Survey of polybrominated diphenyl ether levels in Spanish commercial foodstuffs.
Plasma PBDE and thyroxine levels in rats exposed to Bromkal or BDE-47.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether levels in the blood of pregnant women living in an agricultural community in California.
Human exposure to PBDEs: associations of PBDE body burdens with food consumption and house dust concentrations.
Exposure of Americans to polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Endometriosis among women exposed to polybrominated biphenyls.
Developmental delays and locomotor activity in the C57BL6/J mouse following neonatal exposure to the fully-brominated PBDE, decabromodiphenyl ether.
The influence of age at exposure to PBBs on birth outcomes.
Polychlorinated biphenyls, DDT, polybrominated diphenyl ethers, and organic pesticides in United Kingdom harbor seals (Phoca vitulina)--mixed exposures and thyroid homeostasis.
Maternal exposure to polybrominated and polychlorinated biphenyls: infant birth weight and gestational age.
Exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers among workers at an electronic waste dismantling region in Guangdong, China.
Measurement of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and metabolites in mouse plasma after exposure to a commercial pentabromodiphenyl ether mixture.
Developmental exposure to decabromodiphenyl ether (PBDE 209): effects on thyroid hormone and hepatic enzyme activity in male mouse offspring.
Analysis of PBDEs in soil, dust, spiked lake water, and human serum samples by hollow fiber-liquid phase microextraction combined with GC-ICP-MS.
Certification of SRM 1589a PCBs, pesticides, PBDEs, and dioxins/furans in human serum.
Assessment of human exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers in China via fish consumption and inhalation.
Exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers associated with consumption of marine and freshwater fish in Hong Kong.
Exposure of electronics dismantling workers to polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated biphenyls, and organochlorine pesticides in South China.
Elevated PBDE levels in pet cats: sentinels for humans?
Viral infection and PBDE exposure interact on CYP gene expression and enzyme activities in the mouse liver.
Distribution of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human umbilical cord serum, paternal serum, maternal serum, placentas, and breast milk from Madrid population, Spain.
Inhibition of human placental aromatase activity by hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers (OH-PBDEs).
Determinants of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in an urban population.
A decay model for assessing polybrominated biphenyl exposure among women in the Michigan Long-Term PBB Study.
Consumption of fish from a contaminated lake strongly affects the concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and hexabromocyclododecane in serum.
Isolation and recovery of selected polybrominated diphenyl ethers from human serum and sheep serum: coupling reversed-phase solid-phase disk extraction and liquid-liquid extraction techniques with a capillary gas chromatographic electron capture negative ion mass spectrometric determinative technique.
Effects of fifteen PBDE metabolites, DE71, DE79 and TBBPA on steroidogenesis in the H295R cell line.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human serum and sperm quality.
Lack of alterations in thyroid hormones following exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ether 47 during a period of rapid brain development in mice.
In utero and lactational exposures to low doses of polybrominated diphenyl ether-47 alter the reproductive system and thyroid gland of female rat offspring.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and bioaccumulative hydroxylated PBDE metabolites in young humans from Managua, Nicaragua.
Serum concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and polybrominated biphenyl (PBB) in the United States population: 2003-2004.
Elevated serum polybrominated diphenyl ethers and thyroid-stimulating hormone associated with lymphocytic micronuclei in Chinese workers from an E-waste dismantling site.
PBBs, PBDEs, and PCBs levels in hair of residents around e-waste disassembly sites in Zhejiang Province, China, and their potential sources.
Levels and distribution of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in various tissues of foraging hens from an electronic waste recycling area in South China.
Concentration of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in household dust from various countries.
Serum levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in foam recyclers and carpet installers working in the United States.
Human internal and external exposure to PBDEs--a review of levels and sources.
Elevated levels of urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine in male electrical and electronic equipment dismantling workers exposed to high concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans, polybrominated diphenyl ethers, and polychlorinated biphenyls.
Assessment of current serum levels of PCDD/Fs, dl-PCBs and PBDEs in a Dutch cohort with known perinatal PCDD/F exposure.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE) in serum: findings from a US cohort of consumers of sport-caught fish.
Levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in breast milk from Beijing, China.
Exploratory assessment of sportfish consumption and polybrominated diphenyl ether exposure in New York State anglers.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in aircraft cabins--a source of human exposure?
Exposure assessment of French women and their newborn to brominated flame retardants: determination of tri- to deca- polybromodiphenylethers (PBDE) in maternal adipose tissue, serum, breast milk and cord serum.
Birth delivery mode modifies the associations between prenatal polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) and polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) and neonatal thyroid hormone levels.
Comparison of five extraction methods for measuring PCBs, PBDEs, organochlorine pesticides, and lipid content in serum.
An exposure study with polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in female European starlings (Sturnus vulgaris): toxicokinetics and reproductive effects.
Effects of perinatal PBDE exposure on hepatic phase I, phase II, phase III, and deiodinase 1 gene expression involved in thyroid hormone metabolism in male rat pups.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether exposure suppresses cytokines important in the defence to coxsackievirus B3 infection in mice.
Elevated house dust and serum concentrations of PBDEs in California: unintended consequences of furniture flammability standards?
Plasma gas-switching method for gas chromatography/inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry and determination of polybrominated diphenylethers with high precision and sensitivity.
Dietary exposure to 2,2',4,4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether (PBDE-47) alters thyroid status and thyroid hormone-regulated gene transcription in the pituitary and brain.
Innovative application of fluoro tagging to trace airborne particulate and gas-phase polybrominated diphenyl ether exposures.
Hydroxylated metabolites of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human blood samples from the United States.
Distribution of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in breast milk from North China: implication of exposure pathways.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) concentrations in house dust are related to hormone levels in men.
PBDEs in US and German clothes dryer lint: a potential source of indoor contamination and exposure.
Exposure assessment of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in Mexican children.
PCBs and DDE, but not PBDEs, increase with trophic level and marine input in nestling bald eagles.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers and their hydroxylated analogs in plasma of bottlenose dolphins (Tursiops truncatus) from the United States east coast.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in the serum and breast milk of the resident population from production area, China.
Factors influencing concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in students from Antwerp, Belgium.
Human exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE), as evidenced by data from a duplicate diet study, indoor air, house dust, and biomonitoring in Germany.
A cohort study of the association between secondary sex ratio and parental exposure to polybrominated biphenyl (PBB) and polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB).
Patterns and concentration levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in placental tissue of women in Denmark.
Serum polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) levels are higher in children (2-5 years of age) than in infants and adults.
Evaluation of automated stir bar sorptive extraction-thermal desorption-gas chromatography electron capture negative ion mass spectrometry for the analysis of PBDEs and PBBs in sheep and human serum.
Breast-milk levels of polybrominated diphenyl ether flame retardants in relation to women's age and pre-pregnant body mass index.
Concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in breast milk correlated to maternal age, education level, and occupational exposure.
Immunoassay for monitoring environmental and human exposure to the polybrominated diphenyl ether BDE-47.
Levels and patterns of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in children's plasma from Dalian, China.
Household exposures to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in a Wisconsin Cohort.
Prenatal exposure to PBDEs and neurodevelopment.
Exposure assessment of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE) in umbilical cord blood of Korean infants.
Partitioning of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in serum and milk from the same mothers.
PBDE concentrations in women's serum and fecundability.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), polychlorinated biphenyles (PCBs), hydroxylated and methoxylated-PBDEs, and methylsulfonyl-PCBs in bird serum from South China.
Congener-specific body burden levels and possible determinants of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in the general Japanese population.
Developmental exposure to a commercial PBDE mixture, DE-71: neurobehavioral, hormonal, and reproductive effects.
Distribution of PCDD/Fs, PCBs, PBDEs and organochlorine residues in children's blood from Zhejiang, China.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers and synthetic musks in umbilical cord serum, maternal serum, and breast milk from Seoul, South Korea.
Toxicity of Bromkal 70-5DE, a technical mixture of polybrominated diphenyl ethers, following 28 d of oral exposure in rats and impact of analysed impurities.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in paired samples of maternal and umbilical cord blood plasma and associations with house dust in a Danish cohort.
Determination of selected polybrominated diphenylethers and polybrominated biphenyl in polymers by ultrasonic-assisted extraction and high-performance liquid chromatography-inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry.
Relationships between polybrominated diphenyl ether concentrations in house dust and serum.
Significantly higher polybrominated diphenyl ether levels in young U.S. children than in their mothers.
PCB and PBDE levels in wild common carp (Cyprinus carpio) from eastern Lake Erie.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in the indoor environment and associations with prenatal exposure.
PBDE exposure from food in Ireland: optimising data exploitation in probabilistic exposure modelling.
Evaluation of liver and thyroid toxicity in Sprague-Dawley rats after exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ether BDE-209.
Dietary exposure of juvenile common sole (Solea solea L.) to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs): Part 2. Formation, bioaccumulation and elimination of hydroxylated metabolites.
High concentrations of polybrominated diphenylethers (PBDEs) in breast adipose tissue of California women.
Exposure patterns of UV filters, fragrances, parabens, phthalates, organochlor pesticides, PBDEs, and PCBs in human milk: correlation of UV filters with use of cosmetics.
Distribution of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and other persistent organic pollutants in human serum from Greece.
Negative associations between PBDE levels and thyroid hormones in cord blood.
PBDEs in serum and blubber of harbor, grey and harp seal pups from Eastern Canada.
Does flying present a threat of polybrominated diphenyl ether exposure?
Debrominated and methoxylated polybrominated diphenyl ether metabolites in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) after exposure to decabromodiphenyl ether.
Fish consumption and concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in the serum of older residents of upper Hudson River communities.
Dietary exposure of PBDEs resulting from a subsistence diet in three First Nation communities in the James Bay Region of Canada.
PBDEs and PCBs in the liver of the St Lawrence Estuary beluga (Delphinapterus leucas): a comparison of levels and temporal trends with the blubber.
Total consumer exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers in North America and Europe.
Optimized determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polychlorinated biphenyls in sheep serum by solid-phase extraction-gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Adipose levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and risk of breast cancer.
Analysis of hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in rat plasma by using ultra performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in U.S. Meat and poultry from two statistically designed surveys showing trends and levels from 2002 to 2008.
High postnatal exposures to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) via breast milk in California: does BDE-209 transfer to breast milk?
A comparison of PBDE serum concentrations in Mexican and Mexican-American children living in California.
Levels and congener profiles of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in breast milk from Shanghai: implication for exposure route of higher brominated BDEs.
Correlations of PCBs, DIOXIN, and PBDE with TSH in children's blood in areas of computer E-waste recycling.
Exposure of Hong Kong residents to PBDEs and their structural analogues through market fish consumption.
Serum PBDEs and age at menarche in adolescent girls: analysis of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2004.
Human maternal and umbilical cord blood concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Associations between polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) flame retardants, phenolic metabolites, and thyroid hormones during pregnancy.
Exposure to PBDEs in the office environment: evaluating the relationships between dust, handwipes, and serum.
Incidence of thyroid disease following exposure to polybrominated biphenyls and polychlorinated biphenyls, Michigan, 1974-2006.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in human milk as markers of environmental exposure to these compounds.
Reduced thyroxine levels in mice perinatally exposed to polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Environmental exposure to PBDEs and thyroid function among New York anglers.
Determinants of serum polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) levels among pregnant women in the CHAMACOS cohort.
Altered cardiovascular reactivity and osmoregulation during hyperosmotic stress in adult rats developmentally exposed to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs).
Effects of developmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and/or polybrominated diphenyl ethers on cochlear function.
Association of prenatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers and infant birth weight.
Monitoring of PBDEs concentration in umbilical cord blood and breast milk from Korean population and estimating the effects of various parameters on accumulation in humans.
Neurodevelopment of infants with prenatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Prenatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ether flame retardants and neonatal thyroid-stimulating hormone levels in the CHAMACOS study.
New evidence for toxicity of polybrominated diphenyl ethers: DNA adduct formation from quinone metabolites.
Cord blood levels of thyroid hormones and IGF-1 weakly correlate with breast milk levels of PBDEs in Taiwan.
High polybrominated diphenyl ether levels in California house cats: house dust a primary source?
Polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) in blood from children (age 9-12) in Taizhou, China.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in human serum from Southeast China.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE) in blood of children in Baden-Württemberg between 2002/03 and 2008/09.
Picogram per liter level determination of hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in water by liquid chromatography-electrospray tandem mass spectrometry.
Comparisons of polybrominated diphenyl ethers levels in paired South Korean cord blood, maternal blood, and breast milk samples.
Concentrations and speciation of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human amniotic fluid.
Levels and congener profiles of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in primipara breast milk from Shenzhen and exposure risk for breast-fed infants.
Decabromobiphenyl, polybrominated diphenyl ethers, and brominated phenolic compounds in serum of cats diagnosed with the endocrine disease feline hyperthyroidism.
Assessment of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in serum from the Korean general population.
Developmental coexposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and polybrominated diphenyl ethers has additive effects on circulating thyroxine levels in rats.
Measurements of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polychlorinated biphenyls in a single drop of blood.
Serum and follicular fluid concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and in-vitro fertilization outcome.
Synthesis and tentative identification of novel polybrominated diphenyl ether metabolites in human blood.
Assessment of impact of internal exposure to PBDEs on human thyroid function--comparison between congenital hypothyroidism and normal paired blood.
The PBDE-209 exposure during pregnancy and lactation impairs immune function in rats.
Factors associated with serum polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) levels among school-age children in the CHAMACOS cohort.
Debrominated, hydroxylated and methoxylated metabolism in maize (Zea mays L.) exposed to lesser polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs).
PCDD/PCDF, dl-PCB and PBDE serum levels of Slovak general population.
Thyroid endocrine dysregulation and erythrocyte DNA damage associated with PBDE exposure in juvenile crucian carp collected from an e-waste dismantling site in Zhejiang Province, China.
Associations between serum levels of polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) flame retardants and environmental and behavioral factors in pregnant women.
Serum PBDEs in a North Carolina toddler cohort: associations with handwipes, house dust, and socioeconomic variables.
Hydroxylated and methoxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in blood plasma of humans in Hong Kong.
Lactational exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers and its relation to social and emotional development among toddlers.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers exposure in breast milk in Shanghai, China: levels, influencing factors and potential health risk for infants.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in maternal serum, umbilical cord serum, colostrum and mature breast milk. Insights from a pilot study and the literature.
Assessment of the levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in blood samples from Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico.
Synthesis and characterization of bromophenol glucuronide and sulfate conjugates for their direct LC-MS/MS quantification in human urine as potential exposure markers for polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers and their methoxylated and hydroxylated analogs in Brown Bullhead (Ameiurus nebulosus) plasma from Lake Ontario.
Levels and distribution of methoxylated and hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in plant and soil samples surrounding a seafood processing factory and a seafood market.
Inverse age-dependent accumulation of decabromodiphenyl ether and other PBDEs in serum from a general adult population.
Assessing exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) for workers in the vicinity of a large recycling facility.
Levels of tetrabromobisphenol A, hexabromocyclododecanes and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human milk from the general population in Beijing, China.
Hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in paired maternal and cord sera.
Improving infant exposure and health risk estimates: using serum data to predict polybrominated diphenyl ether concentrations in breast milk.
Developmental effects of perinatal exposure to PBDE and PCB on gene expression in sexually dimorphic rat brain regions and female sexual behavior.
Simultaneous determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polychlorinated biphenyls by gas chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry in human serum and plasma.
Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) may influence birth weight among infants in a Swedish cohort with background exposure: a cross-sectional study.
