BACKGROUND: In some regions, including the Baltic Sea, fatty fish such as salmon and herring contain high levels of polychlorinated dibenzodioxins and dibenzofurans. We investigated human exposure to these potentially toxic substances in relation to the consumption of fish from the Baltic Sea. METHODS: Plasma levels of 10 different dibenzofurans and 7 dioxins were analyzed in three groups of Swedish men: one group with a high intake of fish (fish eaten almost daily; n = 11), one with a moderate intake of fish (about once per week; n = 9), and one with no consumption of fish (usually because of allergy; n = 9). RESULTS: Plasma levels of several of the compounds we measured were higher in the men with a high intake of fish than in those who consumed moderate amounts, and the levels were higher in those who ate moderate amounts of fish than in those who ate none. The median amounts of the most toxic dioxin (2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin) were 8.0 pg per gram of plasma lipid (range, 2.0 to 13) in the high-intake group, 2.6 pg per gram (range, 1.2 to 4.2) in the moderate-intake group, and 1.8 pg per gram (range, 1.0 to 2.5) in the nonconsumers (P = 0.001 and 0.02, respectively). There were consistent and statistically significant associations between the reported amount of fish eaten and the plasma levels of several of the dibenzofurans and dioxins. CONCLUSIONS: Contaminated fish such as those from the Baltic Sea are an important source of exposure to polychlorinated dibenzofurans and dibenzodioxins in persons who eat fish regularly. However, the clinical consequences of such exposure remain uncertain. 
Vietnam veterans who were heavily exposed to Agent Orange exceeded matched control subjects in both blood and adipose tissue levels of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) but not in the levels of the 12 other 2,3,7,8-substituted dioxins and dibenzofurans that were detected. Since only TCDD among these compounds was present in Agent Orange but all are present in the population of the industrialized world, it is likely that the elevated TCDD levels arose from wartime exposure. The high correlation (r = +.89) of blood with adipose tissue level suggests that there may be a mobile equilibrium between them and that blood measurement could replace adipose tissue measurement of TCDD levels, making the collection of human data less invasive.
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) poisonings occurred in western Japan, where it is called yusho, in 1968, and in central Taiwan, where it is called yu-cheng, in 1979. The average concentrations of PCBs in the adipose tissue, liver and blood of yusho patients and in the blood of yu-cheng patients were 1.9 ppm, 0.08 ppm, 6.7 ppb and 99 ppb, respectively. Seven PCB congeners, such as 2,4,5,3',4'-pentachloro-, 2,3,4,3',4'-pentachloro-, 2,4,5,2',4',5'-hexachloro-, 2,3,4,2',4',5'-hexachloro-, 2,3,4,5,3',4'-hexachloro-, 2,3,4,5,2',4',5'-heptachloro- and 2,3,4,5,2',3',4'-heptachloro biphenyls were identified in the blood and tissues of patients with yusho and yu-cheng and controls. The concentration of 2,3,4,5,3',4'-hexachlorobiphenyl was comparatively higher in the patients than in controls. The concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) in the adipose tissue and liver of yusho patients were 6 to 13 ppb and 3 to 25 ppb, respectively, while no PCDFs were detected in the controls. Major PCDF congeners identified in the tissues and blood of yusho and yu-cheng patients were the 2,3,6,8-tetrachloro-, 2,3,7,8-tetrachloro-, 1,2,4,7,8-pentachloro-, 2,3,4,7,8-pentachloro- and 1,2,3,4,7,8-hexachlorodibenzofurans (DFs), of which the 2,3,4,7,8-pentachloro compound was predominant. The concentrations of methylthio-PCB in the liver, lung and adipose tissue of yusho patients were 0.1 to 0.5, 0.2 to 1.4 and 0.5 to 1.0 ppb, respectively, and those of methysulfone PCBs were 0.3 to 0.7, 1.0 to 2.5 and 0.7 to 1.0 ppb, respectively. Some of the major peaks of the PCB methylthio and methylsulfone derivatives were identical in gas chromatographic retention times with those of 4-methylthio- and 4-methylsulfone-2,5,2',5'-tetrachlorobiphenyl PCDFs, especially 2,3,4,7,8-pentachloro DF, appear to be mainly responsible in the poisonings.
A mass outbreak of poisoning occurred in central Taiwan in 1979 due to the ingestion of rice-bran oil contaminated with polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), dibenzofurans (PCDFs) and quaterphenyls (PCQs). The incident was called PCB poisoning or Yu-Cheng in Taiwan. The major PCB and PCDF congeners in the toxic oil and in the blood and tissues of the poisoned patients were characterized by gas chromatography and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry using highly efficient glass capillary columns. The levels of toxic agents in the rice oil samples collected from the factory and school cafeterias and the families of the poisoned patients are in the range of 53 to 99 ppm, 0.18 to 0.40 ppm and 25 to 53 ppm for PCBs, PCDFs, and PCQs, respectively. The blood samples of 165 patients collected 9 to 18 months after the onset of poisoning contained 10 to 720 ppb of PCBs, with a mean value of 38 ppb. The blood samples of 10 patients collected 9 to 27 months after poisoning contained 0.02 to 0.20 ppb of PCDFs. Comparative rates of elimination of some PCB congeners from the blood of patients were studied. Various tissues from a patient who died 2 years after poisoning were analyzed for PCBs, PCDFs and PCQs. The intestinal fat contains the highest level of PCBs, while the liver contains the highest concentration of PCDFs. The PCB congeners retained in the tissues either do not have adjacent unsubstituted carbon atoms or have a pair at ortho-meta positions of the biphenyl ring. The major PCDF congeners retained in the tissues were 1,2,3,4,7,8-hexachloro-DF, 2,3,4,7,8-pentachloro-DF and 1,2,4,7,8-pentachloro-DF. The former two congeners, especially 2,3,4,7,8-pentachloro-DF, are very toxic PCDFs; they may play important roles in the etiology of Yu-Cheng.
In 1979 in Taiwan, more than 2000 people were poisoned with rice cooking oil contaminated with polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB). One hundred ten patients were studied within one year of the exposure. The blood PCB levels were 39.3 +/- 16.6 ppb. The blood levels of the PCB derivatives, polychlorinated quaterphenyls (PCQ) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDF), were 8.6 +/- 4.8 and 0.076 +/- 0.038 ppb, respectively. Both the sensory and motor nerve conduction velocities (NCV) of the patients were significantly lower than the control. Abnormal slowing of sensory NCV was found in 43.6% and abnormal slowing of motor NCV was seen in 21.8%. Patients who had higher PCQ blood levels had significantly slower median nerve sensory NCV than those with lower PCQ levels. Patients with higher PCB blood levels had significantly slower peroneal nerve motor NCV than those with lower PCB levels.
A method was developed for the transfer of fat, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), naphthalenes (PCNs), dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and dibenzofurans (PCDFs) from blood plasma into the lipophilic gel Lipidex 5000. Subsequent elution of the gel separated about 70% of the fat from the analytes. Different adsorbents and activated charcoal were applied for further purification of the sample and separation of analytes. Identification and determination of the chlorinated compounds were made by gas chromatography with electron-capture detection (GC-ECD) or gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Recoveries were studied by addition of Halowax 1014 and different congeners of PCBs, PCNs, PCDDs and PCDFs to 50 ml of plasma. The mean recoveries of the individual compounds studied were 72-99%. By using the liquid-gel partitioning technique emulsions were avoided. Concentrations of lipids in plasma obtained by the present method agreed well with the concentrations obtained using liquid-liquid partitioning with chloroform-methanol.
Blood samples from 34 workers at a pulp and paper mill and from 14 control persons were analysed for 2,3,7,8-substituted PCDDs and PCDFs. There were no statistically significant differences in total lipid-adjusted PCDD/PCDF concentrations, expressed as toxic equivalents, in blood plasma between the potentially exposed bleaching plant or paper mill workers and the controls. The mean level was 61 pg/g I-TEQ in bleaching plant workers, 60 pg/g I-TEQ in paper mill workers and 49 I-TEQ pg/g in controls. Regarding the concentrations of individual isomers, however, there was an indication that the blood plasma concentrations might be affected by the living and working environment.
Previous studies in this laboratory have shown that benzo(a)pyrene (BaP) modulates protein kinase C (PKC)-mediated phosphorylation of aortic smooth muscle cell (SMC) proteins. This observation is consistent with the ability of other aromatic hydrocarbons (AHs), such as 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD), to modulate kinase activities in cells of hepatic, testicular, and thymic origin. Because all these chemicals share the ability to bind the aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR), the present studies were conducted to determine if changes in PKC activity by AHs conform with established structure-activity relationships. Experiments were conducted to examine the effects of TCDD, 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzofuran (TCDF), and 2,8-dichlorodibenzodioxin (DCDD) on the phosphorylation of exogenous histone type-III under basal and PKC-activating conditions. These congeners exhibit both high (TCDD and TCDF) and low (DCDD) AhR agonist activities. Measurements of kinase activity were conducted in the cytosolic and particulate fractions of growth-arrested (i.e., serum-deprived) cultured rat aortic SMCs incubated with 10 nM TCDD, TCDF, and DCDD for 0.5, 12, or 24 hours. No changes in basal kinase activity were induced by these chemicals at any of the times tested. Significant decreases in cytosolic and particulate PKC activity relative to controls were observed upon exposure of SMCs for 0.5 hours to 10 nM TCDD, TCDF, and DCDD. In contrast, SMCs exposed to TCDD and TCDF for 12 hours exhibited a significant increase in PKC activity in both cytosolic and particulate fractions. The PKC activity in cells exposed to DCDD for 12 hours was not altered.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
For nonoccupationally exposed persons, the daily intake via food consumption has been calculated to be 0.35 pg/kg body weight per day for 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) and 2.3 pg/kg body weight per day for TCDD equivalents (TEqs). As compared to food, other sources and pathways are of minor importance. Food of animal origin contributes most, although human exposure begins with atmospheric emissions depositing these compounds on plant surfaces. In the meantime, a possible additional body burden from cardboard containers for cow's milk and coffee filters has been practically excluded. Of the 210 existing PCDDs and PCDFs, only 15 2,3,7,8-substituted isomers with a characteristic congener pattern can be found in samples of human origin. In adipose tissue and milk samples, mean levels for 2,3,7,8-TCDD of 7.2 and 3.6 pg/g fat, respectively, and of 56 (range 18-122) and 30 (range 10-72) pg TEqs/g fat, respectively, were determined. Human data revealed a dependency of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins/polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDD/PCDF) levels on age. In human milk, levels became reduced with the number of children born to mothers and duration of breast-feeding period. The average daily intake for a breast-fed child has been calculated to be 17 pg 2,3,7,8-TCDD/kg body weight per day and 142 pg TEqs/kg body weight per day, respectively. Levels in adipose tissue of infants, even if breast fed, were distinctly lower compared to human milk. In human milk, adipose tissue, and whole blood, PCDD/PCDF concentrations have been found to be equal on a fat-weight basis. Liver fat accumulated PCDD/PCDF with an alteration in the congener distribution pattern, whereas brain, even on a fat-weight basis, showed the lowest concentrations. Elevated or even high levels were found in occupationally exposed persons working in special chemical plants or involved in specific processes. There are limited data suggesting slightly elevated PCDD/PCDF levels are due to long-term consumption of a large share of food produced near point sources with a heavy emission or ingestion of soil or dust from such areas.
Using monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) and flow cytometry, we studied a variety of surface receptors on lymphocyte subpopulations of workers with moderately increased body burdens of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) and of other polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/PCDF), expressed here as International-Toxicity Equivalencies (I-TE). The hypothesis to be tested was whether or not humans exhibit a similar susceptibility to PCDDs/PCDFs with respect to the surface receptors found previously to respond to small doses of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) in Callithrix jacchus. These are: helper-inducer (memory) T cells (CD4+CD45R0+CD45RA-CD29highCD11a+), CD20+ B cells, and cytotoxic T cells (CD8+CD56+/CD57+). Furthermore, 68 triple-labellings with mAbs were performed on the cells of each volunteer to possibly generate further hypotheses. It was evaluated whether any of the variables might be used as a biomarker of effects for this class of compounds. There were two main goals: (1) to evaluate whether workers with a moderately increased PCDD/PCDF-body burden [25-140 ppt TCDD or 104-522 ppt I-TE in blood fat] exhibit changes in the surface receptors of white blood cells, as observed in previous studies in non-human primates, and (2) to clarify whether persons at the upper range [10-23 ppt TCDD or 30-90 ppt I-TE in blood fat] of the body burden reference values of a not particularly exposed population show detectable deviations in these immunological variables, when compared with persons at the lower and medium range [1-3 ppt TCDD or 9-29 ppt I-TE] of these body burden reference values. Regression analysis of our data revealed slight trends for some of the biomarkers (e.g. CD45R0+). With one exception, these were all increases. None of the alterations observed are of medical relevance. The slight increase in the percentage of CD4+CD45R0+ cells remained significant even after covariant analysis taking age-related changes into account. Altogether, the data do not provide any evidence to support an assumption that moderately increased body burdens of PCDDs/PCDFs in adults induce decreases in the cellular components of the human immune system. Adult humans certainly are less susceptible to this action of PCDDs/PCDFs than adolescent Callithrix jacchus.
The pharmacokinetics of polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in humans was studied by monitoring the blood concentrations of individuals who ingested a contaminated rice oil in Japan (yusho) in 1968 and in Taiwan (yu-cheng) in 1979. Sixteen yusho patients were followed from 1982 to 1990 and three yu-cheng individuals from 1980 to 1989. From the three yu-cheng patients, blood lipid values for the two persistent toxic congeners, 2,3,4,7,8-pentachlorodibenzofuran (PnCDF) and 1,2,3,4,7,8-hexachlorodibenzofuran (HxCDF), varied from 50 micrograms/kg at first sampling to about 1 micrograms/kg at last sampling corresponding to half-lives for elimination (t1/2) of 2-21/2 years. The blood lipid values for the same PCDF congeners in yusho patients varied from 5 micrograms/kg down to 0.1 micrograms/kg. The calculated t1/2 were more variable with median values closer to 10 years. Planar PCBs #126 and #169 were present at lower concentrations than the PCDFs. For seven of the other PCB congeners, half-lives for elimination in the yu-cheng individuals varied from 1.2 up to 4.6 yr depending on the degree of chlorination. For the yusho patients, the elimination for the PCBs was longer. These results show that clearance of the toxic PCDFs and PCBs in humans is non-linear with faster elimination at higher exposure followed by slower decreases as background levels are approached. Such a clearance pattern can best be explained by a two compartment liver and fat pharmacokinetic model.
OBJECTIVES: The production of magnesium is a well known source of both aliphatic and aromatic chlorinated compounds, among others the polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs). The aim of this study was to establish whether increased concentrations of PCDDs and PCDFs could be found in the blood of workers in a magnesium plant. METHODS: Blood plasma from 10 workers, employed at a magnesium plant for 10 to 36 years, and from a control group consisting of nine people who had no direct contact with the production were studied. Isomer specific analyses of PCDDs and PCDFs by means of high resolution gas chromatography/high resolution mass spectrometry (HRGC/HRMS) techniques were performed. RESULTS: A significant increase was found in the concentrations of some of the congeners, mainly PCDFs, in the workers compared with the control group. Octachlorodibenzofuran (OCDF) is the congener that most strongly correlates with occupational exposure in the magnesium plant. Low concentrations of 1,2,3,4,6,8,9-heptachlorodibenzofuran were found in seven of the workers. Such isomers--that is, not 2,3,7,8-substituted--are rarely found in human samples. CONCLUSION: Due to the long biological half lives and lipid solubility of PCDDs and PCDFs, blood analyses may serve as an index of past cumulative occupational exposure and a means of assessing a person's exposure situation. 
The elimination of 2,3,7,8-substituted polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) was investigated in a group of n = 43 exposed workers with 2 blood measurements and n = 5 workers with 3 measurements. Under the assumption of a one-compartment, first-order kinetic model the median half-life for 2,3,7,8-TCDD was 7.2 yr, while for the other dioxins the estimates were between 3.7 yr for 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDD (hepta-chlorinated) and 15.7 yr for 1,2,3,7,8-PCDD (penta-chlorinated). For the furans median half-lives between 3.0 yr for 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDF and 19.6 yr for 2,3,4,7,8-PCDF were observed. There was no indication for a deviation from a first-order kinetic. Increasing age and percent body fat were associated with increasing half-life for most of the congeners. Smokers in general had a faster decay than non- and ex-smokers. In summary, the higher chlorinated PCDD/F like TCDD appear to be highly persistent in humans with half-lives ranging between 4 and 12 yr.
Quantification of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) usually requires preconcentration and cleanup prior to analysis. These procedures often involve using large amounts of toxic organic solvents. The sample preparation from serum is even more complex because of the coextraction of lipids and other nonpolar serum components. We describe the unprecedented use of cloud-point extraction to preconcentrate, extract, and clean up PAHs and PCDDs from human serum using the nonionic surfactant Triton X-100. The samples were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography with ultraviolet detection. The phase separation was induced by the addition of salt to the micellar serum solutions. The surfactant-rich phase was treated with acetonitrile and water to precipitate and remove some of the unwanted substances in the serum sample extract without significantly affecting the recoveries of the analytes. The favorable characteristics of cloud-point extraction discussed here strengthen its potential use as an alternative to other techniques of separation.
To assess toxicokinetics of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and dibenzofurans (PCDFs), oral intake and fecal excretion were measured in two breast-fed infants and one formula-fed infant during the 1st y of life. The intake of these compounds was up to 50 times higher in the breast-fed infants. In these children, fecal excretion of the main tetra- to hexachlorinated congeners was less than 9% of the intake at age of 1 and 5 mo, indicating almost complete intestinal absorption during breast-feeding. In contrast, distinctly higher fecal excretion rates were observed for the hepta- and octachlorinated compounds. Despite much lower PCDD/PCDF intake after weaning, concentrations in stool fat did not decrease substantially. We conclude that concentrations in fecal fat more or less reflect those in body fat. Additionally, PCDD/PCDF concentrations were measured in blood fat of all infants (and in a second formula-fed baby) at the age of 11 mo. International toxicity equivalent (I-TEq) concentrations in the formula-fed infants were less than 25% of maternal values and about 10 times lower than in the infants breast-fed for 6-7 mo. In the latter, a distinct accumulation was found for the tetra- to hexachlorinated congeners compared with maternal concentrations. We conclude that accumulation of PCDDs and PCDFs in infants is as high as expected on the basis of intake data and assuming complete absorption and negligible elimination during the 1st y of life.
The levels of PCDD/F in blood fat are similar to those in body fat and in milk fat of lactating women. Therefore, the levels of PCDD/F in blood fat can be used as an index of the individual PCDD/F body burden in humans. In order to evaluate the PCDD/F background exposure levels of the German population, blood samples collected from 95 subjects (age 12-82 years) living in a rural area of North-West Germany were analysed for PCDD/F. The median 2,3,7,8-TCDD toxicity equivalents (TE) were 40.8 pg I-TE/g blood fat and the 95th percentile was 82.1 pg I-TE/g blood fat. The TE levels in blood fat show a marked increase with age, which reflects the pronounced accumulation of PCDD/F in the human body throughout the entire lifetime. Considering single congeners, significant differences in the age-related increase were noted. Using age-specific reference values derived from this study the levels of PCDD/F in blood fat of individuals environmentally exposed to PCDD/F under different circumstances were evaluated.
The concentrations of chlorinated dibenzodioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) in human blood and in milk from non-occupationally exposed persons living in the vicinity of a municipal waste incinerator were determined. As compared to background levels in the general population in Germany the results give no indication of an enhanced body burden of PCDD/F. This is in agreement with earlier investigations in the same area, showing normal background concentrations in soil, fruit and vegetables. In conclusion, no direct health hazard related to PCDD/F-emissions from a local municipal waste incinerator may be expected.
Serum levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) among 46 long-term workers at a pulp and paper mill were compared to the levels in 16 community residents who never worked at the mill. Overall, there were no appreciable differences among the three exposure groups (community resident, low-exposure-potential worker, high-exposure-potential worker) for specific PCDDs or PCDFs. Neither exposure group nor duration in high-exposure-potential-jobs was related to total toxic equivalents (I-TEQ). Serum levels of PCDDs and PCDFs in this study generally were within the range previously reported for persons with no known occupational exposure.
During 1978 and 1979, an episode of poisoning from ingestion of rice oil contaminated with polychlorinated biphenyls and polychlorinated dibenzofurans occurred in central Taiwan. We followed-up children who had been born between June 1978 and March 1985, as well as matched unexposed children. The mothers of exposed children had consumed contaminated oils before the children were born. In 1993, otolaryngologists examined the middle ear of each child with a pneumatic otoscope, and they measured the middle-ear pressure by tympanometry with a Rion RS20 impedance audiometer. The exposed children had a significantly higher prevalence of middle-ear diseases than their matched controls. The exposed children who had ear diseases had higher serum levels of 2,3,4,7,8-pentachloro- and 1,2,3,4,7,8-hexachloro-dibenzofurans than the children who did not have similar diseases. Therefore, in this study, children exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and polychlorinated dibenzofurans had a higher incidence of middle-ear diseases than their controls.
The production of chlorine and vinyl chloride (VCM) is associated with the formation of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs). The objective of the present study was to determine whether the levels and congener patterns of PCDDs and PCDFs in the blood of workers involved in the production of such substances could be related to their occupational environment. PCDD and PCDF levels in blood plasma from VCM and chloralkali workers and in referents were determined by means of high-resolution gas chromatography/high resolution mass spectrometry (HRGC/HRMS) techniques and the results were evaluated through principal component analysis (PCA). The overall levels of PCDDs and PCDFs were low, but the relative congener distribution detected in the workers differed from that found in the referents. 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDF, 1,2,3,4,7,8- and 1,2,3,6,7,8-HxCDFs are congeners related to work in VCM and chloralkali industries. Exposure to PCDDs and PCDFs in these industrial environments changes the congener-distribution pattern in the blood of workers as compared with referents. A combination of isomer-specific analysis of PCDDs and PCDFs in blood plasma and PCA is suitable for the differentiation between nonoccupational and occupational exposure and provides a means of assessing workers' exposure situation in different occupational settings.
Polychlorinated dibenzodioxins (PCDDs), Polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) and Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are among the most toxic environmental pollutants. We determined blood levels of these compounds in a population sample of the city of Mataró, Spain. Blood samples were drawn from a randomly selected sample of 198 subjects, of both genders, aged 18 to 69 years. These samples were pooled into 10 groups for laboratory analysis. For males, total level of PCDDs was 505.7 ppt, of PCDFs was 26.7 ppt, and the international toxic equivalent (I-TEQ) was 12.5. For females the levels were 739 ppt, 28.8 ppt and 14.71-TEQ, respectively. The most important contributors to the total I-TEQ were HexaCDD, PentaCDD and PentaCDF. The blood concentration of total PCBs was 2.02 mg/l in males, and 1.58 mg/l in females. Levels of PCDDs, PCDFs and PCBs increased by age in both sexes. The levels of PCDDs and PCDFs in residents of this Mediterranean city are among the lowest observed in industrialized countries.
Several studies have been conducted to assess the exposure of a cohort of former herbicide-producing workers to PCDD/F and other potential carcinogenic substances and to evaluate the morbidity and mortality, especially for cancer, but also for other causes of death. For a quantitative dose-response analyses, a PCDD/F-blood exposure indicator was constructed from available blood levels for n = 190 workers and its relation to the working times in 14 different production departments. These indicators were used in Cox-regression models relating total cancer mortality to estimated TEQ at the end of exposure. A significant trend was observed for total cancer mortality and estimated TEQ levels at the end of exposure. The form of the dose response curve appeared to be slightly sublinear in the observed dose range. For all cardiovascular diseases (CVD), a numerical increase in risk was first observed in the third quintile of the exposure indicator 39.6-98.9 ng/kg; (RR 1.20; 0.82, 1.76), increasing to 1.70 (1.02, 2.85) in the last decile (545.1-4,361.9 ng/kg). For IHD a numerical increase was first observed in the group with TEQ ranging from 278.6 to 545.0 ng/kg (RR 1.26; 0.67, 2.39). In the highest decile, a RR of 2.17 (1.18, 4.00) was observed. The trend tests were significant for both outcomes. Unlike for cancer for CVD and IHD no increase in risk was observed in the lower dose ranges.
The use of chlorophenol-containing antistain agents (e.g., Ky5, a wood preservative) ceased in Finland at the end of the 1980s, after 5 decades of use. Exposure of workers to the impurities in these agents (i.e., polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins [PCDDs] and dibenzofurans [PCDFs]) was assessed at three sawmills at which personnel used a sodium chlorophenate product as an antistain agent. Given that compounds accumulate in body fat and their half-lives in humans are long, we could determine 2,3,7,8-substituted PCDDs and PCDFs 5-9 y after the last exposure occurred. We used high-resolution gas chromatography/high-resolution mass spectrometry to determine PCDDs/PCDFs in plasma from 39 Ky5-exposed workers and 18 nonexposed workers. The average total plasma concentration of PCDD/PCDF of the Ky5-exposed workers at the three sawmills were 1018, 945, and 1165 pg/g fat, and corresponding concentrations in the nonexposed workers were 743, 1124, and 844 pg/g fat, respectively. We found no significant differences in total levels between Ky5-exposed workers and nonexposed workers. However, concentrations of the 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDF isomer were significantly higher (p < .01) among the Ky5-exposed workers at all three sawmills (averages of 224, 99, and 148 pg/g fat) than among their respective nonexposed workers (averages of 43, 48, and 44 pg/g fat). These results indicate that workers had handled Ky5. When we expressed concentration levels in international toxic equivalents (I-TEQs), the mean total I-TEQ PCDD/PCDF of Ky5-exposed workers was significantly lower at one of the sawmills (average = 42 pg I-TEQ/g) than at the other two sawmills (averages of 64 and 62 pg I-TEQ/g)(p < .05). Nevertheless, total concentrations at the sawmills studied were within the range of background levels in the general population.
For a cohort of 1189 male German former herbicide and insecticide workers with exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and -furans (PCDD/F), we report an extended standardized mortality ratio (SMR) analysis based on a new quantitative exposure index. This index characterizes the cumulative lifetime exposure by integrating the estimated concentration of PCDD/F at every point in time (area under the curve). Production department-specific dose rates were derived from blood levels and working histories of 275 workers by applying a first-order kinetic model. These dose rates were used to estimate exposure levels for all cohort members. Total mortality was elevated in the cohort; 413 deaths yielded an SMR of 1.15 (95% confidence interval [Cl] 1.05, 1.27) compared to the mortality of the population of Germany. Overall cancer mortality (n = 124) was significantly increased (SMR = 1.41, 95% Cl 1.17, 1.68). Various cancer sites showed significantly increased SMRs. The exposure index was used for an SMR analysis of total cancer mortality by dose. For 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) a significant trend (p = 0.01) for the SMRs with increasing cumulative PCDD/F exposure was observed. The SMR in the first exposure quartile (0-125.2 ng/kg x years) was 1.24 (95% Cl 0.82, 1.79), increasing to 1.73 (95% Cl 1.21, 2.40) in the last quartile (> or = 2503.0 ng/kg x years). For all congeners combined as toxic equivalencies (TEQ) using international toxic equivalency factors, a significant increase in cancer mortality was observed in the second quartile (360.9-1614.4 ng/kg x years, SMR 1.64; 95% Cl 1.13, 2.29) and the fourth quartile (> or = 5217.7 ng/kg x years TEQ, SMR 1.64, 95% Cl 1.13, 2.29). The trend test was not significant. The results justify the use of this cohort for a quantitative risk assessment for TCDD and to a lesser extent for TEQ.
We determined blood concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) in 41 female employees with previous exposure to pentachlorophenol-based wood preservatives from 10 day-care centers in the Hamburg, Germany, area. We compared the blood concentrations with estimated age-dependent reference values and analyzed the correlation between PCDD/PCDF indoor air exposure and blood concentrations. The analyses based on the PCDD congeners 1,2,3,4,7,8-, 1,2,3,6,7,8-, and 1,2,3,7,8,9-hexaCDD (hexaCDD), 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-heptaCDD (heptaCDD), octaCDD, and the 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin toxicity equivalents calculated according to the international NATO-CCMS model (I-TEQ). In comparison to the estimated reference values, the blood concentrations of hexaCDD and I-TEQ spread around the mean estimate. Data for octaCDD scattered in some cases distinctly above the upper confidence limit. Reference values for heptaCDD could not be estimated. The correlation between PCDD/PCDF indoor air exposure and PCDD/PCDF blood concentrations was examined by linear multiple regression analysis considering different exposure variables and taking confounders into account. Analyses were carried out with the total study group and with a restricted subgroup. Associations were shown between the PCDD/PCDF indoor air concentrations and blood concentrations for heptaCDD and for the I-TEQ, whereas hexaCDD showed no association. OctaCDD showed a negative association in the total study group and no association in the subgroup analysis. In summary, the analyses showed no clear association between PCDD/PCDF indoor air exposure in day-care centers and PCDD/PCDF blood levels of female employees previously exposed to wood preservatives. By contrast, the results consistently indicated a positive association between PCDD/PCDF blood concentrations and exposure to wood preservatives in private homes.
Rat splenocyte mixed leukocyte reaction (MLR), splenic natural killer (NK) cell activity, and phagocytic activities of splenic, peritoneal, and peripheral blood leukocytes (PBLs) were evaluated in vitro to determine the immunotoxicity of mixtures containing low levels of methylmercury (MeHg), polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), and Aroclor polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). The mixtures were based on the concentrations of the chemicals in fish flesh. Leukocytes from male Fischer rats were exposed to MeHg (0.1-2 microg/ml), PCDD/PCDF mixtures (1-15 pg/ml) of three PCDDs (2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin, 1,2,3,7,8-pentachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin, and 1,2,3,4,7,8-hexachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin) and two PCDFs (2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzofuran and 1,2,3,7,8-pentachlorodibenzofuran), three Aroclor PCB (Aroclor 1242, 1254, and 1260) mixtures (0.01-0.5 microg/ml), or combinations of MeHg/PCB/PCDD/PCDF mixtures for 24 or 72 h before immunological assays. Phagocytosis and NK cell cytotoxicity were evaluated with a flow cytometer, and MLR of Fischer rat responder splenocytes cultured with mitomycin C-treated Long-Evans splenocytes by [3H]thymidine uptake. Exposure to MeHg (2 microg/ml) alone or with PCB/ PCDD/PCDF resulted in significant cytolethality in rat splenocytes, peritoneal leukocytes, and PBLs at 24 h exposure. Treatment with Aroclor PCB mixtures, PCDD/PCDF mixtures, 0.1 microg MeHg/ml (noncytolethal), or PCB/PCDD/PCDF mixtures with 0.1 microg MeHg/ml caused no suppression of splenocyte MLR response, splenic NK cell-mediated lysis of Yac-l cells, or phagocytosis of fluorescent beads by splenic, peritoneal, and peripheral blood phagocytic cells. The results indicate that in vitro exposure of rat leukocytes to low levels of MeHg, Aroclor PCB mixtures, PCDD/PCDF mixtures, or MeHg/PCB/PCDD/PCDF mixtures had no suppressive effects on the immune functions assayed, and thus produced no additive immunotoxicity. However, in order to predict the potential risk of these chemical mixtures to the human immune system, in vivo animal studies with blood (tissue) levels compatible with the levels of MeHg, PCBs, and PCDDs/PCDFs in exposed human populations should be evaluated.
Osprey (Pandion haliaetus) eggs were collected from 1991 to 1997 at nests (n = 121) upstream and downstream of bleached kraft pulp mills and at reference sites in the Fraser and Columbia River drainage systems of British Columbia, Washington, and Oregon. Blood samples were collected from nestling ospreys during the 1992 breeding season on the Thompson River. Samples were analyzed for polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and -dibenzofurans (PCDFs). Mean concentrations of 2,3,7,8-TCDD were significantly higher in eggs collected in 1991 at downstream compared to upstream nests near pulp mills at Kamloops and Castlegar, British Columbia. There were no significant temporal trends in 2,3,7,8-TCDD, -TCDF or other measured compounds at a sample of nests monitored between 1991 and 1994 downstream of the Castlegar pulp mill, despite changes in bleaching technology (CIO2 substitution). However, by 1997 concentrations of 2, 3,7,8-TCDD and -TCDF were significantly lower than previous years in nests sampled downstream at both Castlegar and Kamloops. An unusual pattern of higher chlorinated PCDDs and PCDFs was found in many of the osprey eggs collected in this study, and considerable individual variation in the pattern existed among eggs from the same site. For example, eggs from four different nests at one study area (Quesnel) on the Fraser River had concentrations of 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDD ranging from <1 to 1,100 ng/kg and OCDD from <1 to 7,000 ng/kg wet weight. Higher mean concentrations of HpCDD and OCDD were found in eggs from the Thompson River, a tributary of the Fraser, compared to the Columbia River, and concentrations were generally higher at nests upstream of pulp mills. In plasma samples, 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDD and OCDD were the main compounds detected, with no significant differences measured between samples upstream versus downstream or earlier versus later in the breeding season. Use of chlorophenolic wood preservatives by lumber processors was considered the main source of higher chlorinated PCDD/Fs throughout the systems, based on patterns of trace PCDFs in eggs and significant correlations between egg concentrations of pentachlorophenol and both HpCDD (r = 0.891, p < 0.01) and OCDD (r = 0.870, p < 0.01).
PCDD/PCDF/PCB concentrations were measured in samples from four mothers (at delivery and during lactation) and their infants (at birth and the end of first year of life). For two of these mothers it was the second delivery and breast-feeding period, and additional data were available from first lactation period and the first-born infant at the age of 11 to 12 months. Five of the six infants were fully breast-fed for at least 17 weeks. In four of them a distinct PCDD/PCDF/PCB accumulation was observed at the end of the first year of life: concentrations in blood fat were 1.5 to 3.6 times higher than maternal levels measured at the same time. Due to decreasing maternal body burdens during lactation, PCDD/PCDF concentrations at 11 to 12 months of life were only about half as high in the second infant as in the first one at the same age. During second pregnancy, no important change of the concentrations was observed in maternal blood.
This paper presents measured dioxin, dibenzofuran, PCB, DDE and HCB blood and milk levels and estimated body burdens in a mother who nursed twins for thirty-eight months. A total of thirteen milk samples and three blood samples were collected and analyzed. Measured PCDD and PCDF levels in milk decreased from 309 and 21 ng/kg (ppt) to 173 and 9 ng/kg, respectively, between March 1993 and September 1995. Based on the decrease in breast milk dioxin levels, we estimate that the nursing mother reduced her dioxin body burden from 310 to 96 ng dioxin toxic equivalents (TEQs), or approximately 69%. In two and one half years the level of HCB in the mother's milk decreased from 10.7 to less than 1.8 ng/g (ppb), the level of DDE decreased from 246 to 46 ng/g and the total level of non-coplanar PCBs decreased from 285 to 63 ng/g, on a lipid basis. We estimate that the twin's consumption of dioxins, dibenzofurans, and coplanar PCBs from breast feeding was approximately 115 ng TEQ per twin.
Partitioning of dioxins, dibenzofurans and the dioxin-like coplanar PCBs was determined by congener-specific high resolution gc-ms analysis of compounds in 6 tissue samples each from 5 women. Samples were whole blood obtained prior to delivery; maternal adipose tissue, cord blood and placenta obtained during cesarean section delivery; and whole blood and milk taken at the time of first obstetrical follow-up examination, one to two months following delivery. All women lived in upstate New York. Specimens were collected in late 1995 and early 1996. Mean measured levels of total PCDDs, PCDFs and coplanar PCBs were 352 pg/g for adipose tissue, 526 pg/g for predelivery blood, 182 pg/g for placenta, 165 pg/g for cord blood, 352 pg/g for postpartum blood and 220 pg/g for milk. Mean total TEQ levels were 11.6 pg/g TEQ for adipose tissue, 12.1 pg/g TEQ for predelivery blood, 10.5 pg/g TEQ for placenta, 5.8 pg/g TEQ for cord blood, 10.0 pg/g TEQ for postpartum blood and 10.2 pg/g TEQ for milk.
We investigated the levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and their related compounds in blood and sebum from Yusho and Yu-Cheng patients and findings compared with those of normal subjects. Concentrations of these compounds in blood and sebum still were obviously reflected the chemical concentration in the causal rice oil ingested 17 or 26 years since the outbreak. In addition, sebum form the body surface was the most useful sample for monitoring the amount of chemicals contaminating the human body.
Concentrations of 17 toxic 2,3,7,8-substituted polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) have been determined in pooled samples of breast milk from 15 mothers living in two residential areas (Tarragona downtown and an industrial area) in the vicinity of a new hazardous waste incinerator (HWI), now under construction in Tarragona (southern Catalonia, Spain). PCDD/Fs in human milk samples ranged between 5.9 and 17.1 pg I-TEQ/g fat (162-498 pg I-TEQ/l), with a mean value of 11.8 pg I-TEQ/g fat (310.8 pg I-TEQ/l). The percentages of fat ranged between 1.53 and 3.52. Although PCDD/F levels in milk from mothers living in the industrial area were found to be slightly higher than those observed in women living Tarragona downtown, most differences did not reach the level of statistical significance. In general terms, PCDD/F concentrations in human milk (pooled) samples of mothers living in the area of Tarragona are similar or lower than those previously reported for most industrialized countries.
We investigated PCDDs and related compounds levels in human tissue and blood obtained from the general population, and the correlation factor was calculated from the findings. None of the congeners in brain, muscle and lung were correlated except for 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin and octachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin in the brain (p < 0.05). In other tissues, all congeners had relatively good correlations to those in blood (r > 0.707). These congeners detected in blood were at high concentrations in the environment and human body. Therefore, we concluded that these congener levels in the blood might be useful for estimating these congener levels in human tissue.
We investigated PCDDs and related compounds in the blood of young Japanese women, approximately 20 years of age, who had not yet had children, and discussed how the TEQ level of PCDDs and related compounds in their blood may affect the next generation. Means of total TEQ levels were 0.063 pg/g for whole blood basis and 21 pg/g for lipid basis. TEQ of PCDDs, PCDFs and coplanar PCBs accounted for about 43, 34 and 23% of the total TEQ in the whole blood basis, respectively. In the lipid basis, their values were about 44, 34 and 22%, respectively. Previously, we investigated PCDDs and related compounds levels in mother's breast milk, lymphocyte subpopulation and thyroid function of their children, and found negative correlations between the TEQ level of PCDDs and related compounds and CD4+/CD8+, and/or the TEQ level of PCDDs and related compounds and the T4 level in 36 mothers and children. Of these cases, the average age was approximately 28 years. PCDDs and related compounds may be related to immunopathy, such as atopic dermatitis. The effects of PCDDs and related compounds on babies of young Japanese women are important and must be further evaluated.
A digestive tract mass balance was performed on six men with high body burdens of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs). Intake via food was measured by analyzing duplicate portions of the food consumed by the volunteers and excretion via feces was determined by quantitative collection and analysis of the feces. Blood samples were taken to determine the current body burden. The results showed that the quantity of non-metabolized chemical excreted in the feces clearly exceeded the uptake via food for all of the 2,3,7,8-substituted PCDDs and some of the PCDFs, indicating a significant clearance across the gastrointestinal tract. The concentrations of these PCDD/F congeners in blood and feces were highly correlated (r > 0.8), demonstrating that the fecal PCDD/F content was determined by the body burden. The half lives in the test persons due to fecal clearance of non-metabolized chemical were estimated from the excretion rate and the current body burden and ranged between 10 years (Cl8DD) and 33 years (2,3,4,7,8-Cl5DF). These were compared with the overall contaminant half-lives due to all clearance processes which were calculated from the body burden and the decrease in blood concentrations measured over several years. The fecal clearance of non-metabolized PCDD/F contributed on average between 37% (2,3,7,8-Cl4DD) and 90% (Cl8DD) to the total elimination. This indicates that the gastrointestinal pathway plays a decisive role in the clearance of most 2,3,7,8-subsituted PCDD/F congeners.
Chloracne is caused by exposure to certain halogenated polycyclic hydrocarbons such as polychlorinated dibenzodioxins (PCDDs) and dibenzofurans (PCDFs). In chronic exposure it is not known what level of intoxication, represented by the level in blood lipids, is sufficient to cause chloracne. Blood levels of the congeners of PCDD/Fs were determined in four groups of humans. One group had clinically visible chloracne due to exposure in a hexachlorobenzene workshop of a large chemical factory. A second group was exposed in the same workshop, but had no skin changes. There were two control groups: one non-exposed group of maintenance workers from the same chemical factory, and one group of healthy individuals living elsewhere. Blood levels were converted to toxicity equivalents of tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD). In the chloracne group blood levels in toxicity equivalents (TEQs) ranged from 1168 to 22,308 pg/g blood lipid. In the exposed without chloracne this ranged from 424 to 662 pg/g. It is concluded that the level to develop chloracne is between 650 and 1200 pg/g TEQ. The contribution of TCDD was rather small, and the main causative congeners were the hexachlorinated dibenzodioxins and dibenzofurans (HxCDD/Fs); lipid-based blood levels in absolute amounts that may cause chloracne are in the range of 2-3.5 ng/g HxCDD, and 2-5 ng/g HxCDF.
We compared serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) among residents of two homes to levels among age- and sex-matched comparison subjects. The residents of the two homes consumed contaminated eggs and beef from animals raised at the homes. The animals had greater soil contact than those raised with conventional commercial husbandry practices. The comparison subjects were from a similar rural area, but did not consume home-produced beef and eggs. Serum levels of 2,3,7, 8-substituted tetra-, penta-, and hexaCDDs and penta-, hexa-, and heptaCDFs were increased between 2- and 6-fold in residents from one home; contaminated eggs and beef were consumed by residents for 2-15 years. Elevations were less for those in the other index home, where only home-produced eggs were consumed for 2 years; a 3-fold elevation of 1,2,3,7,8,9-hexaCDD as compared to controls was most apparent. Very strong bivariate correlations among all of the 2,3,7, 8 penta- and hexaCDDs/CDFs were observed. The elevations observed verify that PCDD/PCDF-contaminated food contributed to the body burden of these compounds. The blood levels among the highest exposed participants are generally higher than those observed in other studies of U.S. contaminated-fish consumers and higher than average adipose tissue levels observed in U.S. urban populations. There are sufficient animal toxicologic and human epidemiologic data to recommend that exposures be reduced. In the study area, pentachlorophenol and pentachlorophenol incineration sources have been identified, and the animal contamination and blood elevations probably reflect these sources. Soil reference values and site-specific risk assessments should include estimates of exposures to contamination in home-produced animal products. Such estimates can be verified with limited PCDD/PCDF sampling of animals and humans.
744 whole blood samples of normal subjects from Germany collected in 1989-1998 have been analyzed for polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDD) and dibenzofurans (PCDF) by capillary gas chromatography/high resolution mass spectrometry. Over the examined time period a continuous decrease of the PCDD/F concentrations in human blood was observed. The mean levels found were 43.7 pg I-TEq/g (lipid basis) in 1989 and 20.7 pg I-TEq/g (lipid basis) in 1996/98 [median: 42.2 and 19.4]. The reduction to about the half was found for most congeners. Each one-year subset of the collective and the entire collective shows a positive correlation of the PCDD/F blood levels with age for most of the congeners, the sum values and the calculated toxicity equivalents. For statistical evaluation a multiplicative model was used: Concentration = A x Age(B). The correlation is mostly pronounced for lower chlorinated PCDD and for 2,3,4,7,8-PentaCDF. The PCDD/F concentrations in human blood in relation to the year of examination and the age of the subjects can be described by a linear model: I-TEq [pg/g (lipid basis)] = 6176 - 3.097 x Year + 0.6482 x Age or by a multiplicative model: I-TEq [pg/g(lipid basis)] = 10(89.08-0.04415 x Year + 0.008468 x Age).
Thirty workers who had been exposed to combustion products for several years due to testing of flame retarding qualities of building materials and 30 controls from the same facility were investigated. Concentrations found in samples taken from different places of the facility were up to 14,660 microg/kg for polybrominated dibenzofurans and up to 67.1 microg/kg for polychlorinated dibenzodioxins (PCDDs) and dibenzofurans (PCDFs). Physical examination, routine laboratory parameters, and blood fat concentrations of PCDDs and PCDFs revealed normal findings. Neurotoxic symptoms showed a weak tendency of overrepresentation among the exposed workers. The frequency of neurobehavioural symptoms increased significantly with trait anxiety independent of exposure to combustion products.
OBJECTIVES: To find whether concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) in serum increased in workers at municipal incinerators that burn continuously. METHODS: 30 Workers employed at three municipal waste incineration plants (incinerator workers) and 30 control workers were studied. The incinerator workers had worn dust masks or airline masks during the periodic repair work inside the incinerators. Previous job, dietary habit, smoking habit, distance from residence to the incineration plant, and body weight and height were obtained from a questionnaire survey. Concentrations of PCDDs/PCDFs were measured in the serum of the workers and the dust deposited in the plants. The influence of various factors on serum concentrations of PCDDs/PCDFs was examined by multiple regression analysis. RESULTS: Dust analysis showed the greatest amount of octachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (OCDD), followed by 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-heptachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (HpCDD), 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-heptachlorodibenzofuran (HpCDF), and octachlorodibenzofuran (OCDF). The toxicity equivalents (TEQs) of PCDDs and PCDFs in the deposited dust were 4.8, 1.0, and 6.4 ng TEQs/g, respectively, for plants A, B, and C. The mean serum TEQs of PCDDs and PCDFs in the incinerator workers and control workers were 19.2 and 22.9 pg TEQs/g lipid, respectively, for area A, 28.8 and 24.5 pg TEQs/g lipid for area B, and 23.4 and 23.6 pg TEQs/g lipid for area C. No significant differences were found between the incinerator workers and the controls for TEQs of PCDDs and PCDFs separately, and TEQs of PCDDs and PCDFs together. However, the serum 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDF concentration was significantly higher in the incinerator workers than in the controls for all the three areas. When the exposure index to 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDF is defined as the product of the concentration of 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDF in the deposited dust and duration of employment, the concentration of 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDF in serum increased as the exposure index increased. Multivariate analysis suggested that the serum concentration of HpCDF increased with duration of employment at the incineration plants and OCDF increased with employment of > or = 21 years. The other significant variables (p < 0.01 or p < 0.001) were area for hexachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (HxCDD) and tetrachlorodibenzofuran (TCDF), Brinkman index for HpCDD, and body mass index (BMI) for tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD), HpCDD, and TEQs of PCDDs. CONCLUSION: The serum TEQs of PCDDs and PCDFs was not significantly higher among the incinerator workers, but the serum concentration of 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDF was. This suggests that the incinerator workers had inhaled dust containing PCDDs and PCDFs while working in plants equipped with incinerators that burn continuously. 
The concentrations of immunoglobulins (IgA, IgD, IgG, IgM) and of several cytokines were measured in the plasma of volunteers with clearly, but moderately, increased body burdens of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/PCDF), using monoclonal antibodies and an enzyme-linked immuno-sorbant assay. Two groups of workers with different body burdens of PCDD/PCDF were studied: (trial I) persons with mainly 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD), and (trial II) persons with mainly penta- and hexachlorinated dibenzofurans (P5CDF/H6CDF) in their blood fat. Including the reference group, 158 volunteers were investigated. A slight but statistically significant decrease was observed in the plasma concentration of IgG1 in persons exposed to TCDD, but not in persons exposed to P5CDF/H6CDF. When the data of both groups were pooled and a multi-regression analysis against international TCDD toxicity equivalencies (I-TEq, NATO/CCMS) was performed, taking several confounding factors into account, no influence of the dioxin exposure could be revealed. There were no changes in the plasma concentrations of the other immunoglobulins studied. In the same volunteers, no deviation from the reference range was found for the concentrations of the cytokines: IL-1alpha, IL-1beta, IL-6 and TNFalpha in blood plasma.
More than 500 whole blood samples of normal subjects from Germany collected in 1991-1996 have been analyzed for polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDD) and dibenzofurans (PCDF) by capillary gas chromatography/high-resolution mass spectrometry. Over the examined time period a continuous decrease of the PCDD/F concentrations in human blood was observed. The mean levels found were about 42.7 pg I-TEq/g (lipid basis) in 1991 and 20.7 pg I-TEq/g (liquid basis) in 1996 [median: 40.8 and 19.2]. A reduction to about half was found for most congeners. Each 1-year subset of the entire collective shows a positive correlation of the PCDD/F blood levels with age for most of the congeners, the sum values, and the calculated toxicity equivalents. For statistical evaluation a multiplicative model was used: Concentration in blood = A x ageB. The correlation is mostly pronounced for lower chlorinated PCDD and for 2,3,4,7,8-PentaCDF.
This study was carried out to evaluate the internal exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDDs/PCDFs) of chimney sweeps in Bavaria compared to a control group without occupational exposure. The PCDD/PCDF concentrations in the blood fat of 227 chimney sweeps were compared with the concentrations in samples from 60 controls. Using an internal standard containing 17 (13)C(12)-labeled PCDD/F congeners, the samples were cleaned up after fat elution using standard methods. The statistical analysis was adjusted to account for demographic differences, dietary habits, smoking status, and both occupational and nonoccupational contact with chlorinated hydrocarbons. Detailed information on the type of heating in the households swept, the length of time the chimney sweeps had carried out the profession (min 34, med 195, max 466 months) and the protective measures employed, were used to examine the influence of the working conditions specific to chimney sweeps on the internal PCDD/PCDF exposure. The correlation between blood-fat PCB concentrations as well as urinary chlorophenol concentrations and the exposure to PCDDs/PCDFs was evaluated. The sum of PCDD/PCDF components in chimney sweeps, expressed by International Toxic Equivalents (I-TEQ), was significantly increased compared to the control group (median: 26.36 versus 20.75 pg I-TEQ/g blood fat). For 37 chimney sweeps (16.3%) the sum of PCDDs/PCDFs exceeded the 95th percentile of the control group, i.e., 38.23 pg I-TEQ/g blood fat. Multiple regression analysis revealed that in addition to occupation, the variables age, district, and proximity to a waste incineration plant seem to have an effect on the internal PCDD/PCDF exposure. An additional influence on the internal exposure could not be determined for any of the special aspects of the work. We identified no high correlations between the concentrations of PCBs and chlorophenols and PCDDs/PCDFs. This study revealed significantly higher internal exposure to PCDDs/PCDFs in chimney sweeps than in the control group. The differences are small and within the range of the internal exposure to PCDDs/PCDFs in blood found in the general population in Germany since 1989. Further investigations in to PCDD/PCDF-related diseases in these study groups were not carried out.
In order to assess the long-term impact of persistent organic contaminants such as polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) it is important to be able to quantify historical exposure. An understanding of past exposure is not only important to place our current body burdens in perspective, but is useful in assessing our potential future exposure. Unfortunately, very few direct measurements of our main source of exposure (i.e., food) over the past decades are available. This study attempts to reconstruct the historical exposure of the UK population to PCDD/Fs using a combination of emission estimates, information on environmental temporal trends derived from sediment cores and archived materials, and environmental/human fate modelling. Predicted adipose and blood lipid concentrations for a typical cross section of the population are derived over time (1920-2000), which is compared with measured data. The approach has been tested with two PCDDs and two PCDFs and showed encouraging agreement with measured data. Certain parts of the modelling methodology have been highlighted where there is still poor understanding of the processes governing fate and behaviour. These areas are discussed and recommendations for future improvements are made. The paper thus represents an initial modelling approach which defines both the historical (1920-present) and future (present-2020) fate of PCDD/Fs in the UK population.
Ten cattle were treated with daily doses of five PCDD/F congeners, over a 4 week period. Four control animals were not treated. They were subsequently slaughtered as three groups, at 5, 18 and 31 weeks after the first dose. All congeners showed an increase in concentration within animal tissues when sampled at 5 weeks post-dosing. Concentrations had reduced after 18 weeks and there was a further small reduction after 31 weeks. Halflives for each congener were calculated at 13-21 weeks (93-148 days). Concentrations of congeners were different in the various tissues analysed. At 5 weeks after dosing commenced, concentrations in sub-cutaneous fat and in perirenal fat were close to 40 ng/kg (a predicted level based on 50% absorption of the dosed compounds). Concentrations on a fat basis in muscle tissue and liver were, however, about 5 and 10 times higher, respectively. The concentrations found in muscle tissue and liver samples taken at 18 and 31 weeks were approximately twice that found in fat deposits, thus the differences were still apparent, but at a reduced level. It is possible that the distribution phase was incomplete and that PCDD/Fs remained predominantly in association with circulating blood lipids rather than in equilibrium with depot fat. It follows that if livestock were recently exposed to PCDD/Fs (for example, through the consumption of contaminated feed), the analysis of depot fats would not necessarily provide a reliable indicator of the concentrations of PCDD/Fs in edible tissues.
This study measured the levels of 17 congeners of PCDDs/PCDFs in serum to compare the levels between potentially exposed workers at an industrial waste incinerator and any residents with no known exposures. The 1,2,3,6,7,8- and 1,2,3,7,8,9-HxCDD were detected in serum of workers but in controls. Likewise, 1,2,3,7,8-PeCDF, 1,2,3,6,7,8- and 1,2,3,7,8,9-HxCDF were detected only in serum of workers. The international toxic equivalent (TEQ) levels of PCDDs/PCDFs in sera of workers are much higher than in controls. Among PCDDs, the proportion of total concentration and TEQ level is dominated predominantly by 1,2,3,6,7,8- and 1,2,3,7,8,9-HxCDD. We need extensive studies to estimate human exposure and are continuing this investigation.
Immunoaffinity chromatography (IAC) for the purification of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and furans (PCDD/Fs) from biological samples was explored as a means to simplify the cleanup procedure and thereby decrease the time and cost of dioxin analysis. A monoclonal antibody (DD3) was used to produce IAC columns and to isolate the PCDD/Fs from serum. Native and 13C-labeled PCDD/Fs were spiked at the ppq to ppt range into serum. Quantitation of the PCDD/Fs was performed by a standard dioxin analytical method, i.e. high-resolution gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS), which was easily compatible with IAC. Five of the most toxic PCDD/Fs consistently showed acceptable recoveries (>25%) and were reliably quantitated. The congeners specifically recovered by this method represent almost 80% of the toxic equivalency of dioxins and furans present in the serum samples. Dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) were not recognized by this antibody column. Compared to conventional dioxin cleanup methods, IAC decreased solvent usage by 1.5 l/sample and took only 2 h to process a sample for analysis.
In 1999, a campaign of the Flemish Ministry of Health, Belgium was set up to assess pollutant concentrations and related health effect biomarkers in humans living in two regions of Flanders. The study was called the 'Flemish Environment and Health Study' (FLEHS). Concentrations of selected organochiorine pesticides, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDD) and flirans (PCDF) were measured by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry in 47 pooled human serum samples originating from 200 individual women between 50 and 65 years living in two Flemish regions. The CALUX (Chemical-Activated Luciferase gene eXpression) bioassay was assessed on the same pools. The correlation between CALUX-TEQ and total TEQ (sum of PCDD/PCDF, non- and mono-ortho PCBs) varied from 0.43 to 0.73 for the rural and urban region, respectively. The mean value for the total TBQ (75 pg WHO-TEQ/g fat) was two times higher than the mean TEQ value determined with the CALUX bioassay (36 pg TEQ/g fat). This shows that the assessment of dioxin-like exposure by these two measurements was different. However, regional differences in concentrations were observed for neither total TEQs, nor CALUX-TEQs. It was concluded that the CALUX can be an alternative screening tool for biomonitoring purposes, especially when the objective is to compare different groups of people (e.g. living in different regions).
The presence of dioxins, dibenzofurans, and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in human tissue, food, and environmental samples from Russia has been monitored since 1988 as part of a research collaboration between a number of countries including Finland, the United States, Germany, the former Soviet Union, and Canada. Although elevated TCDD and PnCDD levels have previously been found in blood of male and female Russian chemical manufacturing workers and in their children, dioxin levels in the general population have usually been found to be lower than in Americans and Europeans. This study continues earlier work in the Irkutsk region of Russian Siberia, where we report levels of dioxin, dibenzofurans, and PCBs in human milk samples taken from general population women living in the industrialized cities of Angarsk and Usolye-Sibirskoye, near Lake Baikal. Total polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin (PCDD) toxic equivalents (TEQs) compared in this paper for the industrialized regions of Siberia, Ukraine, and the US are similar, ranging from 6.1 to 7 parts per trillion (ppt). Recent 1998 milk samples from Angarsk and Usolye-Sibirskoye have total mean polychlorinated dibenzofuran (PCDF) TEQs of 10 and 21.7 ppt, respectively, with the other industrialized countries ranging from 2.3 to 6.7 ppt. Although dioxin-like PCBs were not measured for the city of Usolye-Sibirskoye (1998), total mean PCDD/F TEQ from Angarsk and Usolye-Sibirskoye (1998) were the two highest levels in this study, with 26.9 and 28.5 ppt, respectively, followed by 1993-1994 Ukraine samples with 24 ppt, 1989 Siberian samples with 13.6 ppt, and 1996 USA with 11.4 ppt total TEQ. In this study, higher levels of dioxins are noted in milk from Angarsk and Usolye-Sibirskoye than found in earlier Russian studies, with mean levels also exceeding 1996 and 1999 US breast milk dioxin levels.
One bottle of Yusho rice oil was obtained from a Yusho family in 1998. The levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in the causal oil were investigated with two different approaches and the individual concentrations of all the 17 2,3,7,8-substituted PCDD/F and 14 coplanar PCB (Co-PCB) congeners were elucidated for the first time. The concentrations of PCDDs and PCDFs were found to be 0.60 and 8.8 ppm, respectively. For PCBs, more than 130 PCB peaks were observed and a total concentration of 850 ppm including 170 ppm of Co-PCBs was obtained. The toxic equivalents (TEQs) of PCDDs, PCDFs, and Co-PCBs were calculated to be 17, 470, and 120 ppb, respectively. The relative contribution of these classes to the total TEQ in Yusho oil is 3%, 77%, and 20%, respectively, indicating that PCDFs play a major role in the toxicity of Yusho oil. Furthermore, it was confirmed that 2,3,4,7,8-penta-CDF contributes 58% to the total TEQ, supporting the view that this compound is the principal causal agent in Yusho poisoning. It is noteworthy that the most toxic 2.3,7,8-tetra-CDD was newly discovered, although it contributes only 0.1% to the total TEQ. Based on our data, the smallest TEQ intake during the latent period was estimated to be 0.067 mg for Yusho patients. This value is about 60% of that previously reported, suggesting a lower minimum threshold level for the development of the toxic symptoms of Yusho.
OBJECTIVES: To find whether or not incinerator workers employed at intermittently burning municipal incineration plants are exposed to high concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs). METHODS: 20 Workers employed at three municipal waste incineration plants (incinerator workers) and 20 controls were studied. The previous job, dietary, smoking, and body weight and height were obtained from a questionnaire survey. Concentrations of PCDDs and PCDFs were measured in serum samples of the workers and the deposited dust of the plants. The influence of occupational exposure on concentrations of PCDDs and PCDFs in serum samples was examined by multiple regression analysis. RESULTS: Dust analysis showed that dominant constituents were octachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (OCDD) and 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-heptachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (HpCDD) among the PCDDs, and 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-heptachlorodibenzofuran (HpCDF) and octachlorodibenzofuran (OCDF) among the PCDFs. The toxicity equivalents (TEQs) of summed PCDDs and PCDFs in the deposited dust were 0.91, 33, and 11 ng TEQ/g, respectively, for plants I, II, and III. The means of TEQ in serum samples of summed PCDDs and PCDFs in the incinerator workers and controls were 22.8 and 16.4 pg TEQ/g lipid for area I, 29.4 and 19.3 pg TEQ/g lipid for area II, and 22.8 and 24.9 pg TEQ/g lipid for area III, which were almost the same as for the general population of Japan. No significant differences in the TEQ of PCDDs and TEQ of PCDDs and PCDDs were found between the incinerator workers and the controls. However, the TEQ of PCDFs was significantly higher among the incinerator workers in areas I and II, and the 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDF concentration was also significantly higher for all three areas. When the occupational exposure index for each constituent of PCDDs and PCDFs was defined as the product of the duration of employment at the incineration plant and the concentration of the constituent in the deposited dust, multiple regression analysis showed that the concentrations of HxCDF, HpCDF, and TEQ of PCDFs in serum samples increased with the occupational exposure index. The multiple regression analysis also suggested that significant factors affecting the concentrations in serum samples were area for HxCDD, age for TCDD, PeCDD, PeCDF, TEQ of PCDDs, TEQ of PCDFs, and TEQ of summed PCDDs and PCDFs, and BMI for HxCDD, HpCDD, and OCDD. CONCLUSION: This study showed that incinerator workers employed at intermittently burning incineration plants were not necessarily exposed to high concentrations of PCDDs and PCDFs. However, the increases in the concentrations in serum of HxCDF, HpCDF and TEQ of PCDFs with the occupational exposure index suggest that the incinerator workers had inhaled dust containing PCDDs and PCDFs during their work. 
In 1999, the FLEHS was set by the Flemish Ministry of Health, Belgium to assess pollutant concentrations and related health effect biomarkers in humans living in Flanders. Concentrations of selected organochlorine pesticides, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDD) and furans (PCDF) were measured by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and Chemical-Activated LUciferase gene eXpression (CALUX) bioassay in 47 serum pools of 200 women between 50 and 65 years living in two areas of Flanders. Correlation between TEQ values of different groups of compounds were computed in these pool results and it was found that total toxic equivalencies (TEQs) correlated well with the values of the groups of contributing compounds: mono-ortho PCBs (r = 0.77), non-ortho PCBs (r = 0.65) and PCDD/Fs (r = 0.88). The total TEQ was lower correlated to the CALUX-TEQ (r = 0.57). When calculating associations between those classes of compounds in the two studied regions separately, they were all higher correlated in the urban area compared to the more rural region. High correlation coefficients (r > 0.80) were also calculated between individual compounds and groups of compounds. It was suggested that in this studied background-exposed population, some compounds could be good predictors for a group: e.g. PCB 153 for indicator and total PCBs, PCB 118 for total PCB TEQ, PCB 156 for mono-ortho PCB-TEQs and total TEQ, 2,3,4,7,8-P5CDF for PCDD/F TEQs and total TEQs. This means that in pooled serum samples correlations between persistent organochlorine compounds are as strong as for individual POP measurements observed in earlier studies.
Following an electrical transformer fire in Staten Island, New York, a health surveillance program was established for 60 New York City firefighters and emergency medical technicians exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs). Exposure potential was documented after high levels of PCBs and PCDFs were found on transformer and firefighters' uniforms. Personnel received comprehensive medical examinations, and the results were compared with preexposure values. Serum was analyzed for PCBs, PCDFs, and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs). Follow-up was conducted 9 mo later. Thirty-two of 58 (55%) firefighters reported initial symptoms, and 3 firefighters required brief medical leave. Pulmonary functions, exercise performance, serum liver functions, and serum lipid profiles were normal or unchanged from preexposure baselines. Serum PCBs averaged 2.92 +/- 1.96 ppb (range = 1.9-11.0 ppb). Five (8%) had serum PCBs that were greater than or equal to 6 ppb. Eight (73%) had a significant decrease (p = .05) in serum PCB level at the time of follow-up. Serum toxic equivalency (TEQ [1998 World Health Organization]) for total PCDDs and PCDFs averaged 39.0 +/- 21.5 (n = 48). Eighteen (38%) had elevated TEQs (i.e., > 40). All firefighters had no short-term heath effects. Modern firefighting uniforms are not meant to replace HAZMAT suits, but these uniforms provide protection from this chemical exposure for most firefighters.
The study was conducted to correlate the consumption frequency of different food groups (milk, eggs, fish, and others) and the levels of serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran (PCDD/F) concentrations of residents living near a municipal waste incinerator. All selected subjects were between 18 and 65 years old and proportionally chosen from each age group based on population distribution. In addition, they had to have lived within a 5-km radius of the incinerator for at least 5 years. Trained interviewers administered a dietary questionnaire interview. Higher serum PCDD/F levels were found in older than in younger subjects, and higher PCDD/F concentrations were found in females than in males. An analysis between the consumption frequency of different foods and serum PCDD/F levels showed that fish might have contributed the highest quantity of measured serum PCDD/Fs. Yet, the regression coefficient of dietary intake and PCDD/F concentration was only 0.017 before and 0.105 after adjusting for the variables of age, gender, and smoking status of the study subjects. The frequency of fish consumption may be the most significant contributor to serum PCDD/F levels. Further research is needed to quantify the association between the consumption of various food groups and their potential contributions to the corresponding serum PCDD/F concentrations.
OBJECTIVES: To evaluate background exposure levels and determinants of the individual variations in the exposure to dioxins in Japan. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was performed on 131 men and 122 women (aged 20-76 years), who resided in five prefectures of Japan and had no occupational exposure to dioxins. Seven polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), ten polychlorinated dibenzo-furans (PCDFs) and 12 polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), which are assigned a toxicity equivalent factor, were determined in fasting blood. Biochemical analysis of plasma and a questionnaire survey on life-style, including dietary habit, were also performed. Factors associated with the levels of dioxin-related compounds in blood were evaluated by multiple linear regression. RESULTS: The median of total toxicity equivalents (TEQs) in men and women was 17 and 16 pg TEQ/g lipid, respectively, with no gender difference. After adjustment for age and other covariates, plasma concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid, a biomarker of fish intake, were found to be positively associated with blood levels of total dioxin, PCDDs, PCDFs and PCBs, all of which were expressed on a TEQ basis (P<0.01). The frequency of intake of coastal fish, such as horse mackerel, mackerel and sardine, was also associated with TEQ-based concentrations of PCDFs (P=0.03) and PCBs (P=0.08). The intake of raw fish was positively related to total dioxins (P=0.06) and PCBs (P=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: The level of intake of marine fish, especially raw fish and coastal varieties, may be associated with increased blood levels of dioxin-related compounds among the population. Despite high fish consumption in Japan, the body burden of dioxins in the population was not found to be higher than that in western countries. 
In order to determine the effect of perinatal polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans (PCBs/PCDFs) exposure on neonatal and childhood teeth in Yucheng children, we carried out complete dental examinations on 73 Yucheng children born to mothers who ingested high levels of PCBs/PCDFs and 75 matched controls, aged 7-11 years, in 1992. Ten of 73 (10%) exposed children were reported to have borne teeth during the neonatal period, while none of the controls did. The exposed group also had a significantly higher percentage of teeth with congenitally missing tooth germ compared to the controls (29 vs 2.7%) or rotation (19 vs 2.7%). The percentages of developmental defects increased significantly with increasing maternal serum PCB levels, childhood PCB and PCDF levels, and the duration of breast feeding. The maternal PCB level clearly played a more important role in an increased risk of neonatal teeth and developmental defects. The defects were apparent from the lowest tertile, with a total PCB level of <10 ppb in maternal serum measured nearest to childbirth. The number of permanent teeth tended to be less in exposed children than in the control group from the age of 11 years onwards. Our present study has demonstrated for the first time a dose-response relationship between perinatal PCBs/PCDFs exposure and dental defects.
The aim of this study was to evaluate the serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin (PCDD) and dibenzofuran (PCDF) concentration distribution in residents living in the vicinity of an incinerator and its association with annual ambient dioxin exposure predicted by an atmospheric dispersion model. A municipal waste incinerator in Northern Taiwan was chosen for this study. This incinerator had been in operation for 6 years at the time of this study. Using the incinerator site as the center, based on the simulated ambient annual average PCDD/F concentrations. Ninety-five volunteers, all live within a radius of 5 km from the incinerator for at least 5 years, who had no occupational exposure potential, were selected based on the population distribution in each district. The average serum PCDD/F concentration for these subjects living within four zones was about 14 pg I-TEQ/g lipid. The serum distribution levels of people of the four study zones, however, were not consistent with the predicted ambient levels. Results also suggest that ambient exposure might not be the most important contributor to serum concentrations when compared to other exposure sources, such as dietary intake.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are recognized environmental endocrine disruptors, which are environmentally persistent and may bio-accumulate in human bodies. Pregnant and nursing women may pass these pollutants to their babies both trans-placentally and lactationally. We measured and examined correlations of the levels of PCDD/Fs and PCBs in perinatal venous serum, placenta, umbilical-cord serum (representing prenatal exposure), and breast milk (postnatal exposure). Subjects included pregnant women without clinical complication between the ages of 25 and 35, who delivered their babies during 2000.12.01 and 2001.11.30 in central Taiwan. A total of 20 participants were randomly selected from those provided the four biological specimens for analysis of 17 PCDD/Fs, and 12 dioxin-like PCBs and six indicator PCBs using high-resolution gas chromatography/high-resolution mass spectrometry. Higher PCDD/F levels were found in placenta (10.3 TEq-pg/g lipid) and venous serum (9.1 TEq-pg/g lipid) compared to those in breast milk (7.6 TEq-pg/g lipid). Pearson and Spearman correlation analyses showed well association of PCDD/F and PCB levels between different specimens. The total dioxin/PCB level in milk, venous and cord serum can be well predicted by that in placenta through regression functions. This first study of multi-specimen correlation further established rather consistent ratios of these chemical concentrations in various specimens relative to those in venous serum.
Yucheng ("oil-disease") victims were Taiwanese people exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and their heat-degradation products, mainly polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), from the ingestion of contaminated rice oil in 1978-1979. Serial studies in Yucheng offspring born between 1978 and 1992 are summarized. Children of the exposed women were born with retarded growth, with dysmorphic physical findings, and, during development, with delayed cognitive development, increased otitis media, and more behavioral problems than unexposed children. Recently, examination of the reproductive system has suggested that prenatal exposure exerts late effects on semen parameters in young men after puberty. Results of the investigation in Yucheng children will provide important information about the human health effects and toxicology of PCB/PCDF exposure. Prenatal exposure to these environmental chemicals causes the fetus to be sensitive to the toxic effects of persistent organic pollutants.
This study monitored ambient air concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) in three municipal waste incineration plants. Blood PCDD/Fs levels of 133 workers randomly selected from these plants were also measured. The associations between workers' blood PCDD/Fs concentrations and occupational exposures to PCDD/Fs were assessed. Means of air PCDD/Fs levels ranged from 0.08 to 3.01 pg/m3 in international toxic equivalents (I-TEQ). The geometric means of blood PCDD/Fs concentrations were 14.6, 15.8, 19.1 pg/g lipid in World Health Organization (WHO) TEQ, respectively, for workers from three plants. Air levels of total I-TEQ and all congeners, except 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin (TeCDD) and 1,2,3,4,7,8,9-heptachlorinated dibenzofuran (HpCDF), were significantly higher in plant B. However, blood concentrations of 2,3,7,8-TeCDD, 1,2,3,7,8-PeCDD, 2,3,7,8-TeCDF, 1,2,3,7,8-PeCDF and 1,2,3,4,7,8,9-HpCDF were significantly elevated in plant C workers. Although job contents, duration of employment and time spent in certain location were significantly different among incineration plants, they were not significantly associated with blood concentrations of any congener. Furthermore, results of the multiple regression analysis that assessed important occupational factors simultaneously and adjusted for potential confounders, showed significant associations between four congeners and incineration plant or job contents. However, the results were limited by small R-squares of the regression models. In conclusion, blood concentrations of several PCDD/Fs congeners were significantly different among three incineration plants. The differences were not explained by the discrepancy in job contents, duration of employment, and time activity in these plants.
To assess the spatial change in the influence of an industrial waste incinerator, a total of 47 soil samples (in continuous manner with distance) and 65 human blood samples (40 within 5 km and 20 at 7 and 12 km) were analyzed for polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins/polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs). The influence was not clearly observed both on the soil and blood levels of PCDD/Fs as the levels in the near zone (within 5 km) were not statistically different from those in the far zones at 7 and 12 km. Assessment was conducted on the congener patterns by using principal component analysis and by characterizing the congener fractions as a function of distance. In soil, the congener fractions of 2,3,4,7,8-PeCDF, 1,2,3,4,7,8-HxCDF, 1,2,3,6,7,8-HxCDF, 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDF, and OCDF decreased progressively with the distance. Blood was consistent with soil in that each congener fraction of these PCDFs (except OCDF) was statistically greater in the near zone than the far zones. The decreases in these PCDFs were balanced by OCDD in both soil and blood. It was concluded that although not obviously observed in the contamination levels, the influence of the incinerator was clearly shown by the congener patterns of PCDD/Fs in both soil and blood that changed with distance.
To assess the influence of a new hazardous waste incinerator (HWI) on public health, a preoperational monitoring program was established during the period of construction. In this study, the levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDD) and dibenzofurans (PCDF) accumulated in adipose tissue of 15 autopsied subjects living in the area under potential impact of the HWI were determined after approximately 3 years of regular operations in the facility. The non-ortho PCBs 77, 126 and 169 were also determined. PCDD/F concentrations ranged between 1.5 and 41 pg WHO-TEQ/g fat (2.4 and 72 WHO-TEQ/g fat, respectively, including PCBs), with a mean value of 11 pg WHO-TEQ/g fat and a median value of 7.4 pg WHO-TEQ/g fat (22 and 13 WHO-TEQ/g fat, respectively, including PCBs). In the baseline study, the mean level of PCDD/Fs was 36 pg WHO-TEQ/g fat (61 pg WHO-TEQ/g fat, including non-ortho PCBs 77, 126 and 169), which means a reduction of 70% (64% including PCBs). This notable reduction is in accordance with the important decrease observed in recent years in PCDD/F intake through the diet. The current concentrations of PCDD/Fs in human adipose tissue, as well as recent data on PCDD/F levels in plasma and breast milk of subjects living in the vicinity of the same HWI, indicate that there is not any additional significant exposure to PCDD/Fs for this population.
This work compares two lipid extraction methods for determining 24 polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), seven dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and ten dibenzofurans (PCDFs) in human blood plasma. The first method was based on conventional liquid-liquid partitioning with chloroform-methanol and the other made use of a sorbent (Chem-Elut) to facilitate the partitioning of lipids into a mixture of hexane and 2-propanol. A multi-layer-silica column including acid- and base-impregnated silica gel was used to reduce the amounts of lipid present in the samples before a basic alumina clean-up step and activated carbon fractionation of planar analytes (PCDD/Fs and non-ortho-PCBs) and non-planar analytes (including ortho-chlorinated PCBs). Gas chromatography coupled to high resolution mass spectrometry was used to identify and quantify the analytes in the two fractions. The wet weight based concentrations obtained by the two methods were in agreement but both methods suffer from large organic solvent consumption. The toxic equivalencies derived for PCBs and PCDD/Fs using the two methods were also in agreement. However, the chloroform-methanol method gave slightly higher lipid recoveries, although with greater variation, than the sorbent-assisted method. Nevertheless, despite giving lower lipid recoveries, the sorbent-assisted method has advantages in ease of use and applicability to whole blood samples. The formation of emulsions was avoided with the Chem-Elut method, which probably explains the lower variability in the lipid determinations.
Analysis of blood samples is an effective way of evaluating contamination by persistent pollutants such as polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin/furans (PCDD/Fs), and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in human population. Concentrations of PBDEs, PCDD/Fs and PCBs were measured in the blood of laborers (n = 13) working full time in two different municipal waste incinerator (MWI) plants and residents from the general population (n = 22) living in areas near MWIs in Korea. The concentrations of PBDEs were found to be slightly higher in the blood of incineration workers (8.61-46.05 ng/g lipid; mean, 19.33 ng/g lipid; median, 15.94 ng/g lipid) in comparison to that of residents from the general population (7.24-28.89 ng/g lipid; mean, 15.06 ng/g lipid; median, 14.34 ng/g lipid). The total average PCDD/Fs and PCB TEQ concentration was 20.11 pg/g lipid, averaged over incineration workers (17.73 pg/g lipid) and the general population (21.52 pg/g lipid). In addition, the average total crude concentration of PCDD/Fs was 7.40 ng/g lipids, which was 4.1 times greater than for PBDEs. Congener specific analysis confirmed that BDE 47 was a predictive indicator for total PBDE concentration (correlation coefficient r = 0.912), and that PCB 153 was a predictive indicator for total PCB concentration (r = 0.967). The PBDE levels in human blood in Korea are much higher than those reported in other countries. The presence of the BDE 183 congener was characteristic in the blood of workers from an electronic dismantling facility in MWIs.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) are persistent organic pollutants that are resistant to environmental and biological degradation and disperse into various environmental compartments throughout the atmosphere, water, soil, sediments, and food. Many factors, such as age, sex, lifestyle, and metabolism, can explain the distribution of serum levels after humans exposed to PCDD/Fs. The aim of our study was therefore to investigate the PCDD/Fs distribution and profile of the general population in northern Taiwan. All selected subjects were between 18 and 65 years old and proportionally chosen from five age groups based on population distribution of each district or county. Higher serum PCDD/F levels were found in the elder than in the young, and in females than in males. In addition, nonsmokers and passive smokers showed higher levels of PCDD/Fs than active smokers. The serum concentrations of 2,3,4,7,8-PeCDF; 1,2,3,7,8-PeCDD; and 1,2,3,6,7,8-HxCDD in some subjects seemed to increase with their age, which might have been caused by the longer half-lives of these substances. In future studies, more information about food consumption, occupational exposure, open-combustion, and other potential factors needs to be collected to clarify the most important factors affecting the distribution of serum PCDD/Fs in the general population in Taiwan.
In the context of a monitoring program, persistent organic pollutants (POPs) were quantified in the blood of 10 year old children at four different demographic regions in Baden-Wuerttemberg, a highly industrialised federal state in South West Germany. DDE, HCB, PCB 138, PCB 153 and PCB 180 were measured in 1996/1997, 1998/1999, 2000/2001 and 2002/2003 in individual samples of about 400 children per year. PCDD/PCDFs and some relevant coplanar PCBs were determined in pooled samples from children in seven cycles from 1993 to 2003. Blood concentrations of the investigated compounds decreased in that time period by a factor of 2-4 with the exception of most PCDFs. The concentrations of POPs in the blood of the children were distinctly lower than the concentrations reported for adults. Breast feeding was associated with about 30% higher median concentrations of DDE, HCB, PCBs and a 30% increase for mean PCDD/PCDF concentrations. Concerning demographic differences, significant lower concentrations of HCB, PCBs and PCDD/PCDFs could be seen in children from Mannheim compared to the region of Aulendorf. About 10-20% higher concentrations were found in boys compared to girls for HCB, indicator PCBs and PCDD/PCDFs. The pattern of non-ortho and mono-ortho PCBs in the blood of children was similar to the pattern reported for mother's milk, and PCB 126 and PCB 156 contributed about 70% to the toxicity of dioxin-like PCBs and about one-third to total TEQ including PCDD/PCDFs.
In 1998-2000, concentrations of summed polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) in the exhaust gas of an infectious waste incineration plant were 17-510 ng toxic equivalents (TEQ)/m(3), which reached levels above the Japanese legal limit value of 80 ng TEQ/m(3). The incinerator ceased operation in November 2000. This study was aimed at determining whether the incinerator workers were exposed to high levels of PCDDs and PCDFs. Blood samples of five workers were collected at 1 month and 16 months after the end of the occupational dioxin exposure. For comparison, blood samples were also collected from control subjects. Ash remaining in the incinerator and dust deposited around the conveyer and incinerator areas were collected; TEQ values were 44 and 10 ng TEQ/g, respectively. A month after the end of occupational dioxin exposure, mean TEQ for the workers was 49.1 pg TEQ/g lipid, which was 2.7 times as high as that for the controls. At 16 months, the mean TEQ for the workers decreased to 29.4 pg TEQ/g lipid, which was 1.6 times that for the controls. Ratios of serum level of each congener of PCDDs and PCDFs between 1 and 16 months after exposure were 0.44 to 0.69. This study showed that the serum dioxin levels for the infectious waste incinerator workers were higher than the controls, and the serum dioxin level decreased after the end of the occupational dioxin exposure.
The aim of this study was to evaluate the PCDD/Fs patterns in ambient air based on data information emitted from incinerator generated from ambient air measurements and those in serum. Four circular zones, namely A, B, C, and D, were identified based on simulated ambient annual average PCDD/Fs concentrations, from a selected municipal waste incinerator. Sixteen ambient samples were taken from the 4 circular zones across 4-seasons. Eighty-nine volunteers were recruited according to the demographic distribution within each zone. PCDD/Fs profiles were documented both for air and serum samples collected. Comparing to the congener patterns from ambient air and serum samples, we found that OCDD, OCDF, 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDD, and 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDF were the predominant groups among 17 congeners from both the ambient air and serum sample. And, factor analysis showed the distribution patterns of PCDD/Fs from ambient air and serum samples are almost identical across different zones, except for congener patterns of serum samples from residents in zone C. In addition, the average PCDD/Fs level significantly reduced for about 10 folds than those of the other three seasons when the incinerator was shut down in one of sampling periods. We might conclude that ambient air exposure was the most important contributor to PCDD/Fs levels in ambient air but not the single in serum. Therefore, another or more powerful source, such as occupational exposure, dietary intake or the consumption of local food, should be further investigated at the same time.
In 1978-1979, a mass poisoning occurred in central Taiwan from rice-bran oil contaminated by heat-degraded PCBs was later called the Yucheng (oil disease in Chinese). Only a few studies have so far investigated the levels of specific polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) or polychlorinated dibenzodioxin/furan (PCDD/F) congeners in the Yucheng victims. This study aimed to investigate the serum residual levels of thirty-three PCBs and seventeen 2,3,7,8-substituted PCDD/F congeners in the Yucheng victims 15 years after the exposure. Forty-one blood samples were collected from individual Yucheng victims in 1994-1995. The mean levels of total 33 PCBs and 17 PCDD/Fs were 2468 ng/g lipid (13.3 ng/g sample) and 6550 pg/g lipid (30.9 pg/g sample) respectively. The higher levels were found in PCBs #99, #138, #153, #156, #170, #179, and #180 among 33 PCB congeners, while 2,3,4,7,8-PeCDF, 1,2,3,4,7,8-HxCDF, and OCDD had the higher concentrations among 17 PCDD/F congeners. The total TEQ was contributed in decreasing order by 10 PCDFs (44%), three non-ortho-PCBs (24%), six mono-ortho-PCBs (20%), and seven PCDDs (12%). The mean total PCB levels and TEQ value of the 17 PCDD/Fs in the Yucheng victims 15 years after the toxic exposure were still 9 and 46 times higher than those in the general population in Taiwan. Principle component analysis (PCA) indicated that seven PCB congeners, PCBs #99, #138, #153, #156, #170, #179, and #180, accounted for 73% of the total variances in PCBs. On the other hand, six PCDD/F congeners, 2,3,4,7,8-PeCDF, 1,2,3,4,7,8-HxCDF, 1,2,3,6,7,8-HxCDF, 1,2,3,6,7,8-HxCDD, 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDF, and OCDD, accounted for 97% of the total variances in PCDD/Fs. In addition, PCA revealed that at least three characteristic patterns of congener profiles for PCBs were observed among the Yucheng victims. Similar trend was also observed for PCDD/Fs. These patterns may reflect distinctive exposure scenarios and/or different metabolizing capabilities among the Yucheng victims. We suggest that these patterns, in contrast to total PCB and PCDD/F levels, may be valuable for the future epidemiologic studies when linking exposure with specific health effect.
To characterize the maternal-fetal transport of lipophilic endocrine disrupting chemicals, concentrations of polychlorinated (2,3,7,8-substituted) dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), dibenzofurans (PCDFs), and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) were measured in maternal and fetal blood, and amniotic and allantoic fluids in cattle. Total toxicity equivalent quantity (TEQ) was highest in amniotic fluid on a fat-weight basis, whereas it was highest in maternal blood on a total weight basis. TEQ was lowest in allantoic fluid on either basis; 26 of 29 congeners analyzed in this experiment were detected in one or more samples. The largest number of congeners was detected in amniotic fluid. O8CDD, 2,3,4,7,8-P5CDF and 2,3',4,4',5-P5CB were the major congeners in PCDDs, PCDFs and PCBs, respectively. The O8CDD concentration was higher in fetal blood than in maternal blood on a fat-weight basis, whereas concentrations of other congeners were lower in fetal blood than in maternal blood. Furthermore, on a fat-weight basis, the O8CDD concentration was considerably higher in allantoic fluid compared with other samples. Concentrations of major PCB congeners were higher in amniotic fluid than in maternal and fetal blood on a fat-weight basis. In conclusion, it is suggested that lipophilic endocrine-disrupting chemicals contained in maternal blood are all transferred to the fetal circulation via the placenta in cattle. Furthermore, the results of this experiment imply that O8CDD has different transportation systems from other dioxins in the circulation, and that a considerable amount of PCBs is excreted and accumulated in amniotic fluid during the fetal stage in cattle.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dibenzofurans (PCDFs) are persistent environmental pollutants shown to adversely interact with several functions of the endocrine system. In 1978-1979, over 2000 Taiwanese people ingested rice oil accidentally contaminated with PCBs and PCDFs. This is one of the major toxic exposure episodes that occurred globally and was later called Yucheng (oil disease in Chinese). The children born to exposed Yucheng women were therefore exposed in utero to high doses of PCBs/PCDFs. In 1995, 60 Yucheng and 61 control boys participated in physical examination, and serum hormones were measured by radioimmunoassay (RIA). Age, body weight, body height, Tanner status, testicular size, serum luteinizing hormone (LH), prolactin (PRL), thyroxine (T4), triiodothyronine (T3), and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) levels were not statistically different between Yucheng and control boys in the subgroups of before and at the age of puberty. However, the serum estradiol (E2) levels were significant higher in Yucheng boys at the age of puberty. Yucheng and control boys were further divided into two subgroups, those before (age <13 yr) and those at the age of puberty (age > or = 13 yr). There was a decrease of serum testosterone (TT) levels and increase of serum follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) levels in Yucheng boys at the age of puberty as compared with controls. There was a significant decrease of the square root of TT/E2 and TT/FSH; however, the square root of E2/FSH was increased in Yucheng boys at the age of puberty as compared with controls. Data indicated that prenatal exposure to PCBs and PCDFs may have implications for boys' sex hormone homeostasis at puberty. Further studies are needed to identify the congeners of PCBs/PCDFs responsible for disruption of the endocrine system, as well as the mechanisms of such disruption.
An abandoned pentachlorophenol plant and nearby area in southern Taiwan was heavily contaminated by dioxins, impurities formed in the PCP production process. The investigation showed that the average serum PCDD/Fs of residents living nearby area (62.5 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid) was higher than those living in the non-polluted area (22.5 and 18.2 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid) (P<0.05). In biota samples, average PCDD/F of milkfish in sea reservoir (28.3 pg WHO-TEQ/g) was higher than those in the nearby fish farm (0.15 pg WHO-TEQ/g), and Tilapia and shrimp showed the similar trend. The average daily PCDD/Fs intake of 38% participants was higher than 4 pg WHO-TEQ/kg/day suggested by the world health organization. Serum PCDD/F was positively associated with average daily intake (ADI) after adjustment for age, sex, BMI, and smoking status. In addition, a prospective cohort study is suggested to determine the long-term health effects on the people living near factory.
This study aimed to evaluate serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) levels in electric-arc-furnace workers according to their corresponding occupational exposure. In addition, the ambient PCDD/Fs of the work environment were measured to provide additional support for the exposure and accumulation inside the electric arc furnace. The ambient PCDD/F concentrations inside the electric arc furnace were 1.557-1.917 pg-TEQ/Nm(3), 5-24 folds higher than those outside (0.080-0.385 pg-TEQ/N m(3)). In addition, higher average serum levels were measured in the workers with high occupational dioxin exposure (24.0 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid) than in those with lower occupational dioxin exposure (13.8 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid). Higher PCDFs/PCDDs ratios were found in serum samples from high-exposure groups than in low-exposure groups. The higher ratio of PCDFs/PCDDs was also found in ambient samples consistent with other metallurgical processes reported previously. Our results suggest that PCDD/Fs exposure exits in the smelting process of electric arc furnace, and the occupational hygiene should be taken more seriously concern in that workplace.
Previous studies reported that polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) induced hepatic cytochrome P-4501A1 (CYP1A1). The aim of this study was to examine the interactive influence of CYP1A1 genotypes and PCDD/Fs exposure on liver function profile. PCDD/Fs levels and liver function parameters were determined in serum and correlated with genetic polymorphism of CYP1A1/Msp 1 in 225 human volunteers who had no or minimal occupational exposure to PCDD/F. The results showed that the highest glutamate pyruvate transaminase (GPT) activity levels were found in subjects with homozygous variant CYP1A1/Msp 1, followed by heterozygous variant, and finally homozygous wild type for those individuals whose serum PCDD/Fs levels were higher than 17.4 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid. Data suggest that GPT activity levels may be modified by interaction of CYP1A1/Msp 1 genotype with dioxin after adjustment for age, alcohol consumption, and history of liver illness. Further studies are needed to characterize the variation in other related genes to verify whether a correlation exists between serum PCDD/Fs levels and adverse health effects.
The main objective of this study was to establish background levels of serum PCDD/Fs and biochemistry of residents living near municipal waste incinerators (MWIs) which had been operating between 1 and 8 years, and also to examine the association between the serum PCDD/Fs levels and health outcomes of interest. Information on medical history, life-style, and dietary habits was obtained by questionnaire interview. Significantly elevated levels of glucose and blood urea nitrogen (BUN) were found in those with low to high serum PCDD/Fs levels (p<0.05), and PCDD/Fs levels were found to be positively associated with glucose levels, and marginally with GGT levels even after adjusting for age, sex, BMI and smoking status. Although no conclusive findings on health disorder were associated with the accumulation of serum PCDD/Fs in our study participants, we suggest that the current biochemistry examinations only reflect partially the physiological change in glucose modulation and liver function. However, the low serum PCDD/Fs level does not seem to be sufficient in eliciting pathological process for diabetes or liver-related diseases. The findings suggest that the human body's biochemistry functions such as liver and glucose modulation were affected by PCDD/Fs exposure at even these low serum PCDD/Fs levels found in the general population. Other biochemical functions therefore should be further analyzed, especially for hormone-related and immune functions.
This study was designed to examine the associations between serum polychtorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) levels and adverse hepatic-related health outcomes. Residents living in the vicinity of a closed pentachlorophenol (PCP) manufacturing factory (exposure area) and other areas nearby (control area) were identified from prior investigation of serum PCDD/Fs measurements. A total of 85 subjects were recruited for the study, 52 from exposure area and 33 from control, respectively. Average level of serum PCDD/Fs was 80.1 6 50.9 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid for those residing in exposure area, and 25.5 6 18.2 in control area. Statistically higher odds ratio (ORs) for fatty liver and gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) activity was found in subjects with higher serum PCDD/Fs levels and high body mass index (BMI) as compared to those with lower PCDD/Fs levels and less BMI. Data suggest that dioxin exposure and high lipid content affect the prevalence of fatty liver in exposed subjects. Future study should be directed to prevent continuous exposure to environmental PCDD/Fs from the defunct PCP factory, and to characterize prospectively, with a larger study sample size, the potential long-term consequences on hepatic function associated with contaminant exposure.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) have been found in ambient air around municipal waste incinerators (MWIs), and elevated serum levels in incinerator workers have also been observed in some studies. However, few studies have focused on temporary employees who work intermittently through the annual maintenance and clean-up around different incinerators. The present study aimed to assess the change in serum PCDD/F levels of temporary employees between the beginning of periodic incinerator maintenance and one month the work was completed. Thirty-five volunteer workers, most of them transient and temporary maintenance staff, were recruited from a contractor that provided annual maintenance for four incinerators in this study. Information about each participant was obtained by questionnaire at the beginning of annual maintenance. The questionnaire asked for work history, health status, and diet information. As measured by the PCDD/F levels in blood, a significant increase was observed in workers after a month of maintenance work. The increase was greater in workers who had never done this type of maintenance than in those with previous experience, especially for 2,3,4,6,7,8-HxCDF levels. The data also showed that the laborers and employers need to pay more attention to occupational health issues even for short-term incinerator maintenance workers.
A pentachlorophenol (PCP) manufacturing plant in southern Taiwan discontinued production in 1989. The site of the abandoned plant was heavily contaminated by PCDD/PCDFs, impurities formed in the PCP production process. Serum samples collected from 27 residents living near the deserted plant were evaluated to determine whether this contamination had associated serum levels of PCDD/PCDFs in local residents. The average level of 17 tested congeners ranged from 556 to 5240 pg/g lipid (mean, 1670 pg/g lipid). The corresponding 2,3,7,8-TCDD toxicity equivalent quotient values calculated by international toxicity equivalent factors (I-TEFs) and those recommended by WHO (WHO-TEFs) were 47.2 pg I-TEQ/g lipid and 53.4 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid, respectively. Levels in other parts of Taiwan typically range from 15 to 20 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid; therefore, it is likely that the heavily contaminated plant site caused these unusually high serum levels. The average PCDD/PCDF levels of 29 fish-tissue and nine soil samples collected from the sea reservoir surrounding the abandoned PCP plant were also abnormally high: 8630 pg/g lipid (985 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid) and 606000 pg/g-sample (922 pg WHO-TEQ/g-sample), respectively. Factor analysis indicated that the congener pattern of human serum samples collected from residents living near the abandoned PCP plant different from samples collected from other areas in Taiwan without known PCDD/PCDF pollution. Similar results were observed for the fish tissue and soil samples. The current study may have discovered a "hot spot" for elevated dioxin human exposure in Taiwan. The preliminary finding has raised a public health concern in the inspected area and requires further investigations to clarify the nature of the contamination and potential impact on the local environment and human health.
The aim of this study was to evaluate possible factors affecting serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin (PCDD) and dibenzofuran (PCDF) levels of people living near municipal waste incinerators (MWIs). We selected 19 MWIs in Taiwan and collected 1708 serum samples from residents 18-65 years old who had lived within 5 km of one of the selected MWIs for at least 5 years. The samples were analyzed using a standardized study protocol to assure comparability of the concentrations from 17 PCDD/F congeners. The results suggested that a vegetarian regimen was a protective factor to avoid serum PCDD/F accumulation in the subjects. In addition, the current data seemed to support the hypothesis that serum PCDD/F levels of residents living near MWIs are related to they consumed the locally grown or cultivated vegetable and animal foods, such as poultry products near the MWIs. Our results can be used to create guidelines for preventing excessive PCDD/F accumulation from eating animal and vegetable foods grown near MWIs.
We analyzed the weighted 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey data to assess potential differences in mean total 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) TEQ between various groups of individuals and to determine serum reference concentrations for polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in the general US population. Differences appeared to exist between female smokers and non-smokers and between non-Hispanic groups and all other races. Potential differences were also observed among the four age groups with an increasing trend in mean total TCDD TEQ with increasing age. Both age and gender appeared to confound the association between smoking status and total TCDD TEQ, dictating the need for further analysis. As anticipated, PCBs contributed appreciably to the total TCDD TEQ levels in the referent population and accounted for 38% to 41% of the total TEQ depending on age. Nearly 80% of the mean total TCDD TEQ was attributable to four PCDD/F congeners and three PCB congeners. In this analysis, two methods were used to assess samples where the concentrations were below the limits of detection (LODs), and this did not have significant impact on the mean total TCDD TEQ at the higher percentiles and for older individuals. Comparison of our results to those from a recent PCDD/F biomonitoring study indicates that the mean TCDD TEQ serum concentration of the individuals studied does not appear to be different from typical levels found in the general US population. Additionally, an assessment of data from the National Human Adipose Tissue Survey using our referent statistics shows that levels of these chemicals have been declining in the general population for at least two decades. The reference TEQs presented in this paper provide relevant, current data that can be used to evaluate biomonitoring results of individuals or groups exposed or potentially exposed to PCDD/Fs and PCBs above referent levels.
We measured the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), non-ortho polychlorinated biphenyls (non-ortho PCBs) and mono-ortho polychlorinated biphenyls (mono-ortho PCBs) in blood collected from 279 Yusho patients living in Japan, 92 Yusho-suspected persons living in Japan and 127 normal controls living in Fukuoka Prefecture, and compared among the groups in terms the concentrations of these compounds. The total toxic equivalents (TEQ) concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, non-ortho PCBs, and mono-ortho PCBs in the bloods of Yusho patients and Yusho-suspected persons were 161.4 and 51.2 pg TEQ/g lipid, respectively and were about 3.5 and 1.1 times higher than those of normal controls, respectively. Although the TEQ concentrations of PCDDs, non-ortho PCBs, and mono-ortho PCBs among Yusho patients, Yusho-suspected persons and normal controls were nearly the same, the PCDFs levels of Yusho patients were significantly higher than those of Yusho-suspected persons and about 10.3 times higher than those of normal controls. In Yusho patients, PCDFs contributed about 65% to the total TEQ concentration. Among the PCDFs congeners for Yusho patients, the concentration of 2,3,4,7,8-pentachlorodibenzofuran (PeCDF) was about 11.3 times higher than that of normal controls. These findings indicated that Yusho patients even now, more than 34 years after the outbreak of Yusho, have much higher blood levels of 2,3,4,7,8-PeCDF in general than do unaffected persons.
Secondary copper smelters, which primarily utilize the waste materials that contain organic impurities, and the zinc recovery plant, which handles mostly fly ash and slag from the iron and steel industry, are major emission sources of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) in Taiwan. In this study, we compared the levels of erythrocyte glutathione (GSH), erythrocyte superoxide dismutase (SOD) and plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) in workers at a secondary copper smelting plant and a zinc recovery plant who may have been exposed to PCDD/Fs. Though the PCDD/F levels were higher in workers of zinc recovery plant than those of secondary copper smelting plant, no significant difference was found for serum PCDD/F levels between the two kinds of plants. We observed a significant difference in plasma MDA levels between workers at the zinc recovery plant (2.54 microM) and those at the copper smelting plant (1.79 microM). There was and a significant positive correlation between plasma MDA levels and the PCDD/Fs levels. In addition, we observed that the MDA levels were not affected by smoking and exercise status. Therefore, the data suggest that the MDA levels of the metal recovery workers are influenced by their PCDD/F exposure. The erythrocyte SOD activity in workers from the zinc recovery plant was marginally higher than that from the secondary copper plant (196 vs. 146 units/ml, p<0.06). In both plants, large variations in the MDA and SOD levels were found, especially in the high-PCDD/Fs-exposure group, which may be attributed, at least partially, to the differences in smoking status and the number of cigarettes smoked. Overall, our results indicate a higher oxidative stress in workers of the zinc recovery plant than in workers of the secondary copper smelting plant in Taiwan.
Age and gender are related to human dietary habits, which affect serum levels of dioxin-like compounds via body fat content. This study examined whether different dietary patterns and body fat content were associated with serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) concentrations for different age groups of Taiwanese subjects. In total, 1165 volunteers completed a semi-quantitative food-consumption frequency questionnaire for serum PCDD/Fs analysis. In the elderly (age, >45 years), a significant positive multivariate-adjusted association was identified between serum PCDD/F levels and sea fish intake. Additionally, consumption of tofu was negatively correlated with serum PCDD/F levels. This study also found a negative correlation between tofu intake and body fat content in the elderly. It seems that when elderly people ingested considerable amounts of soybean protein, such as tofu, they typically had low serum PCDD/Fs levels in relation to reduced body fat content and induction of metabolic enzymes. The relationship between tofu intake, metabolic enzymes, and serum PCDD/F accumulations warrants further investigated previously to recommend how to prevent PCDD/F accumulations via intake of soybean products.
We evaluated the impact of the 1999 Belgian dioxin incident on the blood plasma polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin (PCDD) and polychlorinated dibenzofuran (PCDF) levels among 232 Belgian blood donors (74% men, mean age 47 years). The Red Cross made plasma samples from before the incident of these donors available. A second plasma sample was collected during the second half of 2000. The sum of the 17 PCDD/F congeners was significantly lower in 2000 compared to 1998 (417 pg/g fat versus 445 pg/g fat, respectively). This could be completely attributed to the significant decrease of OctaCDD (301 pg/g fat in 2000 versus 277 pg/g fat in 1998). Moreover a slight but significant decrease was observed for 2,3,7,8-TetraCDF and for 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HeptaCDF. 1,2,3,7,8-PentaCDF and 2,3,4,7,8-PentaCDF however showed a slight but significant increase (respective levels in 1998 were 0.004 and 14.5 pg/g fat compared to 0.006 and 17.9 pg/g fat in 2000). Given their significantly higher presence in incident related food samples this increase can be attributed to the food contamination episode. However, the total toxicity remained unchanged (22.9 in 1998 versus 23.1 pg WHO-TEQ/g fat, p>0.05). Moreover the observed congener profiles and the total PCDD/F levels were similar to those of other European non-occupationally exposed populations. In conclusion, the 1999 PCB/dioxin incident was traceable in the plasma profiles (rise of the two specific PCDF congeners), but comparison of the results for both years indicates that the changes were too small to cause an adverse public health effect.
In the context of two Environmental Health Surveillance Programs, launched in response to public and scientific concern in relation to waste incinerators located near Lisbon and in Madeira Island, two human biomonitoring projects have been started in Portugal, focussed in dioxins and dioxin-like compounds in human milk. Results from the undertaken studies have already provided data on the extent and pattern of dioxin body burden of both studied groups as well as a preliminary temporal trend of dioxin levels for the population residing near Lisbon incinerator. The present paper investigates difference between exposed and non-exposed subjects under study and, from a preventive perspective, possible covariates of the dioxin levels in human milk. Emissions from both incinerators appear to be well controlled as there is no increase of human body burden of dioxins as measured in human milk of individuals living near these facilities. Concerning other determinants of dioxin levels, results suggest confirmation of previously found significant age-dependent trend towards higher levels of dioxins in aged subjects. On the contrary, association between mother's levels of dioxins and parity lost significance. Apart from the issue of incineration, the general conclusion for the general population is that living in Lisbon as compared to Madeira results in higher milk dioxin levels and possible health risks. The profile of the single congeners for PCDD/Fs in human milk from Madeira and Lisbon shows similar contributions for 12378-PCDD, 23478-PCDF, 123678-HCDD and 2378-TCDD, that account altogether for about 84% of the total identified dioxin body burden in the studied groups.
Blood samples of pregnant women aged between 19 and 42 years at the time they gave birth and milk samples from the same women following delivery were collected between September 2000 and January 2003 from 169 participants living in an industrialized area of Germany (Duisburg birth cohort study). All samples were analyzed for their content of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) as well as dioxin-like and indicator polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB). Levels of WHO-TEq were in the range of 4.34-97.3 pg/g(lipid base) (median: 26.37, arithmetic mean: 28.36) for blood, or 3.01-78.7 pg/g(lipid base) (median: 26.40, arithmetic mean: 27.27) for milk, respectively. The four congeners 12378-PeCDD, 23478-PeCDF, 33'44'5-PeCB (# 126) and 233'44'5-HxCB (# 156) contribute the main share to total WHO-TEq. The contribution of PCDD/F in relation to PCB to total WHO-TEq was 60:40% in blood and 52:48% in milk. Good correlations of the contaminant levels in lipid base between both matrices were found. The distribution between blood and milk depends on the molecular weight of the substances. Higher chlorinated PCDD/F- and PCB-congeners were found in 2-4-fold higher concentrations in blood in relation to milk and the concentrations of lower chlorinated PCB-congeners were up to 2-fold higher in milk in relation to blood. The body burden of PCDD/F and PCB increases with age and decreases over the total nursing period. Women who had lived outside highly industrialized countries showed lower concentrations of PCDD/F and PCB. In some cases, elevated levels of PCB were observed when the women had previously lived in Eastern Europe for a long time. In comparison with recent data, the decline in human PCDD/F and PCB levels observed during the nineties seems to have stopped. The individual exposures of the infants due to breastfeeding within the first 18 months were calculated to be from 4.4 to 318 ng WHO-TEq (median: 106, arithmetic mean: 118). The actual mean daily exposure of a breastfed infant can be estimated to 131 pg WHO-TEq/kg(body weight).
This study deals with a PCB, PCDD and PCDF contamination in Brescia, a city in the North-West of Italy, affecting an area with about 11000 inhabitants. The area is close to an industrial plant that produced, in total, some 31,000 ton of PCB. A relevant part of the polluted area is agricultural soil, where cattle were fed with polluted forage and farmers were consuming their own products, so that contamination led eventually to human exposure. Total levels of PCDD/Fs varied from 8 to 592 pgTE(WHO)/g for soil samples and when the dioxin-like PCBs (dl-PCBs) are included, the levels varied from 14.6 to 1033.7 pgTE(WHO)/g. In several cases, the legal limit was exceeded by more than one order of magnitude, with the highest contamination in some agricultural areas and in the surrounding zones. For the forage samples, total levels of PCDD/Fs varied from 0.29 to 2.04 pgTE(WHO)/g and, when dl-PCBs are included, this range increased from 2.04 to 4.75 pgTE(WHO)/g. PCB contamination of the forage through vapor condensation seemed to be relevant. The toxic contribution of dl-PCBs is always relevant and must be considered for risk management. The main component of the contamination source is probably a heavy PCB mixture, such as Aroclor 1262. The study dealt generally with the contamination transfer of PCBs, PCDDs and PCDFs from soil up to humans across the food chain. Results on soils and forages are shown, while measurements concerning the contamination of the animals fed with contaminated forage, and the exposure of the farmers (through human serum analyses), as compared to general population, will be reported in a dedicated paper.
We measured levels of PCDDs, PCDFs, non-ortho, and mono-ortho substituted PCBs in 106 US Air Force Vietnam veterans, participants of the Air Force Health Study (AFHS) who attended the final medical examination in 2002. Twelve veterans were Ranch Hands involved in aerial spraying of herbicides in Vietnam (1962-1971), and 94 were Comparisons who flew transport missions in Southeast Asia (SEA) during the same time period. These veterans had no previous 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) measurement because they had not attended any of the previous AFHS examinations, or their previous measurements were missing or not valid. The mean TCDD levels in 2002 were 1.7 pg/g lipid in Comparisons and 5.5 pg/g lipid in Ranch Hands. The mean PCDD toxic equivalent - TEQ (1997) in Comparisons was 12.6 pg/g lipid, 5.4 pg/g lipid for PCDFs, 5.2 pg/g lipid for non-ortho PCBs, and 9.4 pg/g lipid for mono-ortho PCBs, with a total mean TEQ (1997) of 32.6 pg/g lipid. Corresponding mean TEQs in Ranch Hands were 15.5 pg/g lipid for PCDDs, 4.6 pg/g lipid for PCDFs, 2.2 pg/g lipid for non-ortho PCBs, and 9.3 pg/g lipid for mono-ortho PCBs, yielding the total mean TEQ (1997) of 31.6pg/g lipid. Using the re-evaluated 2005 WHO TEFs, the total mean TEQs (2005) decreased by about 28% in both Comparisons and Ranch Hands, to 23.6 pg/g lipid and 22.8 pg/g lipid, respectively. This was mainly due to changes of TEFs for the group of mono-ortho PCBs, which decreased the mono-ortho PCBs TEQs by almost 90% in both Ranch Hands and Comparisons.
This study examines serum levels of 2,3,7,8-substituted chlorinated dioxins and furans, and PCBs for 375 Michigan workers with potential chlorophenol exposure, 37 Worker Referents, and 71 Community Referents. The chlorophenol workers were last exposed to trichlorophenol and/or pentachlorophenol 26-62 years ago. Employees working only in the trichlorophenol units had mean lipid-adjusted 2378-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) levels of 15.9 ppt compared with 6.5 ppt in the Worker Referents. Employees working only in the pentachlorophenol units had mean lipid-adjusted levels for 123478-H6CDD of 16.1 ppt, 123678-H6CDD of 150.6 ppt, 123789-H6CDD of 20.2 ppt, 1234678-H7CDD of 192.6 ppt, and OCDD of 2,594.0 ppt compared with the Worker Referent levels for the same congeners of 7.5, 74.7, 8.6, 68.7, and 509.1 ppt, respectively. All furan and PCB levels among workers in the trichlorophenol and/or pentachlorophenol departments were similar to the Worker Referents. The Tradesmen who worked throughout the plant had dioxin congener profiles consistent with both trichlorophenol and pentachlorophenol exposures. PCB levels and levels of 23478-P5CDF, 123478-H6CDF, and 123678-H6CDF were also greater in these Tradesmen than in the Worker Referents. The Worker Referent group had higher levels of dioxins and furans than the Community Referents indicating the potential for exposure outside the chlorophenol departments at the site. Distinct patterns of dioxin congeners were found many years after exposure among workers with different chlorophenol exposures. Furthermore, past trichlorophenol exposures were readily distinguishable from past pentachlorophenol exposures based on serum dioxin evaluations among workers. These data can be used to better assess dioxin exposures in future health studies.
We measured the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), non-ortho coplanar polychlorinated biphenyls (non-ortho PCBs), and mono-ortho coplanar polychlorinated biphenyls (mono-ortho PCBs) in blood collected between 2002 and 2004 from 195 pregnant women living in Sapporo City of Hokkaido Prefecture, Japan. The present study is one of the few studies in which PCDDs, PCDFs, and dioxin-like PCBs have been measured in the blood of pregnant women. Of the 195 pregnant women, 101 were primipara (mean: 28.8 years) and 94 were multipara (mean: 32.4 years). The arithmetic mean total TEQ concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, non-ortho PCBs, and mono-ortho PCBs of primiparous and multiparous mothers in Sapporo City were 17.4 (median: 15.7) and 14.0 (median: 13.9)pgTEQ/glipid, respectively, and the concentrations were in the range of 6.6-43.4 and 3.4-28.2pgTEQ/glipid, respectively. In regard to the relationship between the total TEQ concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, non-ortho PCBs, and mono-ortho PCBs in maternal blood and the number of deliveries or age of primiparous and multiparius mothers, the levels of these dioxin-like compounds tended to decrease with increases in the number of deliveries and significantly increased with increasing maternal age in both groups. Furthermore, significant correlations were observed between the total TEQ concentrations of these dioxin-like compounds and the age of primiparae and multiparae. The total TEQ concentration of PCDDs, PCDFs, non-ortho PCBs, and mono-ortho PCBs measured in 195 pregnant women has decreased compared to past levels in Japan for the last several decades. The results of the present study have indicated that dioxin contamination in the blood of young women in Japan is continuing to decrease.
This study was set out to assess polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) exposures and health-risk impact posed on sinter plant workers. One sinter plant located in southern Taiwan was selected and their workers were divided into four exposure groups based on their work tasks, including raw material charging workers, sintering grate workers, shredding workers, and others. Results show that their mean total PCDD/F and the corresponding total I-TEQ exposure levels shared the same trend as: shredding workers>others>sintering grate workers>raw material charging workers. For all selected exposure groups, their PCDD/F exposures were dominated by the particle phase contents. Congener profiles of the gaseous+particle phase PCDD/Fs were found with more fractions of high chlorinated congeners than low chlorinated congeners. The lifetime average daily doses (LADDs) and their resultant excess cancer risks (ECRs) found for sinter plant workers were higher than those residents living at the residential area and rural area, but were lower than those living at the nearby of the selected sinter plant, urban area, industrial area. Considering ECRs of the sinter plant workers were still higher than 10(-6) suggesting the need for adopting proper control measurements for reducing workers' PCDD/F exposures, particularly for those sinter zone workers.
Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) can affect neurobehavioral development of infants and children. This effect may be mediated through disruption of thyroid hormone homeostasis. However, epidemiological studies reveal no consistent influence of PCDD/Fs and PCBs on thyroid status and neurodevelopment at environmental background levels. The effects may resolve with time of further decreasing exposure to these compounds. The aim of this study was to find out if there are still effects related to prenatal PCDD/F and PCB observable at the meanwhile decreased levels of exposure by using the same methods which have been applied in similar studies during the last 10 years in Europe. The birth cohort study was initiated in the year 2000 in the industrialized city of Duisburg, Germany. 232 healthy mother-infant pairs were recruited between 2000 and 2002. Dioxins, dioxin-like PCBs and six indicator PCBs were analyzed in maternal blood during pregnancy and in maternal milk following extraction and sample clean-up by HRGC/HRMS. Thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), total thyroxine (T4), total triiodothyronine (T3), free thyroxine (FT4) and free triiodothyronine (FT3) were measured in serum samples of the pregnant women and in cord serum samples by chemiluminescent immunometric assay. Neurological examinations were performed at ages 2 weeks and 18 months using the neurological optimality score (NOS), mental and motor development were assessed using the Bayley Scales of Infant Development (BSID) at ages 12 and 24 months. Multiple linear regression analysis was used to describe the association of PCDD/F and PCB in maternal blood or milk with the outcome measurements after adjustment for confounding. Blood levels (n=182) of WHO 2005 toxic equivalents (TEQ) (PCDD/F+PCB) were in the range of 3.8-58.4 pg/glipid base (median: 19.3 pg/glipid base). The corresponding data for human milk (n=149) were 2.6-52.4 pg/glipid base (median: 19.7 pg/glipid base). Multiple regression analysis showed no decrease of thyroid hormones related to WHO 2005 TEQ in blood and milk of mothers and their newborns. Furthermore, no associations between exposure and neurological and developmental measures were observed. This study supports the view that the current decreased exposure to PCDD/Fs and PCBs does not impair thyroid function of newborns and neurodevelopment of infants until the age of 24 months.
In 2007, we published a paper in the Journal of Exposure Science and Environmental Epidemiology describing PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB serum concentration data collected for the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Since publication of this paper, several of the 1998 World Health Organization Toxic Equivalency Factors (TEFs), which were used to calculate the summary statistics we presented, have been changed. In this addendum, we publish new reference statistics using the WHO(2006) TEFs in addition to assessing the effect of these new TEFs on total TEQ concentrations for the general US population. We also examined the effect of the limits of detection (LODs) on the calculated TEQ summary statistics for the top seven contributing congeners and completed a missing data analysis to determine whether our estimates were biased by excluding individuals without complete congener profiles. Similar to our previous results, 2, 3, 7, 8-TCDD; 1, 2, 3, 7, 8-PeCDD; 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 8-HxCDD; 2, 3, 4, 7, 8-PeCDF; and PCB 126 contributed the most to total TEQ. However, both PCB 156 and 157 were no longer significant contributors, instead being displaced by 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 8-HxCDF, and PCB 169. In general, the decrease in TEFs for the mono-ortho-substituted PCBs decreased their contribution to total TEQ appreciably, causing TEQ(17-9) to approximately equal TEQ(17-3). The effect of LODs for five of the top seven contributing congeners was negligible; however, the LODs for 2, 3, 7, 8-TCDD and 1, 2, 3, 7, 8-PeCDD were noticeably higher and may impact TEQ estimates primarily for individuals aged 20-29 years. Results from the missing data analysis provide compelling evidence that the summary statistics we reported previously, as well as those described here, were not greatly influenced due to censoring data.
We examined the serum lipid adjusted levels of 2,3,7,8-substituted chlorinated dioxins and furans, and four coplanar PCBs for 98 workers. We found workers who worked only in the trichlorophenol units had mean lipid adjusted 2,3,7,8-TCDD levels of 36.8 ppt significantly higher (p<0.05) than 6.0 ppt in the reference group. Workers who worked only in the pentachlorophenol units had mean lipid adjusted levels for 123478-HxCDD of 14.8 ppt, 123678-HxCDD of 156.4 ppt,123789-HxCDD of 23.7 ppt, 1234678-HpCDD of 234.6 ppt, and OCDD of 2,778.2 ppt significantly higher (p<0.05) than the reference group levels for the same congeners of 7.5, 71.8, 8.0, 67.5, and 483.2 ppt, respectively. While we did find 12378-PeCDD levels higher than the reference group in trichlorophenol and pentachlorophenol workers, the differences are small, and could be attributed to normal variation. All furan levels among the trichlorophenol or pentachlorophenol only workers were not significantly different than the reference group. Workers with both trichlorophenol and pentachlorophenol exposures had mean dioxin levels consistent with complex chlorophenol exposures. Tradesmen who worked throughout the plant had congener profiles consistent with both trichlorophenol and pentachlorophenol exposures. PCB 169, 23478-PeCDF, 123478-HxCDF, and 123678-HxCDF levels were also significantly greater (p<0.05) in these tradesmen than in the reference group. We found distinct patterns of dioxin congeners many years after exposure among workers with different chlorophenol exposures. We were effectively able to distinguish past trichlorophenol exposures from pentachlorophenol exposures based on differing serum dioxin profiles among workers.
BACKGROUND: Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), dibenzofurans (PCDFs), and dibenzodioxins (PCDDs) may affect the female reproductive system in animals and humans. In 1978-1979, a mass poisoning occurred in central Taiwan due to PCB/PCDF-contaminated cooking oil; this incident was called Yucheng ("oil disease" in Chinese). OBJECTIVE: The purpose of our study was to determine whether PCB/PCDF exposure affected fertility in exposed women. METHODS: After the event, we followed the exposed individuals and a reference group who were sex-, age-, and community-matched. In 2003, we obtained fertility histories from Yucheng and reference women by telephone interview. We used Kaplan-Meier survival curves and multivariable Cox regression to compare time to pregnancy (TTP) between Yucheng and reference women, and we performed multiple logistic regression to determine whether PCB/PCDF exposure caused infertility. RESULTS: In total, 412 women responded, with a median TTP of 4 months in Yucheng women and 3 months in reference women (p = 0.019). After adjusting for confounders by Cox regression, we found a fecundability ratio of 0.90 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.80-1.00] for Yucheng women. Among the 408 women who had non-contraceptive sexual activity for > 12 months, 19.7% of Yucheng women and 9.7% of reference women did not become pregnant (i.e., they were infertile). After we adjusted for confounders by logistic regression, the infertility odds ratio was 2.34 (95% CI, 1.23-4.59) for Yucheng women compared with the reference group. CONCLUSIONS: We found prolonged TTP and reduced fertility among women previously exposed to PCBs/PCDFs. Because of the limited sample size and the relatively small decrease in the fertility rate, these effects require cautious interpretation and further investigation for confirmation. 
We measured the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), non-ortho polychlorinated biphenyls (non-ortho PCBs), and mono-ortho polychlorinated biphenyls (mono-ortho PCBs) in paired samples of blood and breast milk collected from 60 mothers in Sapporo City, Hokkaido Prefecture, Japan. The present study is one of the few studies in which PCDDs, PCDFs, and dioxin-like PCBs have been measured in blood and breast milk collected from 60 same mothers. Of these 60 mothers, 30 were primipara (mean: 30.1 years, median: 28.0 years) and 30 were multipara (mean: 32.2 years, median: 32.5 years). The arithmetic mean TEQ concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, non-ortho PCBs, and mono-ortho PCBs in blood and breast milk of the primiparous mothers were 9.0, 3.3, 5.7, and 0.4 pg TEQ g(-1) lipid, respectively, and 5.2, 2.2, 4.5, and 0.4 pg TEQ g(-1) lipid, respectively, with the total TEQ concentrations of these dioxin-like compounds being 9.3-42.9 (mean: 18.4, median: 17.3) and 7.0-41.1 (mean: 12.3, median: 11.4) pg TEQ g(-1) lipid, respectively. In the case of multiparous mothers, the arithmetic mean TEQ concentrations of these dioxin-like compounds in blood and breast milk were 7.1, 2.7, 5.3, and 0.4 pg TEQ g(-1) lipid, respectively, and 3.9, 1.7, 3.8, and 0.4 pg TEQ g(-1) lipid, respectively, with the total TEQ concentrations being 3.4-28.1 (mean: 15.5, median: 13.9) and 2.7-20.0 (mean: 9.8, median: 9.2)pg TEQ g(-1) lipid, respectively. The total TEQ concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, non-ortho PCBs, and mono-ortho PCBs in blood and breast milk of primiparous mothers in Sapporo City appeared to be generally lower than those recently surveyed throughout the greater area of Japan. Significant correlations were observed between age and the total TEQ concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, non-ortho PCBs, and mono-ortho PCBs in the blood of primiparae and multiparae, and significant correlations were also observed between age and the total TEQ concentrations of these dioxin-like compounds in the breast milk of primiparae and multiparae. The total TEQ concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, and dioxin-like PCBs in the blood of primiparous mothers showed a close correlation to those in their breast milk and also showed good correlations between the total TEQ concentrations of these dioxin-like compounds in the blood of multiparous mothers and those in their breast milk. The result of a comparison of the arithmetic mean concentrations of each congener of PCDDs, PCDFs, non-ortho PCBs, and mono-ortho PCBs in blood and breast milk indicated that the transfer of octachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (OCDD) from the blood to the breast milk was lower than those of other congeners. In contrast, among mono-ortho PCBs congeners, the arithmetic mean concentrations of 2,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl (PentaCB) (#118) and 2,3,3',4,4'-PentaCB (#105) in the breast milk were slightly higher than those in the blood, which suggested that breast-fed infants may be at higher risk from mono-ortho PCBs.
A chemical plant located in Brescia, an industrial city in North-Western Italy, produced polychlorobiphenyls (PCBs) during a 30-50 year period, causing widespread pollution of the surrounding agricultural area. This area contains several small farms, which principally produce veal meat for private consumption of the farmers' families. The pollution went undiscovered for many years, during which period contaminated food was regularly consumed. This paper reports the polychlorodibenzodioxin (PCDD), polychlorodibenzofuran (PCDF) and PCB levels of a serum sample pooled from the consumers of contaminated food, compared to six population groups of the city of Brescia. Four of these groups were selected in order to represent, respectively, the local general population and the residents of three zones of the polluted area, while the last two groups represented, respectively, the present and the former workers of the plant. One human milk sample from one of the consumers of contaminated food was also analyzed. Results show that the consumers of the contaminated food and the former workers of the plant display considerably higher levels than all other groups. The levels of general population and of all other groups were generally similar both to each other and to the range of literature values for unexposed populations. The respective contribution of PCDDs, PCDFs, mono-ortho and non-ortho PCBs (dioxin-like PCBs) to (Toxicity Equivalents) TEQ of the population groups of this study were also compared to literature data: the two groups with a high contamination level, together with the human milk sample, displayed a higher incidence of mono-ortho PCBs and a lower contribution of PCDD, possibly correlated with the source of contamination.
Blood samples from 226 pregnant women aged between 19 and 41 yr, living in an industrialized area of Germany (Duisburg birth cohort study), were collected between September 2000 and November 2002 and analyzed for their content of persistent organic pollutants (POPs). Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) were in the range of 4.34-97.3 pg WHO 1998 TEq/g(lipid base) (median: 25.96) or 3.77-63.56 pg WHO 2005 TEq/g(lipid base) (median: 19.38), respectively. Whole blood volume-based concentrations of organochlorine pesticides and their metabolites were 0.036-0.53 microg/L (median: 0.15) hexachlorobenzene (HCB), 4.5-1300 ng/L (median: 67) beta-hexachlorocyclohexane (HCH), 0.6-520 ng/L (median: 18) 4,4'-dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane (DDT), and 0.1-9.1 microg/L (median: 0.54) 4,4'-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethene (DDE). Parameters influencing the POP levels in human blood were examined using multiple regression models. Levels and the levels scatter widths of most PCDD/F and PCB congeners and HCB increased significantly with age. Within the multiple regression model a weak age dependence was also found for beta-HCH and DDT, whereas blood levels of alpha- and gamma- HCH and DDE were not age dependent. The total lactation period for earlier born children decreased most POP blood levels, except for alpha- and gamma-HCH. Over the study period of 27 mo only a low decreasing effect on human POP blood levels was observed. The body mass index had in general no or a low positive influence on contaminant levels. Because exposure to PCDD/F and PCB is higher in most industrialized countries in comparison to less industrialized ones, lower levels of these substances were detected in blood samples of women who had lived outside Western Europe for a longer period. In contrast, these women showed higher blood levels of organochlorine pesticides, indicating that these chemicals are still in use outside Western Europe.
To investigate the occupational exposure levels to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs), polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), indoor dust (n = 3) in workshops and hair samples from male workers (n = 64) were collected at two electrical and electronic equipmentwaste (E-waste) dismantling factories located in the LQ area in east China in July 11--13, 2006. Pre- and postworkshift urines (64 of each) were also collected from the workers to study oxidative damage to DNA using 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) as a biomarker. The concentrations of PCDD/Fs, PCDD/F-WHO-TEQs, PBDEs, PCBs and PCB-WHO-TEQs were (50.0 +/- 8.1) x 10(3), 724.1 +/- 249.6, (27.5 +/- 5.8) x 10(6), (1.6 +/- 0.4) x 10(9), (26.2 +/- 3.0) x 10(3) pg/g dry weight (dw) in dust, and (2.6 +/- 0.6) x 10(3),42.4 +/- 9.3, (870.8 +/- 205.4) x 10(3), (1.6 +/- 0.2) x 10(6), 41.5 +/- 5.5 pg/g dw in hair, respectively. The homologue and congener profiles in the samples demonstrated that high concentrations of PCDD/Fs, PBDEs, and PCBs were originated from open burning of E-waste. The 8-OHdG levels were detected at 6.40 +/- 1.64 micromol/mol creatinine in preworkshift urines. However, the levels significantly increased to 24.55 +/- 5.96 micromol/mol creatinine in postworkshift urines (p < 0.05). Then, it is concluded that there is a high cancer risk originated from oxidative stress indicated by the elevated 8-OHdG levels in the E-waste dismantling workers exposed to high concentrations of PCDD/Fs, PBDEs, and PCBs.
As part of a longitudinal cohort study, now in its second decade, we determined PCDDs/Fs dl-PCBs and PBDEs in serum of adolescents with known perinatal PCDD/F exposure. Of the original cohort, 33 adolescents aged 14-19 years, who had been studied previously during their neonatal (n=60), toddler and pre-pubertal period (n=41) agreed to participate in the current follow-up. PCDD/F-, dl-PCB- and PBDE congeners were measured using GC/MS. Current serum levels of PCDD/Fs determined in our cohort were relatively low (mean of 2.2 pg/g) compared to the perinatal exposure. No correlation between perinatal exposure and current serum PCDD/F was found. Planar PCB TEQ levels were 2.2 pg/g. Current summation operatorPBDE levels were 8.7 ng/g lipid. There was one outlier with a summation operatorPBDE of 74 ng/g lipid. The presence of this high value indicates that the exposure pathway is different from PCDD/F and PCB, most likely by dust and food contaminated with dust. Concluding we can say that current PCDD/F levels are quite low compared to the perinatal PCDD/F exposure of the cohort. PBDE levels however are relatively high compared to other European countries, more research on possible health effects of these levels, especially for subjects with outlier concentrations, should be performed.
Dioxin-like activity was measured in the serum of 1425 Flemish men and women via the CALUX assay. The adults, aged between 50 and 65 years, participated in a large biomonitoring program, executed by the Flemish Center of Expertise for Environment and Health between 2002 and 2006. Within the context of this biomonitoring program also dietary intake of dioxin-like contaminants was assessed through a food frequency questionnaire. The relation between the estimated dietary intake and the dioxin-like activity in serum was evaluated using multivariate analyses: a logistic model was performed on the total population, while a linear regression analysis was done on the subsample with quantifiable dioxin activity levels in serum. Region, gender, age, BMI, smoking status, as well as dietary habits were entered in the model, with dioxin level as an outcome estimate. Both the logistic and linear model confirmed the contribution of dietary intake to the dioxin activity measured in serum. Also BMI and region were found to be associated with dioxin activity levels.
Half-life estimates of three polychlorodibenzofurans (PCDFs) were calculated using serial blood samples collected over a 15 to 19-year period. Blood fat PCDFs were modeled in eight individuals who were exposed to contaminated rice oil in Japan (Yusho, n = 5) and in Taiwan (Yucheng, n = 3). The elimination kinetics of PCDFs were concentration-dependent, with faster rates observed at higher concentrations and the apparent transition to slower rates occurring at about 1-3 ppb. Average half-lives of 1.1, 2.3, and 1.5 years above the transition concentration and 7.2, 5.7, and 3.5 years below it were estimated for 2,3,4,7,8-pentaCDF, 1,2,3,4,7,8-hexaCDF, and 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-heptaCDF, respectively. A positive linear correlation of half-life with age was observed for the combined group, with a rate of increase of 0.19, 0.12, and 0.05-year half-life per year of increase in age for penta-, hexa-, and hepta-CDF, respectively. The distinctly younger Yucheng patients exhibited far lower variability in half-lives and age-related trends that were quite consistent with the corresponding data on 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) for younger persons exposed in the Seveso incident. These age- and concentration-dependent half-lives for PCDFs may have important risk assessment implications for estimating body burdens. The current study provides limited additional evidence that PCDFs, like TCDD, are more rapidly eliminated in younger individuals.
This study was intended to determine the background levels of PCDD/PCDFs and PCBs in the Taiwanese population and to investigate factors potentially related to PCDD/PCDF and PCB levels. The levels of seventeen PCDD/PCDFs in the 251 serum samples collected from the general population in Taiwan ranged from 4.92 to 26.7 pg WHO(1998)-TEQ/g lipid (median: 11.5) and those of the twelve dioxin-like PCBs ranged between 1.74 and 21.6 pg WHO(1998)-TEQ/g lipid (median: 6.14). Five factors, age, gender, region of residence, dietary status, and smoking status, showed statistically significant association with the TEQ level of PCDD/PCDFs. The TEQ level of PCBs was statistically associated with age only, but not with the other four factors. The trends observed between age and the levels of PCDD/PCDFs and PCBs were not parallel in young subjects (<30 years old) and old subjects (>30 years old). The levels of PCDD/PCDFs and PCBs increased by 0.16 and 0.03 WHO(1998)-TEQ/g lipid per year for subjects above the age of 30, but there was no evidence of any association between age and the levels for subjects below the age of 30 years. These factors should be considered when investigating relationships between background serum levels of persistent organic pollutants and parameters associated with exposure sources or health outcomes.
In 2007, the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/PCDFs) were determined in plasma of non-occupationally exposed subjects living near the only hazardous waste incinerator (HWI) in Spain (Constantí, Tarragona County, Catalonia). These data were compared with the levels found in two previous surveys performed in 1998 (baseline) and 2002. The current mean PCDD/PCDF concentration in plasma was 9.36pg I-TEQg(-1) of lipid (range: 1.76-23.44pg I-TEQg(-1) of lipid). It means a significant reduction of the mean PCDD/PCDFs levels in plasma in comparison to the concentrations found in 1998 and 2002 (27.01 and 15.70pg I-TEQg(-1) of lipid, respectively). This important decrease agrees well with the notable reduction in the dietary intake of PCDD/PCDFs recently noted for the population of the same area (210.1pg I-TEQd(-1), 63.8pgWHO-TEQd(-1), and 27.8pgWHO-TEQd(-1), in 1998, 2002 and 2007, respectively). The current data were also used to predict theoretical PCDD/PCDF concentrations in plasma by executing a single-compartment empirically-based pharmacokinetic model on the basis of the daily intake of these pollutants by the local population.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) are ubiquitous pollutants found in the environment and human tissues. A cohort in Taiwan has undergone follow-up for 24 years after exposure to high levels of PCBs and PCDFs. The incidence of chloracne, hyperkeratosis, and abnormal nail was increased among exposed people. We conducted a study to identify the genes whose expressions were affected by such exposure. A cDNA microarray system consisting of 908 genes was used for pooled serum samples from non-smoking men exposed to PCBs and PCDFs (n=15) and their matched referents (n=15) in triplicate. After adjusting for background and housekeeping genes, genes with different expressions between the exposure and reference groups were determined by both regression and cluster analysis, and further confirmed by real-time RT-PCR. The tumor suppressor gene von Hippel-Lindau (VHL) was found to be down-regulated in the microarray analysis. VHL gene expression levels were also found to be positively associated with age, shown by real-time RT-PCR. Upon age adjustment, VHL gene expression was reduced in Yucheng ("oil disease") subjects as compared to referents. Among Yucheng people, those with abnormal nails had lower VHL expressions than those without abnormal nails. These findings provide new insights into the potential role of VHL in health conditions associated with PCB and PCDF exposures.
Following the dioxin crisis of 1999, several studies were conducted to assess the impact of this crisis on the dioxin body burden in the Belgian population. The Scientific Institute of Public Health identified a population from whom plasma samples were available and from whom, during the follow up survey, plasma samples were obtained in 2000. In total, 496 samples were collected for GC-HRMS and CALUX analyses to verify statistical assessment conclusions. This study was seen as an opportunity to validate the CALUX bioassay for biological sample analysis and to compare toxic equivalency (TEQ) values obtained by the reference GC-HRMS technique and by the screening method. This article focuses on the validation results of the CALUX bioassay for the analyses of the dioxin fractions of blood plasma. The sample preparation is based on a liquid-liquid extraction, followed by an acid silica in series with an activated carbon clean-up. A good recovery (82%) and reproducibility (coefficient of variation less than 25%) were found for this method. Based on 341 plasma samples, a significant correlation was established between the bioassay and chemical method (R = 0.64). However, a proportional systematic error was observed when the results obtained with the CALUX bioassay were regressed with the results from the GC-HRMS analyses. The limit of quantification (LOQ) used to calculate TEQ values from the GC-HRMS determinations, the use of the relative potency values instead of the toxic equivalent factor and the potential of CALUX bioassay to measure all compounds with affinity for the AhR may partly explain this proportional systematic error. Nevertheless, the present results suggest that the CALUX bioassay could be a promising valid screening method for human blood plasma analyses.
A 40-year follow-up study was conducted to examine mortality among 1,664 patients in Japan suffering from "Yusho," a disease caused by ingestion of rice oil contaminated with polychlorinated biphenyls and polychlorinated dibenzofurans. To evaluate the effects of exposure on mortality, the authors calculated standardized mortality ratios. National mortality rates for major causes of death were used as reference points. A total of 1,596 Yusho patients (95.9%) were followed until death or the end of the study (December 31, 2007). The standardized mortality ratios for most major causes of death were not significantly elevated, with the exceptions of all types of cancer (standardized mortality ratio (SMR) = 1.37, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.11, 1.66), liver cancer (SMR = 1.82, 95% CI: 1.06, 2.91), and lung cancer (SMR = 1.75, 95% CI: 1.14, 2.57) in males. In addition, the standardized mortality ratios for all cancers, liver cancer, and lung cancer among males tended to decrease over time. Results from this study suggest that the carcinogenicity of polychlorinated biphenyls and polychlorinated dibenzofurans must be taken into account when evaluating mortality risk.
This study measured particle size distributions of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) in two workplace atmospheres of the sintering grate and rough roll shredder in a sintering plant, and to assess their workers' health-related exposures. We found that the PCDD/F concentration of the sintering grate (site A=14.47 pg m(-3)) was lower than that of the rough roll shredder (site B=17.20 pg m(-3)). Particle size distributions of PCDD/Fs were in the form of the unimodal with the mass median aerodynamic diameter (MMAD) of 4.74 microm and 5.23 microm, and geometric standard deviation (sigma(g)) of 3.15 and 2.15 for the site A and B, respectively. The above results suggest that the workplace of the site A had a less fraction of coarse particles than that of the site B. The estimated PCDD/F concentrations of the inhalable fraction (11.0 pg m(-3)) and thoracic fraction (8.89 pg m(-3)) of the site A were lower than those of the site B (12.4 and 9.39 pg m(-3), respectively). But to the contrary the estimated respirable fraction of the site A (5.05 pg m(-3)) was slightly higher than that of the site B (4.93 pg m(-3)). Our results clearly indicate the importance to conduct particle size segregating samplings for assessing human PCDD/F exposures.
The potential adverse effects on human health of hazardous waste incinerators (HWIs) are a subject of concern. The construction of the first and till now only HWI in Spain finished in 1999. In 2007, after approximately 9 years of regular operations in the facility, the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) were determined by HRGC/HRMS in samples of adipose tissue of 15 autopsied subjects living in the area under potential impact of the HWI (Constantí, Tarragona County, Catalonia). These data were compared with the levels found in two previous surveys performed in 1998 (baseline) and 2002. The current mean PCDD/F concentration in adipose tissue was 14.6 pg WHO-TEQ/g of fat (range: 3.3-55.4 pg WHO-TEQ/g of fat). It means significant changes (a reduction of 64% and an increase of 47%) in the mean PCDD/F levels in comparison to those found in 1998 and 2002: 40.1 and 9.9 pg WHO-TEQ/g of fat, respectively. Women showed higher levels of PCDD/F than men (23.8 vs 11.2 pg WHO-TEQ/g of fat). The increase in the last 5 years would not be directly attributable to exposure to PCDD/F emitted by the HWI, as other biological monitors such as human plasma and milk decreased during the same period.
In Brescia a PCB production plant polluted soil and forage of the surrounding fields and caused a significant contamination of meat and milk of the cattle fed with local forage. This in turn induced elevated blood levels of PCDDs, PCDFs and PCBs in the consumers. The contamination levels and profiles measured in the perirenal fat, in the liver and in the milk of the overall 28 contaminated bovines are reported. TEQ levels varied from 30 to 81 pg WHO(2005)-TEQ g(-1) (38-103 pg WHO(1997)-TEQ) for perirenal fat, from 107 to 138 pg WHO(2005)-TEQ g(-1) fat (128-168 pg WHO(1997)-TEQ) for liver and from 45 to 50 pg WHO(2005)-TEQg(-1) fat (56-65pg WHO(1997)-TEQ) for milk; all these values are roughly tenfold higher than the European limits. Non-ortho dioxin-like (dl)PCBs are by far the largest contributors to TEQ and PCDF contribution also largely prevail over PCDD's; both these features are also present in both the contaminated forages and in the serum of consumers of contaminated food. The indicator PCB levels are in the following ranges: 226-664 ng g(-1) for perirenal fat; 929-1822 ng g(-1) fat for liver; 183-477 ng g(-1) fat for milk; their level is about 100 times higher than the regional background. The liver samples displayed an overall TEQ several times higher than the perirenal fat from either the same animal or the same pool of animals; the increase in liver concentration was significantly higher for PCDD and PCDF congeners than for dlPCBs, and it was maximum for OCCD.
BACKGROUND, AIM, AND SCOPE: This study developed an integrated approach to identify pollutant sources of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) of workers based on their blood contents. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We first measured blood PCDD/F contents of sinter plant workers and residents living near the plant. By comparing those blood indicatory PCDD/Fs found for residents with those for sinter plant workers, exposure-related blood indicatory PCDD/Fs were identified for each selected worker. We then measured PCDD/F concentrations of four different sinter plant workplaces and three different ambient environments of the background. By comparing those airborne indicatory PCDD/Fs found for ambient environments with those for sinter plant workplaces, exposure-related airborne indicatory PCDD/Fs for each workplace were obtained. Finally, by matching exposure-related blood indicatory PCDD/Fs with exposure-related airborne indicatory PCDD/Fs, all suspected pollutant sources were identified for each selected worker. RESULTS: Poor Pearson correlations were found between workers' blood contents and their corresponding PCDD/F exposures. Significant differences were found in the top three blood indicatory PCDD/Fs among the selected workers. By matching exposure-related blood indicatory PCDD/Fs with exposure-related airborne indicatory PCDD/Fs, two to three suspected pollutant sources were identified for each selected worker. DISCUSSION: The poor Pearson correlation found between workers' airborne PCDD/Fs exposures and their blood contents was because workers' blood PCDD/Fs contents were contributed not only by workers' occupational exposures, but also by other exposure sources and exposure routes. The difference in blood indicatory PCDD/Fs among the selected workers were obviously due to the intrinsic differences in their time/activity patterns in the involved workplaces. While workers used a dust respirator to perform their jobs, gas phase exposure-related airborne indicatory PCDD/Fs played an important role on identifying suspected pollutant sources. But if a dust respirator was not used, the gas + particle phase exposure-related airborne indicatory PCDD/Fs would become the key factor for identifying suspected pollutant sources. CONCLUSIONS: The developed integrated approach could identify all suspected pollutant sources effectively for selected workers based on their blood contents. The identified pollutant sources were theoretically plausible since they could be verified by examining workers' time/activity patterns, their status in using dust respirators, and the concentrations of PCDD/Fs found in the selected workplace atmospheres. RECOMMENDATIONS AND PERSPECTIVES: The developed technique can be used to identify possible pollutant sources not only for workers but also for many other exposure groups associated with various emission sources and exposure routes in the future. 
Levels of PCDD/Fs and dioxin-like PCBs were measured in 16 pooled samples of serum from a total of 322 adults in the general population, to coincide with the start-up of a new municipal solid urban waste treatment plant in Biscay, Basque Country (Spain). Two hundred and eighty-three individual serum samples were also obtained, in which the most common PCBs (28, 52, 101, 118, 138, 153 and 180) were quantified. The samples were taken from four geographical zones: two from the metropolitan area of Bilbao, located less than 2 km from the plant and with high traffic density (Zones E1 and E2), a third located 5 km from the plant in an urban area of Bilbao, also with high traffic density (Zone C1) and the fourth located 20 km from the plant, in a municipality with minimal industrial activity and low traffic density (Zone C2), the latter two being out of the path of the prevailing winds. The median levels of dioxins+furans were similar by zone: E1=24.3, E2=27.3, C1=21.3, C2=18.8 pg g(-1) lipid (p=0.362); by sex: 20.2 vs. 22.6 pg g(-1) lipid in men and women (p=0.328); and by age: 20.8 vs. 21.3 pg g(-1) lipid in subjects aged 20-44 and 45-69 (p=0.505). No detectable levels of PCBs 52 and 101 were found. Significant differences by zone were found only for PCB 180 (p=0.041), with higher values in Zone C2, the zone with the lowest presumed contamination levels. Dioxin-like PCBs (p<0.001) and the most common PCBs (138, 153, 180) (p<0.001) were both statistically associated with age, higher values being found in the 45-69 age group.
Nine groups of food items (freshwater fish, marine fish, pork, chicken, chicken eggs, leafy, non-leafy vegetables, rice and flour) and three types of human samples (human milk, maternal serum and cord serum) were collected for the analysis of PCDD/Fs. Results of chemical analysis revealed PCDD/Fs concentrations (pg g(-1) fat) in the following ascending order: pork (0.289 pg g(-1) fat), grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idellus) (freshwater fish) (0.407), golden thread (Nemipterus virgatus) (marine fish) (0.511), chicken (0.529), mandarin fish (Siniperca kneri) (marine fish) (0.535), chicken egg (0.552), and snubnose pompano (Trachinotus blochii) (marine fish) (1.219). The results of micro-EROD assay showed relatively higher PCDD/Fs levels in fish (2.65 pg g(-1) fat) when compared with pork (0.47), eggs (0.33), chicken (0.13), flour (0.07), vegetables (0.05 pg g(-1) wet wt) and rice (0.05). The estimated average daily intake of PCDD/Fs of 3.51 pg EROD-TEQ/kg bw/day was within the range of WHO Tolerable Daily Intake (1-4 pg WHO-TEQ/kg bw/day) and was higher than the Provisional Tolerable Daily Intake (PMTL) (70 pg for dioxins and dioxin-like PCBs) recommended by the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives (JECFA) [Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives (JECFA), Summary and conclusions of the fifty-seventh meeting, JECFA, 2001.]. Nevertheless, the current findings were significantly lower than the TDI (14 pg WHO-TEQ/kg/bw/day) recommended by the Scientific Committee on Food of the Europe Commission [European Scientific Committee on Food (EU SCF), Opinions on the SCF on the risk assessment of dioxins and dioxin-like PCBs in food, 2000.]. However, it should be noted that micro-EROD assay overestimates the PCDD/Fs levels by 2 to 7 folds which may also amplify the PCDD/Fs levels accordingly. Although the levels of PCDD/Fs obtained from micro-EROD assay were much higher than those obtained by chemical analysis by 2 to 7 folds, it provides a cost-effective and rapid screening of dioxin levels in food and human samples.
This study examined serum levels of 2,3,7,8-substituted chlorinated dioxins and furans, and 15 PCBs for 346 New Zealand employees who worked at a site that manufactured 2,4,5-trichlorophenol (TCP) and 2,4,5-trichlorophenoxy acetic acid (2,4,5-T). Participants with potential TCP or 2,4,5-T exposures had mean lipid-adjusted 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (2,3,7,8-TCDD) levels of 9.9 ng kg(-1) lipid compared to 4.9 ng kg(-1) for workers with no exposure at the site. Among exposed workers, we found evidence of differences in 2,3,7,8-TCDD levels by department and duties. Workers involved in an accidental release had the highest mean 2,3,7,8-TCDD levels, 37.9 ng kg(-1), followed by workers in the trichlorophenol plant, 23.4 ng kg(-1). Workers with potential intermittent exposures to 2,3,7,8-TCDD in construction, maintenance, mechanics, and transport had 2,3,7,8-TCDD levels above New Zealand background levels of 3.9 ng kg(-1), indicating workplace exposures. Among participants with work history indicating no 2,3,7,8-TCDD exposures, we observed some individuals with 2,3,7,8-TCDD levels above background levels. However, in most cases, these workers reported workplace exposures not recorded on their work histories or held other jobs with the potential for 2,3,7,8-TCDD exposures outside the plant. All other dioxin, furan, and PCB levels were similar among the exposed and unexposed workers.
BACKGROUND, AIM, AND SCOPE: The main pathway for human exposure to the highly toxic polychlorinated-p-dioxins and polychlorinated furans [polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs)] is via dietary intake. Other exposure pathways may, however, be important in close proximity to point sources, such as wood preservation sites, where PCDD/F contaminated chlorophenols (CP) were previously used. In this study, a heavily PCDD/F contaminated CP saw mill site in Sweden was investigated. Human exposure through a broad spectrum of exposure pathways was assessed. Such studies are in demand since the question whether contaminated sites represent a current or future risk can only be answered by detailed site-specific risk assessments. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Sampling of exposure media (soil, air, groundwater, raspberries, carrots, potatoes, grass, milk, eggs, and chicken fodder) was made. Exposure media concentrations and congener distribution patterns were used to investigate the mobilization of PCDD/Fs from soil to the environment and to calculate exposure levels for adults. Blood serum levels from site-exposed and control individuals were also analyzed. RESULTS: Congener distribution patterns at the site were generally dominated by a specific marker congener (1234678-HpCDF), which is highly abundant in the polluted soil. The dioxin toxic equivalents (TEQ) concentrations were notably elevated as compared to national reference samples for most exposure media, and the marker congener was a major contributor to increased TEQ levels. There were also indications of soil-to-air volatilization of tetra- and penta-CDD/Fs. People who participated in the restoration of a contaminated building showed higher levels of 1234678-HpCDF compared to controls, and calculated exposure levels suggest that several site-specific exposure routes may be of importance for the daily intake of PCDD/F. CONCLUSIONS, RECOMMENDATIONS, AND PERSPECTIVES: Despite low mobility of higher chlorinated PCDD/Fs, these contaminants were transferred from the polluted soil to the surroundings and into human tissue. The extent of increased exposure from contaminated sites depends on the PCDD/F source strength of the soil, composition of the pollution, human activities, and dietary patterns of the residents. Impact from the contaminated soil on other exposure media was seen also for areas with low to moderate soil contamination. In the future, not only the levels of PCDD/F soil pollution but also the composition must be considered in risk assessments of contaminated sites. 
Metallurgical processes, such as smelting, can generate organic impurities such as organic chloride chemicals, polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs). The objective of this study was to elucidate the serum PCDD/F levels of 134 workers and ambient air levels around electric arc furnaces (EAF), secondary copper smelters and secondary aluminum smelters (ALSs) in Taiwan. The highest serum PCDD/F levels were found in the ALSs workers (21.9 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid), with lower levels in copper smelter workers (21.5 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid), and the lowest in the EAF plant workers (18.8 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid). This was still higher than the levels for residents living within 5 km of municipal waste incinerators (14.0 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid). For ambient samples, the highest ambient air PCDD/F level was in the copper smelters (12.4 pg WHO-TEQ/Nm(3)), with lower levels in ALSs (7.2 pg WHO-TEQ/Nm(3)), and the lowest in the EAF industry (1.8 pg WHO-TEQ/Nm(3)). The congener profiles were consistent in serum and in air samples collected in the copper smelters, but not for ALSs and EAF. In secondary copper smelters, the air PCDD/Fs levels might be directly linked to the PCDD/Fs accumulated in the workers due to the exceedingly stable congener pattern of the PCDD/F emission.
We measured the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and non-dioxin-like PCBs in paired samples of blood and breast milk collected from 89 primiparous mothers in Sapporo City, Japan, and studied the relationships of these compounds between blood and breast milk for these women plus 30 primiparous mothers in whom these data had been previously reported. The present study is one of the few studies in which the concentration distributions of PCDDs, PCDFs, dioxin-like PCBs, and non-dioxin-like PCBs have been investigated in blood and breast milk collected from the same mothers. The arithmetic mean TEQ concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, non-ortho PCBs, and mono-ortho PCBs in blood and breast milk of these 119 subjects were 8.2, 2.9, 5.1, and 0.4 pg TEQ g(-1)lipid, respectively, and 4.8, 2.0, 4.0, and 0.4 pg TEQ g(-1)lipid, respectively, with the total TEQ concentrations of these dioxin-like compounds being 7.0-36 (mean: 17, median: 14) and 5.7-41 (mean: 11, median: 10) pg TEQ g(-1)lipid, respectively. The sums of the concentrations of 56 non-dioxin-like PCB congeners that were measured in the subjects' blood and breast milk were 43-445 (mean: 120, median: 106) and 34-366 (mean: 90, median: 81) ng g(-1)lipid, respectively, indicating that the total TEQ concentration and the total concentration of 56 non-dioxin-like PCB congeners in the maternal blood were notably higher than those in the breast milk. Statistically significant correlations were observed between maternal age and the total TEQ concentration of PCDDs, PCDFs, and dioxin-like PCBs or the total concentration of 56 non-dioxin-like PCB congeners in maternal blood, and significant correlations were also observed between maternal age and the total TEQ concentration of these dioxin-like compounds or the total concentration of 56 PCB congeners in breast milk. The total TEQ concentration of PCDDs, PCDFs, and dioxin-like PCBs in maternal blood showed a close correlation to that in subjects' breast milk, and there was also good correlation between the total concentration of 56 non-dioxin-like PCB congeners in maternal blood and that in subjects' breast milk. Pearson and Spearman correlation analyses showed a relationship between the total TEQ concentration of PCDDs, PCDFs, and dioxin-like PCBs and the total concentration of 56 non-dioxin-like PCB congeners in maternal blood, and also showed an association between the total TEQ concentration of these dioxin-like compounds and the total concentration of 56 PCB congeners in breast milk. The concentration of hexaCB-153 in maternal blood showed significant correlations to the total TEQ concentration of PCDDs, PCDFs, and dioxin-like PCBs or the total concentration of 56 non-dioxin-like PCBs in that sample. Moreover, the concentration of hexaCB-153 in breast milk also showed significant correlations to the total TEQ concentration of these dioxin-like compounds or the total concentration of 56 PCB congeners in that sample. These findings suggested that hexaCB-153 may be an indicator of total TEQ concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, and dioxin-like PCBs and total concentrations of 56 non-dioxin-like PCB congeners in blood and breast milk of primiparous mothers.
Schistosomiasis has prevailed in some areas of China for a long time. Chinese technical sodium pentachlorophenate (Na-PCP) has been used to control the spread of snail-borne schistosomiasis since the 1960s. Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs), impurities contained in the Na-PCP, enter the soil and may accumulate in the food chain. In order to evaluate their potentially harmful effects on local residents, 50 breast milk samples and 20 blood samples were collected in 2004 from residents in the Dongting Lake area, one of China's known schistosomiasis areas. Levels of 17 PCDD/F congeners were measured in all samples, and DNA damage was simultaneously assessed in blood samples. The PCDD/F congener distribution patterns in human tissue samples from the Dongting Lake area were similar to those in Na-PCP, and the octachlorodibenzodioxin (OCDD) congener was predominant in all samples. We also had a primary investigation that the breast milk WHO-TEQ associated with some factors such as: age, dietary habit, body mass index (BMI) and the total menses times. In blood samples, the samples with higher OCDD level had higher DDS (DNA damage score) values than those samples with low OCDD level, which indicated that the higher DNA damage value in general population might be caused directly or indirectly by PCDD/Fs. The results also indicated that the WHO-TEQ values in blood were associated with age (r=0.6, p=0.007).
Concentrations and congener specific profiles of PCDD/Fs, PCBs, PBDEs and organochlorine residues were measured in 22 pooled blood samples representing 66 children from both polluted areas (E-waste recycling region) and case control areas in Zhejiang province, China. To our knowledge, this is the first report on these pollutants in the blood of Chinese children. The mean concentrations of [summation operator]PCDD/Fs, [summation operator]PCBs, [summation operator]PBDEs, HCB and pp'-DDE in pooled blood samples from polluted areas (Luqiao) were 206+/-157 pg g(-1) lipid, 40.6+/-7.01 ng g(-1) lipid, 32.1+/-17.5 ng g(-1) lipid, 14.6+/-20.1 ng g(-1) lipid and 108+/-21.8 ng g(-1) lipid, respectively. WHO-TEQ-2005 for PCBs and PCDD/Fs were 11.9+/-4.62 pg g(-1) lipid and 10.3+/-6.39 pg g(-1) lipid, respectively. The results showed that PCBs, PBDEs and organochlorine residues in the E-waste recycling area were significantly (P<0.001) higher than the case control areas. High levels of PCDD/Fs were detected in the case control area (Longyou), where Na-PCP had been widely sprayed to prevent snailborne schistosomiasis. The contamination levels and profiles were compared with those documented in previous publications.
Blood plasma samples (n = 43) collected retrospectively from New York State employees and National Guard personnel who had been assigned to work in the vicinity of the World Trade Center (WTC) during the week after the collapse of the buildings were analyzed for polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and polychlorinated naphthalenes (PCNs). On the basis of algorithms developed to rank individual exposures to dust and debris and to smoke, we categorized the samples as: more smoke exposure (MSE), more dust exposure (MDE), less smoke exposure (LSE), and less dust exposure (LDE). Mean concentrations of PCDDs were 1070, 223, 3690, and 732 pg/g lipid wt, and mean concentrations of PCDFs were 910, 1520, 230, and 117 pg/g lipid wt, for the MSE, MDE, LSE, and LDE groups, respectively. The concentrations of PCDFs were higher in the two "more exposure" groups than in the two "less exposure" groups. Calculated TEQ concentrations of coplanar PCBs and PCDD/Fs in plasma samples were, on average, 1.12 and 41.2 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid wt, respectively. TEQ concentrations of PCDFs were higher than those of PCDDs in both "more exposure" groups but lower than those of PCDDs in "less exposure" groups. This result is suggestive of exposure of the WTC responders to PCDFs after the WTC collapse. PCDFs contributed the majority of TEQs and are therefore the critical dioxin-like compounds in MSE/MDE groups, whereas PCDDs are the critical compounds in the LSE/LDE groups.
European Union regulation has defined maximum levels for polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) in food from animal origin. In case of particular event where livestock is potentially exposed to a specific source of contamination, the possibility of accurate estimation of the PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB levels in edible tissues of the animals from in vivo and weakly invasive biological matrices (fast animal recovery, no major side effects) may be of clear valuable interest. This study investigated the correlations between contamination levels determined in subcutaneous adipose tissue and blood samples obtained from living animals and those measured after slaughtering in muscle and liver. The obtained results demonstrated very good correlations between these in vivo and ex vivo samples in terms of PCDD/F and PCB contamination levels. Finally, it seems to be demonstrated that a weakly invasive biopsy of subcutaneous adipose tissue performed on living animal (potentially completed by a blood sample) can be used in order to predict contamination levels in muscle and liver destined to human consumption.
This study examines levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), and trace metals in the blood of the nonoccupationally exposed residents living in the vicinity of municipal solid waste incinerators (MSWIs) and electric arc furnaces (EAFs). The analysis found that older females had higher concentrations of PCDD/Fs and older males had higher body mass index (BMI) values and higher concentrations of PCDD/Fs. Moreover, sex appeared to affect the levels of PCDD/Fs because, overall, females showed higher levels of PCDD/Fs. The results of a principal component analysis indicated that the characteristics of the blood were more similar to the characteristics of the stack flux gas in MSWIs than those in EAFs. When sex, age, and BMI values were taken into consideration, none of the factors appeared to significantly affect PCDD/F and trace metal blood levels. However, when participants were divided into eight categories and analyzed, it was found that sex was the most important factor affecting levels of trace metals in blood and that males had higher concentrations of Pb, Al, Cd, and Cu.
Metabolic syndrome (MetS) consists of a constellation of metabolic abnormalities that confer increased risk of cardiovascular disease. There is a positive correlation between exposure to persistent organic pollutants and MetS. We examine the association between PCDD/Fs and MetS components in 1490 non-diabetic persons living near a highly dioxin-contaminated area. We used factor analysis, with a set of core variables considered central features of MetS and PCDD/Fs, to group similar risk factors. Serum PCDD/Fs were positively and significantly correlated with the number of MetS components. Four risk factors-lipidemia, blood pressure, body size, and glycemia-accounted for 72.6% of the variance in the 10 core factors, and PCDD/Fs were linked to MetS through shared correlations with high blood pressure. After adjusting for confounding factors, we found that diastolic blood pressure (β=0.018; p=0.006), glucose (β=0.013; p=0.046), and waist circumference (β=0.721; p=0.042) significantly increased with increasing serum PCDD/F levels. We found significant trends for associations between metabolic syndrome and serum low-chlorinated PCDD/Fs. The highest quintiles of 2,3,4,7,8-PeCDF, 1,2,3,6,7,8-HxCDF and 2,3,7,8-TCDD had the top three adjusted ORs (95% CI) of 3.5 (1.9-6.3), 2.9 (1.7-4.9) and 2.8 (1.6-4.9), respectively. We also found a slight monotonic relationship between serum PCDD/Fs and the prevalence of MetS, especially when the serum dioxin level was higher than 25.4pg WHO(98)-TEQ(DF)g(-1) lipid (the fourth Quintile). We hypothesize that high-dose exposure to PCDD/Fs is a blood pressure-related factor that raises MetS risk.
Soils and sediments downstream of Midland, Michigan, USA have elevated polychlorinated dibenzofuran (PCDF) and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin (PCDD) concentrations. To determine if the PCDD/DF concentrations have the potential to adversely affect terrestrial avian predators, a site-specific, multiple lines of evidence risk assessment was conducted for the great horned owl (Bubo virginianus; GHO). As long-lived resident top predators, the GHO has the potential to be exposed to relatively great concentrations of bioaccumulative compounds such as PCDD/DF. From 2005 to 2008, concentrations of PCDD/DF were measured in blood plasma of adult and nestling GHOs and addled eggs. Indicators of the condition of the population, including abundance and reproductive success, were collected along 115 km of river corridor. Fifty-five active 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (2,3,7,8-TCDD) equivalents (TEQ(WHO-Avian)) nests were monitored in 21 breeding territories from 2005 to 2008. The geometric mean concentration in blood plasma of GHOs was greater in the study area (SA) than in the reference area (RA) for both adults (RA: 3.1; SA: 9.4 ng TEQ(WHO-Avian)/kg) and nestlings (RA: 0.82 ng TEQ(WHO-Avian)/kg, SA: 2.1 ng TEQ(WHO-Avian)/kg) GHOs, but less than concentrations expected to cause adverse effects based on laboratory studies. Concentrations of TEQ(WHO-Avian) in addled GHO eggs were also greater in the SA than the RA (50 and 7.3 ng/kg, wet weight, respectively), but were less than concentrations expected to cause adverse effects. The GHO population condition and productivity were both greater in the study area than in the reference area and were similar to other GHO populations. This result suggests the GHO population in the Tittabawassee River floodplain is consistent with what would be expected for this area.
Concentrations of dioxin-like compounds, primarily polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), in soils and sediments of the Tittabawassee River (TR) and associated floodplains downstream of Midland, Michigan, USA, were greater than upstream sites and prompted a site-specific risk assessment of great blue herons (GBH). Tissue exposure of PCDF and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) was assessed in multiple GBH tissue types, including blood plasma of adults and eggs, as well as blood plasma, adipose, liver, and muscle of nestlings. Adult GBH exposure was associated with foraging area and age class, with concentrations of PCDD/DF being greater in blood plasma of adult GBH foraging in the TR compared with those foraging in upstream reference areas and in older birds as compared with their younger cohorts. Concentrations of PCDD/DFs and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in eggs and nestling tissues of GBH collected from rookeries within the TR floodplain were generally similar among rookeries. Mean concentrations of PCDD/DFs in eggs of GBH ranged from 45 to 67 ng/kg, wet weight for the rookeries studied, with a maximum concentration of 210 ng/kg, wet weight observed. Adipose consistently had the greatest concentration of PCDD/DFs of all tissues collected from nestlings of GBH, ranging from 98 to 430 ng/kg, wet weight. Potential for adverse population-level effects from site-specific contaminant exposures were evaluated by comparison with selected toxicity reference values (TRVs). Minimal risk of adverse population-level effects were predicted when exposures measured in tissues of GBH collected from rookeries within the TR were compared with appropriate TRVs. This prediction is consistent with site-specific measures of population condition, which included clutch size and number of nestlings per successful nest.
The 2004 food market-basket survey in Taiwan found high levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) in duck eggs. A subsequent survey in Chang-Hua County, central Taiwan, found nine duck farms for egg production and duck eggs that were highly contaminated by PCDD/Fs in the secondary sampling and analysis during the years 2004 to 2005. Duck-egg farmers eat duck eggs rather than chicken eggs, and the aim of the current study was to evaluate how eating contaminated duck eggs affected serum PCDD/F accumulation and PCDD/F profiles in family members of duck-egg farmers. Forty-two family members of duck-egg farmers and 88 residents living nearby (control group) were recruited. Serum PCDD/F levels were significantly higher in duck-egg farmers than in the control group (28.1 vs 18.6 pg World Health Organization toxic equivalency [TEQ]/g lipid, WHO-TEQ). Significant differences in PCDD/F levels were found for most congeners, especially for 2,3,4,7,8-penta-chlorinated dibenzofurans. Elevated serum PCDD/F levels were positively associated with an increase in monthly duck-egg consumption after adjustments for fish consumption. The current result contradicted results of our previous study, which showed a positive association between fish intake and serum PCDD/F levels. The matter of cultivation in the contaminant area in Chang-Hua County should be considered more seriously.
BACKGROUND: Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), dibenzofurans (PCDFs), and dibenzo-dioxins (PCDDs) may affect the female reproductive system in humans. A mass poisoning occurred in Taiwan due to PCBs/PCDFs-contaminated cooking oil, and was called the Yucheng (oil-disease in Chinese). We aimed to determine whether Yucheng women were affected in their menstruation. METHODS: After the event, we followed the exposed individuals and an age-matched neighborhood reference group. Menstrual cycle characteristics and age at menarche were obtained by a telephone interview. We used multiple linear and logistic regression to examine the association between PCBs/PCDFs and menstrual cycle characteristics, after adjusting for confounding factors. RESULTS: Totally 445 women responded satisfactorily and were included in the analyses of menstrual characteristics. Menstrual cycle irregularity and dysmenorrheal did not differ between Yucheng and referents. Yucheng women's menstrual cycles were 0.5 (95% CI: 0.0-0.5; p=0.03) days shorter than those of the referents. The Yucheng women with skin lesions caused by PCBs/PCDFs were more prominently affected, with the cycles 1.2 days shorter than the referents. Yucheng women exposed to PCBs/PCDFs at the premenacheal period had reduced cycle length (-0.7 day, 95% CI: -1.4 to 0.0; p=0.04) and longer days of menstrual flow (0.5 day, 95% CI: 0.0-1.0; p=0.04). Among those women who were exposed at an age of 5-9 years, menarche started slightly earlier with borderline significance. CONCLUSIONS: Shorter menstrual cycle length and a longer duration of bleeding in each cycle were found among women previously exposed to PCBs/PCDFs. These effects were more obviously observed among those exposed at premenarcheal ages. 
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) are unintentional byproducts of combustion and industrial processes. Firefighters face the risk of occupational exposure to PCDD/Fs. Congener-specific analyses of 17 PCDD/Fs were performed on 20 serum samples collected from firefighters and fire scene investigators, and four soot samples that had deposited on the surfaces of the fire helmets and were collected after the firefighters had fought fires. The PCDD/F concentrations on the helmets that were contaminated by being worn at the fire scenes were 63-285 times higher than those on a clean helmet. The median serum PCDD/F concentration of the 16 firefighters (12 pg WHO(2005)-TEQ g(-1)lipid) was not different from those of the males from the general Taiwanese population (9.4 pg WHO(2005)-TEQ g(-1) lipid). However, the median PCDD/F level in the four fire scene investigators (15 pg WHO(2005)-TEQ g(-1) lipid) was higher than those in the male from the general Taiwanese population (Mann-Whitney U test, p<0.01). Furthermore, the serum samples from the firefighters and fire scene investigators, and the soot samples from the fire scenes presented similarly distinctive PCDD/F profiles that had elevated proportions for 10 PCDF congeners. Limited data indicated that the fire scene investigators were occupationally exposed to PCDD/Fs at the fire scenes. We suggested that the firefighters were not occupationally exposed to PCDD/Fs at the fire scenes due to appropriate protection. However, the fire scene investigators may have had more occupational exposure to PCDD/Fs due to poor protection, and further research must be performed to confirm this.
There is a dearth of information on the temporal changes in polychlorinated dibenzodioxin/furans (PCDD/Fs) and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (dl-PCBs) contamination, in both environmental and biological specimens, in China. We compared the concentrations of PCDD/Fs and dl-PCBs in human milk collected in Shijiazhuang, Hebei Province, in northern China in 2002 (n=30) and 2007 (n=20). The level of PCDD/Fs and dl-PCBs showed an increasing trend. The mean concentrations of PCDD/Fs plus dl-PCBs were 4.47 TEQ pg g(-1) fat and 6.24 TEQ pg g(-1) fat in human milk from Shijiazhuang in 2002 and in 2007, respectively. Based on statistical analysis of questionnaire data collected by in-person interviews with mothers, we found positive correlations between consumption of sea fish and PCDFs. The PCDDs, PCDFs, PCDD/Fs, and PCDD/Fs plus dl-PCBs levels in individuals consuming greater amounts of sea fish were higher than those consuming less sea fish, both with and without adjustments for potential confounding factors. Among 17 congeners of PCDD/Fs, the 2,3,7,8-TCDF, 1,2,3,7,8-PeCDF, 2,3,4,7,8-PeCDF, 1,2,3,4,7,8-HxCDF, 1,2,3,6,7,8-HxCDF, and 2,3,4,6,7,8-HxCDF congener concentrations in 2007 increased 134%, 55%, 53%, 57%, 65% and 130% when compared to 2002 levels, respectively. The 2007 dl-PCB congener levels were greater than those of the 2002 samples, with the exception of PCB81 and PCB77. Specifically, PCB105, PCB114, PCB118, PCB123 and PCB156 had increased greater than twofold from 2002 to 2007. Continuous surveillance of PCDD/F and dl-PCB levels in human milk is needed to accurately evaluate both environmental contamination and the human health risk to neonates in China.
Since the CALUX (Chemically Activated LUciferase gene eXpression) bioassay is a fast and inexpensive tool for the throughput analysis of dioxin-like compounds in a large number of samples and requires only small sample volumes, the use of this technique in human biomonitoring programs provides a good alternative to GC-HRMS. In this study, a method for the separate analysis of PCDD/Fs and dioxin-like PCBs (dl-PCBs) in human serum with the new sensitive H1L7.5c1 mouse hepatoma cell line was optimized. Sample dilution factors of 5 and 2.4 were selected for routine analysis of respectively the PCDD/Fs and dl-PCBs. The validation studies showed that repeatability and within-lab reproducibility for the quality control (QC) standard were within the in-house criteria. A long-term within-lab reproducibility of 25% for the PCDD/F fraction and 41% for the dl-PCB fraction for the analysis of pooled serum samples, expressed as pg BEQ/g fat, was determined. CALUX recoveries of the spiked procedural blanks were within the acceptable in-house limits of 80-120% for both fractions and the LOQ was 30.3 pg BEQ/g fat for the PCDD/Fs and 14.5 pg BEQ/g fat for the dl-PCBs. The GC-HRMS recovery of a C13-spiked pooled serum sample was between 60 and 90% for all PCDD/F congeners and between 67 and 82% for the non-ortho PCBs. An adequate separation between both fractions was found. The CALUX/GC-HRMS ratio for a pooled serum sample was respectively 2.0 and 1.4 for the PCDD/Fs and the dl-PCBs, indicating the presence of additional AhR active compounds. As expected, a correlation was found between human serum samples analyzed with both the new H1L7.5c1 cell line and the more established H1L6.1c3 cell line. The geometric mean CALUX-BEQ values, reported for the adolescents of the second Flemish Environment and Health Study (FLEHS II) recruited in 2009-2010, were 108 (95% CI: 101-114) pg CALUX-BEQ/g fat for the PCDD/Fs and 32.1 (30.1-34.2) pg CALUX-BEQ/g fat for the dioxin-like PCBs.
The current study examines whether the occupation of firefighting contributes to exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). We compared serum dioxin concentrations and congener profiles of current firefighters (n=13) with those of men who have ceased employment as firefighters (n=17) and with men employed in occupations other than firefighter (n=10). We found that compared to former or non-firefighters, current firefighters have higher levels of dioxins primarily due to the contribution of PCBs and to a lesser extent PCDFs. PCDFs were significantly higher in former firefighters compared to non-firefighters (p<0.05). Comparisons with studies performed by other investigators suggest that local environmental conditions contribute to some of the elevation of PCBs. The congeners 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-heptachlorodibenzodioxin and PCB-114 were significantly higher in current firefighters when compared to former or non-firefighters. Moreover, levels of these congeners were inversely correlated with years since employed as firefighter (Spearman r=-0.610, p=0.009 and Spearman r=-0.53, p=0.03, respectively). The classes of dioxins show an overall decline with years since employed as firefighters, this decline is most evident with PCDDs (Spearman r=-0.46, p=0.06). Together, the combination of evidence supports firefighting as a source of exposure to dioxins.
We measured the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and non-dioxin-like PCBs in paired samples of blood and breast milk collected from 67 secundiparas in Sapporo City, Japan, and combined this data with those of the 30 secundiparas previously measured. The arithmetic mean total toxic equivalents (TEQ-WHO) concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, non-ortho PCBs, and mono-ortho PCBs in blood and breast milk of the 97 secundiparous subjects were 3.0-23 (mean: 13, median: 14) and 2.7-20 (mean: 8.6, median: 8.5) pg TEQ g(-1) lipid, respectively. The sums of the concentrations of 56 non-dioxin-like PCB congeners that were measured in the subjects' blood and breast milk were 16-326 (mean: 107, median: 100) and 12-252 (mean: 73, median: 67) ng g(-1) lipid, respectively. The partitioning ratios of individual congeners of PCDDs, PCDFs, dioxin-like PCBs, and non-dioxin-like PCBs from blood to breast milk in secundiparas were almost the same as those of primiparas that have been recently reported, suggesting that the partitioning ratios of these compounds from maternal blood to breast milk in women is little affected by delivery. Furthermore, the partition of PCB congeners with chlorine at the 2-, 3-, 4'-, and 5-positions or the 2-, 4-, 4'-, and 5-positions of the biphenyl ring from the blood to the breast milk tended to occur at a higher level than that of other congeners. In particular, the levels of tetraCB-74 and hexaCB-146 in the breast milk for both primiparous and secundiparous mothers were slightly higher than those in the blood.
PCDD/Fs are found as impurities in commercial pesticide sodium pentachlorophenol (Na-PCP) salt. We compared, using multivariate logistic regression analysis adjusted for confounding factors, serum PCDD/F levels and biochemical examinations of retired Na-PCP workers and other inhabitants living near a closed Na-PCP plant that discharged PCP-contaminated wastewater into a nearby pond in Tainan, Taiwan. In this cross-sectional study from October 2006 through May 2009, 1167 participants were divided into groups according to their occupational (retired Na-PCP plant workers versus other residents) and dietary exposure (eating polluted fish versus not eating polluted fish) to PCDD/Fs, and a general population from a large-scale survey. Serum PCDD/F levels were significantly different between these groups (range: from 22.9±10.0pg WHO(98)-TEQ(DF) g(-1) lipid in the general population to 109.6±94.5pg WHO(98)-TEQ(DF) g(-1) lipid in retired Na-PCP workers eating polluted seafood; P(trend)<0.001). Distinct patterns of PCDD/Fs congener profiles, showing a significantly higher proportion of 1,2,3,7,8-PeCDD, 1,2,3,6,7,8-HxDD, and less 2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDF, OCDF, were also found among workers and residents with different serum PCDD/F levels versus the general population. After adjusting for confounding factors, glucose (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] 7.22 [95% CI: 4.04-12.90]), triglycerides (AOR 4.31 [95% CI: 2.57-7.22]), blood urea nitrogen (AOR 2.90 [95% CI: 1.58-5.33]), creatine (AOR 5.83 [95% CI: 1.12-30.30]) and total protein (AOR 3.74 [95% CI: 1.91-7.31]) levels in retired workers were significantly higher than in the reference group. Occupational exposure to PCDD/Fs is associated with biochemical abnormalities that may persist for years after serum PCDD/F levels have declined.
Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) were determined in 23 blood samples of exposed workers from a transformer recycling plant in Dortmund, Germany. Compared to the most recent studies on German background levels of adults, elevated concentrations of up to 71.6 pg WHO(2005)-TEq/g(lipid base) were found for 8 participants, and for individual PCDF congeners for 15 participants.
Blood serum specimens from 81 non-occupationally exposed adults residing in four areas close to municipal and waste incinerators as well as metallurgical industry plant and 44 adult subjects coming from control area of Slovakia were analysed for polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (dl-PCBs) and polybrominated diphenylethers (PBDEs). The concentration of total WHO(98)TEQ PCDD/F/dl-PCBs in whole group of donors from areas where known sources causing dioxin contamination are present was significantly higher than in control group of donors (p<0.001). Correlation between the age of donors and PCDD/F and dl-PCB levels was confirmed (Spearman's r(PCDD/Fs)=0.543, r(dl-PCBs)=0.521, p<0.001). Furthermore, this study presents first results concerning the PBDE congeners in human serum of Slovak general population. The total concentration (congeners 28, 47, 99, 100, 153, 154, 183) in control group was approximately 1.5-times higher in comparison to that of residents coming from areas with supposed environmental pollution. The most abundant congeners in all samples were BDE-47 and BDE-153 with median values of 0.24 ng g(-1) lipid and 0.23ngg(-1) lipid, respectively. The positive association between PBDE values and age of donors was not found.
In order to establish a national baseline estimate of the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in Canadians, pooling of individual human sera was performed to ensure that a high frequency of detectable concentrations of analytes would be achieved. Nearly 5000 (4583) sera samples from Cycle 1 of the Canadian Health Measures Survey (CHMS) collected between 2007 and 2009 were used to form 59 composite pools of approximately 25 mL each. Pools were categorized by sex and age with participants ranging from 6 to 79 years. The pooled samples were analysed for 17 PCDD/Fs and 36 PCB congeners, and from these data, total toxic equivalent concentrations (TEQ(2005 PCDD/F+Dioxin-like [DL]-PCB)) were estimated. The average 2,3,7,8 tetrachlorodibenzodioxin (TCDD) concentration was <1 pg g⁻¹ on a lipid extractable basis. The average total TEQ(2005 PCDD/F+DL-PCB) was 11 pg TEQ g⁻¹ lipid and average ΣPCB concentrations were about 100 ng g⁻¹ lipid. Sex did not affect the concentrations, while PCB and PCDD/F concentrations were positively correlated with age (p<0.001). It appeared in some cases that the age group 6-11 years had higher concentrations of these persistent organic pollutants (POPs) than the concentrations observed in 12-19 year olds, however, the results were not statistically significant based on pair-wise comparisons. Concentration levels and patterns observed in this study of Canadians were similar to those reported in the US and European populations.
As part of the University of Michigan Dioxin Exposure Study, soil, household dust, and serum samples were collected from more than 750 households in five populations around the city of Midland and in Jackson and Calhoun Counties, Michigan, USA. Polytopic vector analysis, a type of receptor model, was applied to better understand the potential sources of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans found in these samples and to quantify the contributions of the sources in each matrix across populations. The results indicated that source signatures found in soil are similar to those found in dust, reflecting various combustion profiles, pentachlorophenol, and graphite electrode sludge. The profiles associated with contamination in the Tittabawassee River, likely related to historical discharges from the Dow Chemical Company facility in Midland, exhibited the largest differences among the regional populations sampled. Differences in serum source contributions among the study populations were consistent with some of the regional differences observed in soil samples. However, the age trends of these differences suggested that they are related to past exposures, rather than ongoing sources.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) are postulated to act as endocrine disrupters. In the ongoing Duisburg birth cohort study, started in 2000-2002, influence of persistent organic pollutants (POP) on child development was monitored. For the first time, associations were reported between prenatal and postnatal PCDD/F and PCB exposures and early endocrinological changes concerning adrenarchal development. PCDD/F and PCB concentrations were measured in blood samples taken in wk 32 of pregnancy and in breast milk using gas chromatography and high-resolution mass spectrometry (GC/HRMS). At the age of 6-7 and 8-9 yr, serum samples were collected from 111 children. The samples were assayed for the sex hormones testosterone, estradiol, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEA-S), and 17-OH-progesterone (17-OHP) by using an automated chemiluminescence assay system. Analyses of repeated measurements of DHEA-S serum levels were performed by linear regression analysis using generalized estimating equations (GEE). Linear regression analysis showed a positive association between DHEA-S and breast milk levels of PCDD/F and PCB expressed as toxicity equivalents according to toxicity equivalent factors published by the World Health Organization (WHO) in 2005 (WHO(2005)-TEq) (increase of 29%, geometric mean ratio, GMR: 1.29, 95% CI 1.06-1. 58 per doubling of PCDD/F + PCB WHO(2005)-TEq levels). Results for the association with the WHO(2005)-TEq levels in blood of mothers were in the same direction (increase of 15%, GMR 1.15, 95% CI 0.93-1.42 per doubling of PCDD/F + PCB WHO(2005)-TEq levels), but not significant. Data indicate that PCDD/F and PCB exposure in infancy may influence DHEA-S serum levels in prepubertal children. Increased DHEA-S serum levels are considered to indicate acceleration of the adrenal maturation.
Mono- to tri-chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin/dibenzofurans (DD/Fs) have not been studied as extensively as the 17 toxic 2,3,7,8-substituted congeners. In this study for the first time, mono- to octa-chlorinated DD/Fs were analyzed for seventy one human serum samples collected from incinerator workers as well as residents living near and far from the facility. The mean concentrations of ∑Cl(1-8)DD/Fs and 17-toxic congeners were 1890 and 398 pg g(-1) lipid (11.9 TEQ pg g(-1) lipid), respectively. 2,3,4,7,8-PeCDF, 1,2,3,7,8-PeCDD, and 1,2,3,6,7,8-HxCDD were predominant congeners that accounted for more than 78% of the TEQ concentrations. The profile for polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) was dominated by the most chlorinated congener, OCDD (>58%), while decreasing concentrations with increasing degree of chlorination were seen for polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs); MoCDFs (>83%) and DiCDFs (>6%). ∑Cl(1-3)DD/Fs accounted for 77% of the serum concentrations of ∑Cl(1-8)DD/Fs. These findings confirm that human beings are exposed to a large amount of ∑Cl(1-3)DD/Fs. Moreover, MoCDFs contributed more than 60% of the ∑Cl(1-8)DD/Fs and was highly correlated with ∑Cl(1-8)DD/Fs. Thus, 2-MoCDF could be a predictive indicator for ∑Cl(1-8)DD/Fs (r(s)=0.96), and the combination of 2-MoCDF and OCDD could explain the 95.9% variation in the serum of ∑Cl(1-8)DD/Fs. These results suggest that low chlorinated DD/Fs should be studied extensively until these low chlorinated congeners will have been elucidated for their toxicities.
Because fetuses are considered significantly more sensitive to various environment toxicants, there is a need for continuous biomonitoring of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls PCBs (DL-PCBs) to assess their impact on this susceptible population. The aim of this study was to assess the concentration of PCDD/Fs and DL-PCBs in placenta samples from women participating in the Spanish Environment and Childhood (INMA) birth cohort study and to evaluate whether maternal and child characteristics predict placenta concentrations of these pollutants. The presence of PCDD/Fs and DL-PCBs was investigated in 50 placenta samples selected at random in the recruitment period 2000-2008. Multivariable regression models were constructed. Mothers had a mean age at delivery of 30.7 years (18.0-38.0 years), pre-pregnancy BMI of 23.3 kg/m² (18.0-40.2 kg/m²), and 31% were smokers. Median total concentrations of PCDD/Fs and DL-PCBs were 6.9 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid and 2.1 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid, respectively. In comparison to the few previous studies in placenta, total TEQ levels were among the lowest recorded in comparable general populations. The congener distribution pattern and the frequencies and concentrations of PCDD/F and DL-PCB congeners were similar to previous reports in placenta. PCDD/F and DL-PCB exposure was related to the age of the mother and the year of the delivery. Although placental concentrations cannot be considered wholly appropriate predictors for evaluating fetal exposure to these contaminants, they can provide a good indication of both maternal and infant prenatal and postnatal exposure and can be used as a proxy for fetal exposure.
We report on the pilot study carried out before the start of the Elfe project (French longitudinal study from childhood). A total of 44 samples of mature human milk were collected at home 8 weeks after delivery. A total of 7 polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), 10 polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), 12 dioxin-like (DL) polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and 6 non dioxin-like (NDL)-PCBs were measured. For total TEQ (PCDD/Fs and DL-PCBs), the geometric mean concentration was 17.81 pg TEQ(WHO05)/g lipids. Relative PCDD, PCDF, and DL-PCB contributions to the arithmetic mean TEQ(WHO05) were 38%, 18%, and 44%, respectively. The use of TEF(WHO05) instead of TEF(WHO98) resulted in a 27% reduction of the total TEQ value. Although PCDD levels did not significantly change (less than 0.5% increase), PCDF and DL-PCB levels both decreased by 35% and 38%, respectively. Levels have been compared to data obtained during a previous non-reported national study conducted in 1998 (TEF(WHO98)) in French lactaria (n=244). The mean of PCDD/Fs has decreased about 39.4% (18.8 pg TEQ(WHO98)/g lipids in 1998 vs 11.4 pg TEQ(WHO98)/g lipids in pilot study), respectively 41.5% for PCDDs (10.6 pg TEQ(WHO98)/g lipids in 1998 vs 6.2 pg TEQ(WHO98)/g lipids in pilot study) and 36.7% for PCDFs (7.9 pg TEQ(WHO98)/g lipids in 1998 vs 5.0 pg TEQ(WHO98)/g lipids in pilot study). For the sum of the 6 NDL-PCBs, the 2007 geometric mean concentration in milk was 176.3 ng/g lipids. The arithmetic mean lipid concentration in 2007 breast milk was 26.4 g/l (range from 6.0 to 46.7 g/l). A PCDD/F and DL-PCB daily intake was estimated to be 62.3 pg TEQ(WHO05)/kg body weight per day (85.0 pg TEQ(WHO98)/kg body weight per day) for a baby of 5 kg of body weight fed daily with 700 ml of maternal milk containing 25 g/l of lipids.
The construction of the first and, until now, only hazardous waste incinerator (HWI) in Spain finished in 1998. To assess its potential impact on the population living in the vicinity, a surveillance program was established. It includes the periodical biomonitoring of PCDD/Fs body burden. On the basis of this program, in 2012 we determined the levels of PCDD/Fs in plasma of nonoccupationally exposed individuals living near the HWI. The results were compared with those of the baseline study, and with those of two previous surveys (2002 and 2007). A multicompartment, physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) model was also applied to estimate the levels of PCDD/Fs in plasma. The model was validated by comparing the results with our experimental data (baseline, 2002, 2007, and 2012). The current mean concentration was 6.18 pg I-TEQ/g lipid, with a range between 2.03 and 18.8 pg I-TEQ/g lipid. In 1998 (baseline), the mean concentration of PCDD/Fs in plasma was 27.0 pg I-TEQ/g lipid (reduction of 77%, p < 0.001). Significant reductions were also noted in our previous 2002 and 2007 surveys, with mean concentrations of 15.7 and 9.36 pg I-TEQ/g lipid, respectively. However, the comparison between simulated (using the PBPK model) and experimental results was very successful, as PCDD/F values in plasma were very similar (7.95 vs 6.18 pg I-TEQ/g lipid). The levels of PCDD/Fs in plasma of nonoccupationally exposed individuals living near the HWI here assessed are comparatively lower than most recently reported values.
BACKGROUND: Hyperuricemia (too much uric acid in the blood) is the predisposing condition for gout and is associated with hypertriglyceridemia, diabetes mellitus, and coronary artery disease. Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzo-furans (PCDD/Fs) cause renal toxicity and elevate uric acid. The aim of this analysis was to investigate and clarify the effect of moderate-to-high PCDD/F exposure on hyperuricemia risk. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, we recruited 1531 healthy participants living near a deserted pentachlorophenol factory. We measured serum levels of 17 2,3,7,8-substituted PCDD/Fs, and then examined associations between the main predictor variable, serum TEQ(DF-2005) (total PCDD/Fs 2005 World Health Organization [WHO] toxic equivalency [TEQ]), and dependent variables such as uric acid, glomerular filtration rates, and hyperuricemia risk. RESULTS: We observed a strong monotonic inverse relationship between serum TEQ(DF-2005) quartiles and the estimated glomerular filtration rate after adjusting for confounding factors (Men: β were 0, -4.7, -6.2, and -14.8; Women: β were 0, -6.7, -12.9, and -21.5). In addition, we observed a suggestive positive trend between serum TEQDF-2005 quartiles and uric acid only in men after adjusting for confounding factors (Men: β were 0, 0.40, 0.36, and 0.59; P for trend <0.05). Men with serum TEQ(DF-2005) higher than the reference group's (<7.4 pg WHO(2005)-TEQ(DF/g) lipid) had a higher hyperuricemia risk after adjusting for confounding factors (25th to <50th percentile, adjusted odds ratio [AOR] = 2.20 [95% confidence interval {CI} = 1.30-3.73]; 50th to <75th percentile, AOR = 1.86 [95% CI = 1.08-3.22]; ≥ 75th percentile, AOR = 3.00 [95% CI = 1.69-5.31]). CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that serum TEQ(DF-2005) is an important determinant of serum uric acid levels and heightens the risk of hyperuricemia in general populations. 
