Variability of oxygen affinity of normal blood: an automated method of measurement.
Accuracy and reproducibility of arterial blood-gas and pH measurements.
Plasma estrogens and pregnancy-associated plasma proteins: a study of their variability in late pregnancy.
Species variability in plasma S-sulfonate levels during and following sulfite administration.
Variability of polymorphic cellular enzymes in medical students with different serum lipid levels: a preliminary survey.
Variability of the effects of serum-free medium, dibutyryl-cyclic AMP or theophylline on the morphology of cultured new-born rat astroblasts.
A longitudinal study of the biological variability of plasma lipoproteins in healthy young adults.
Intraindividual relationships between serum protein binding of drugs in normal human subjects, patients with impaired renal function, and rats.
Reproducibility of interpretation of the test for antibody-coated bacteria in urinary sediment.
Reliability of a single urine culture in establishing diagnosis of asymptomatic bacteriuria in adult males.
Intra-individual variation in the concentrations of IgA, IgG, IgM, and complement component C3 in serum of a normal adult population.
Variability and predictability of the plasma concentration of ampicillin and kanamycin in new-born infants.
Multiple gated cardiac blood pool imaging for left ventricular ejection fraction: validation of the technique and assessment of variability.
Ethnic variability in the plasma insulin response to oral glucose in Polynesian and Micronesian subjects.
Serum calcium ion activity. Some aspects on methodological differences and intraindividual variation.
Variability of plasma catecholamine levels: age, duration of posture and time of day.
Reliability of serum ferritin determinations after total dose infusion of iron dextran in pregnancy.
Variability in rates of urine prostaglandin E excretion.
Temporal changes in the concentrations of serum constituents in healthy men. Distributions of within-person variances and their relevance to the interpretation of differences between successive measurements.
Intra-individual variation in commonly analyzed serum constituents.
Variability in 24-hour urine sodium excretion in children.
Contribution of individual differences in gastric emptying to variability in plasma propranolol concentrations.
On the reliability of the magnesium serum value as an indicator of body magnesium status.
Reliability of the Eyetone instrument and the Reflectance Meter in instant blood glucose determinations.
Intrapatient variability of serial steady-state plasma tricyclic antidepressant concentrations.
Reproducibility of regional cerebral blood flow measurements in acute severe head injury.
Cerebral hemodynamics in Shy-Drager syndrome: variability of cerebral blood flow dysautoregulation and the compensatory role of chemical control in dysautoregulation.
The analytical reliability of the zirconyl phosphate method of plasma carcinoembryonic antigen.
Myocardial infarction size from serial CPK: variability of CPK serum entry ratio with size and model of infarction.
Quantitative analysis of steroid profiles from urine by capillary gas chromatography. I. Accuracy and reproducibility of the sample preparation.
Urine cytology as a medical surveillance tool: a study of variability in interpretation of urine cytology slides.
Reproducibility, efficacy and methodology of mitogen-induced lymphocyte transformations by the whole blood assay.
The TSH response to thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) in young adult men: intra-individual variation and relation to basal serum TSH and thyroid hormones.
Observations on the variability of plasma estriol.
Intra-individual variation of some serum constituents and its relevance to population-based reference ranges.
Interindividual differences in the effect of drugs on bilirubin plasma binding in newborn infants and in adults.
Postprandial serum bile acids in healthy man. Evidence for differences in absorptive pattern between individual bile acids.
Reliability of salivary theophylline as a guide to plasma theophylline levels.
Chimpanzee simian-type blood groups: reproducibility of formerly described antisera and demonstration of new blood groups Oc and Pc1.
Isoenzyme status and genetic variability of serum esterases in the lesser snow goose, Anser caerulescens caerulescens.
Variability of 24-hour urinary creatinine excretion by normal subjects.
Some theory of reference values. II. Comparison of some statistical models of intraindividual variation in blood constituents.
Interindividual differences in chlorthalidone concentration in plasma and red cells of man after single and multiple doses.
Correlation of selected serum constitutents: 2. Consistency of intra-individual correlation values, means, and variances during four months.
Improving the diagnostic reliability of rapidly fluctuating plasma hormone levels by optimized multiple-sampling techniques.
Genetic polymorphism and interethnic variability of plasma paroxonase activity.
Two-fold interindividual variation in plasma protein binding of phenytoin in patients with epilepsy.
Fatty acid variability of plasma lipids and cholesteryl esters in adult male twins and their brothers.
Plasma protein variability in MZ twins.
Serum complement levels in recurrent aphthous ulceration. An intraindividual pilot study of sequential C3, C4 & C1 esterase inhibitor estimations.
Reliability of chemical tests for fecal occult blood in hospitalized patients.
Statistical analysis of the reproducibility of the intravenous glucose tolerance test and the serum insulin response to this test in the middle-aged men.
Variability of the iron, copper and mercury contents of individual red blood cells.
Lead in human scalp hair: some factors affecting its variability.
The reliability of the measurement of plasma renin activity by radioimmunoassay.
Correlation of selected serum constituents: 1. Inter-individual variation and analytical error.
Temporal intrapersonal physiological variability of cholinesterase activity in human plasma and erythrocytes.
A general equation for the ratio of the areas below the blood or plasma concentration time-curves following intravenous and oral drug administration and its application to inter-subject variations in drug elimination.
Relation between individual differences in sexual behavior and plasma testosterone levels in the guinea pig.
Interlaboratory variability in determination of plasma antiepileptic drug concentrations.
Variability of serum gonadotropin and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate concentrations in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Sources of variability in normal CA 125 levels.
The effect of genetic variability (degree of homozygosity) on serum levels of the anterior pituitary hormones prolactin, corticotropin, and growth hormone in rats.
Variability in T cell receptor V beta gene usage in human peripheral blood lymphocytes. Studies of identical twins, siblings, and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.
Variability of the serum protein binding of theophylline in patients with asthma and cystic fibrosis.
Variability of serum levels for three oral 8-methoxypsoralen brands.
Characterizing biological variability in livestock blood cholinesterase activity for biomonitoring organophosphate nerve agent exposure.
Levels and variability of purine nucleotides in normal human lymphocytes.
Antisperm antibodies in women: variability in antibody levels in serum, mucus, and peritoneal fluid.
Variability of atrial natriuretic peptide plasma levels in ascitic cirrhotics: pathophysiological and clinical implications.
The variability of urinary protein and creatinine excretion in patients with gestational proteinuric hypertension.
Variability of serum bile acid concentrations over time in dairy cattle, and effect of feed deprivation on the variability.
The variability of and associations between measures of blood coagulation, fibrinolysis and blood lipids.
Repeatability and reproducibility of egg counts of Schistosoma haematobium in urine.
Variability of alpha-tocopherol values associated with procurement, storage, and freezing of equine serum and plasma samples.
Single breath measurement of pulmonary blood flow in man: the causes of variability.
Age and site variability of skin blood perfusion in the hairless mouse ear determined by laser Doppler flowmetry.
Poor sensitivity, specificity, and reproducibility of detection of HIV-1 DNA in serum by polymerase chain reaction. The Transfusion Safety Study Group.
Striking variability of hepatic copper levels in fulminant hepatic failure.
Variability in teniposide plasma protein binding is correlated with serum albumin concentrations.
Validation and reproducibility of bidirectional laser Doppler velocimetry for the measurement of retinal blood flow.
The variability of the serum estradiol level in men: effect of stress (college examinations), cigarette smoking, and coffee drinking on the serum sex hormone and other hormone levels.
Impact of the new cuff design on reliability of the AS800 artificial urinary sphincter.
Measuring the albumin excretion rate: agreement between methods and biological variability.
Reliability of urinary LH testing for planning of endometrial biopsies.
Reliability in the interpretation of the course of serum enzyme concentration changes in suspected acute myocardial infarction.
Reproducibility of HLA-A, B, and DR typing using peripheral blood samples: results of retyping in the collaborative corneal transplantation studies. Collaborative Corneal Transplantation Studies Group (corrected)
Urine test strips: reliability of semi-quantitative findings under tropical conditions.
Interindividual variability in the concentrations of albumin and alpha-1-acid glycoprotein in patients with renal or liver disease, newborns and healthy subjects: implications for binding of drugs.
Critical analysis of methods for assessing regional blood flow and their reliability in clinical medicine.
Variability in response to a low-fat, low-cholesterol diet in children with elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels.
Measuring ethanol in blood and breath for legal purposes: variability between laboratories and between breath-test instruments.
Variability of blood gases, pulse oximeter saturation, and end-tidal carbon dioxide pressure in stable, mechanically ventilated trauma patients.
Postnatal evolution of slow variability in cerebral blood flow velocity.
Reproducibility of plasma and extracellular fluid volume measurements in critically ill patients.
Variability and similarity of manual office and automated blood pressures.
Intraindividual variation of beta 2-adrenergic receptors on mononuclear leukocytes and their relationships with endogenous plasma catecholamines in man.
Within-individual variation in serum cholesterol levels: association with DNA polymorphisms at the apolipoprotein B and AI-CIII-AIV loci in patients with peripheral arterial disease.
Cerebral-blood-flow-velocity measurements in neonates: technique and interobserver reliability.
Individual variability in concentrations of urinary sulindac sulfide.
Role of genetic variability in neonatal jaundice. A prospective study on full-term, blood group-compatible infants.
Reproducibility of renal blood flow estimation in the miniature pig using 99Tcm-DTPA: introducing semiautomatic processing.
Nutritional considerations in the variability of plasma cholesterol measurements.
Variability in cardiovascular and plasma norepinephrine responses to head-up tilt in healthy human subjects.
Urinary growth hormone excretion in 657 healthy children and adults: normal values, inter- and intraindividual variations.
Concentration of ethinyl estradiol in the serum of 31 young women following a treatment period of 3 months with two low-dose oral contraceptives in an intraindividual cross-over design.
In vitro hydrolysis of RR,SS-threo-methylphenidate by blood esterases--differential and enantioselective interspecies variability.
Restricting environmental stimulation influences levels and variability of plasma cortisol.
The microsphere technique in anaesthetized and awake pregnant guinea-pigs: reproducibility of repeated blood flow measurements.
Reproducibility of 24-hour serum growth hormone profiles in man.
Comparison of reliability of plasma fructosamine and glycosylated hemoglobin assays for assessing glycemic control in diabetic patients on hemodialysis.
A major factor contributing to the high degree of unexplained variability of some elements concentrations in biological tissue: 27 elements in 5 organs of the mussel Mytilus as a model.
Cochlear efferent neurones and protection against acoustic trauma: protection of outer hair cell receptor current and interanimal variability.
Biological variability of superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, and catalase in blood.
Reliability of pulpal blood-flow measurements utilizing laser Doppler flowmetry.
Reliability and interrelations among serum sex hormones in postmenopausal women.
Measurement of aortic blood flow by Doppler echocardiography: day to day variability in normal subjects and applicability in clinical research.
Reliability of ultrasound in the prenatal diagnosis of urinary tract abnormalities.
Analytic variability and clinical significance of different assays for serum estradiol.
Variability of hemodynamic values and plasma catecholamine concentrations over a one-hour period in conscious, restrained rats.
Methodological error and spatial variability of organ blood flow measurements using radiolabeled microspheres.
Intraindividual variability of carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and phenytoin concentrations in saliva.
Variability in plasma oestrogen concentrations in men with a myocardial infarction.
Interindividual comparability of blood glucose alterations after meals of complex carbohydrates.
Rotation of the anatomic regions used for insulin injections and day-to-day variability of plasma glucose in type I diabetic subjects.
Interobserver variability in the interpretation of contrast venography, technetium-99m red blood cell venography and impedance plethysmography for deep vein thrombosis.
Predictability and intraindividual variability of serum theophylline concentrations in patients with obstructive lung disease: 12-h versus 24-h dosing.
ECG wave form, short term heart rate variability and plasma catecholamine concentrations in intrauterine growth-retarded guinea-pig fetuses.
Plasma and renal clearance of iohexol--a study on the reproducibility of a method for the glomerular filtration rate.
Ambulatory pulmonary arterial pressure in primary pulmonary hypertension: variability, relation to systemic arterial pressure, and plasma catecholamines.
Reliability and validity of a continuous incremental treadmill protocol for the determination of lactate threshold, fixed blood lactate concentrations, and VO2max.
Variability of serum prolactin and progesterone levels in normal women: the relevance of single hormone measurements in the clinical setting.
Genetic variability in domesticated and wild sheep based on blood protein characters.
Reliability of current techniques for histamine determination in human plasma: the European external quality control study 1988.
Methylmalonic acid concentrations in serum of normal subjects: biological variability and effect of oral L-isoleucine loads before and after intramuscular administration of cobalamin.
Relationship between intraindividual variation of the saliva/plasma- and of the arteriovenous concentration ratio as demonstrated by the administration of caffeine.
Within-person fluctuations of serum cholesterol and lipoproteins.
Day-to-day variability of serum cholesterol, triglyceride, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Impact on the assessment of risk according to the National Cholesterol Education Program guidelines.
The variability of serum cholesterol measurements: implications for screening and monitoring.
Plasma cholinesterase activity in a healthy population group with no occupational exposure to known cholinesterase inhibitors: relative influence of some factors related to normal inter- and intra-individual variations.
Capillary blood cell velocity in finger nailfold: characteristics and reproducibility of the local cold response.
Taurine concentrations in plasma and whole blood in humans: estimation of error from intra- and interindividual variation and sampling technique.
Improved reliability of a serum alpha-fetoprotein enzyme immunoassay compared with a radioimmunoassay.
Variability in predicted rates of Down syndrome associated with elevated maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein levels in older women.
Daily variability in human serum prostate-specific antigen and prostatic acid phosphatase: a comparative evaluation.
Variability of cellular responsiveness to ADH stimulation in toad urinary bladder.
Sensitivity and reproducibility of urinary C-peptide as estimate of islet B-cell function in insulin-treated diabetes.
Influence of age, posture and intra-individual variation on plasma levels of atrial natriuretic peptide.
Progress in lipid reporting practices and reliability of blood cholesterol measurement in clinical laboratories in Nebraska. Efforts to align results with the Centers for Disease Control, and feasibility of meeting National Cholesterol Education Program Guidelines.
Steady-state fluctuation and variability of betaxolol and atenolol plasma levels.
Reliability of fetal buttock blood sampling in assessing the acid-base balance of the breech fetus.
Intra- and interindividual variability in the free fraction of cyclosporine in plasma in recipients of renal transplants.
Reasons for intraindividual inconstancy of the digoxin saliva to serum concentration ratio.
Variability of coronary blood flow measurements with microspheres in the rat: role of injection site and sphere number.
Intra-individual variation in plasma and erythrocyte cholinesterase activities and the monitoring of uptake of organo-phosphate pesticides.
Variability of urine albumin excretion in normal and diabetic children.
Reversibility and reproducibility of histamine induced plasma leakage in nasal airways.
Experience with portable ultrasound equipment and measurement of urine volumes: inter-user reliability and factors of patient position.
Repeatability of Doppler ultrasound measurement of blood flow velocity and its variability in the supraclinoid segment of the internal carotid artery in preterm newborns.
Reliability of self-monitoring of blood glucose by CSII-treated patients with type I diabetes.
Variability of serum phenytoin concentrations in nursing home patients.
Reproducibility of the indirect immunobead assay for detecting sperm antibodies in serum.
Individual variability of amiodarone distribution in plasma and erythrocytes: implications for therapeutic monitoring.
Reliability of a urine dipstick in emergency department patients.
Reliability of the determination of whole-blood oxygen affinity by means of blood-gas analyzers and multi-wavelength oximeters.
Reproducibility of urinary 3-methylhistidine excretion in human subjects consuming freely selected diets.
Variability in lipoprotein concentrations in serum after prolonged storage at -20 degrees C.
Cerebral blood flow velocity variability after cardiovascular support in premature babies.
Reliability of white blood cell counting.
Variability in the pharmacokinetics of nisoldipine as caused by differences in liver blood flow response.
Quantification of regional cerebral blood flow with IMP-SPECT. Reproducibility and clinical relevance of flow values.
On the performance and reliability of mechanized urine teststrip measurement in comparison with visual reading.
Relationship of intraindividual dose to plasma concentration of carbamazepine: indication of dose-dependent induction of metabolism.
Interindividual variation of beta-adrenoceptor blocking drugs, plasma concentration and effect: influence of genetic status on behaviour of atenolol, bopindolol and metoprolol.
Blood lipid variability in relation to relative weight and biochemical markers of tobacco and alcohol consumption.
Comparison of variability of urinary sodium, potassium, and calcium in free-living men.
Variability of thymidylate synthase activity in whole blood cultures treated with FUdR.
Atrial natriuretic peptides: reproducibility of renal effects and response of liver blood flow.
The variability of overnight urinary albumin excretion in insulin-dependent diabetic and normal subjects.
The reproducibility of resting and post exercise plasma beta-endorphins.
Use of memory meters to measure reliability of self blood glucose monitoring.
A proficiency score for assessing the reliability of self blood glucose monitoring.
Diagnostic reliability of simultaneous measurements of beta human chorionic gonadotropin and pregnancy-specific beta-1-glycoprotein in serum of patients with trophoblastic disease.
Sources of variability in foot and mouth disease vaccine potency estimates based on serum neutralizing antibody assay.
Reliability of voiding colpo-cysto-urethrography in female urinary stress incontinence before and after treatment.
The uterine artery blood flow velocity waveform: reproducibility and results in normal pregnancy.
Population pharmacokinetics of alfentanil: the average dose-plasma concentration relationship and interindividual variability in patients.
Use of mannitol during neurosurgery: interpatient variability in the plasma and CSF levels.
Intra-individual variation of serum thyroxin and triiodothyronine in pregnancy.
Variability of serum drug level following a single oral dose of dipyridamole.
Blood flow distribution and its temporal variability in stimulated dog gastrocnemius muscle.
Reliability and accuracy of Urotel test, a device for urinary cytology.
Variability of capillary plasma glucose in healthy individuals in repeated 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests.
Daily variability of umbilical and lateral uterine wall artery blood velocity waveform measurements.
Cerebral blood flow velocity variability in infants receiving assisted ventilation.
Blood flow velocity and systolic time intervals measured by pulsed Doppler ultrasound: reproducibility of measurements.
Effect of lot-to-lot variability in filter paper on the quantification of thyroxin, thyrotropin, and phenylalanine in dried-blood specimens.
Regional blood flows by the microsphere method: reproducibility in portal hypertensive rats and influence of a portal vein catheter.
Variability gene effect on cholesterol at the Kidd blood group locus.
Structural variability of the neutral carbohydrate moiety of cow colostrum kappa-casein as a function of time after parturition. Identification of a tetrasaccharide with blood group I specificity.
Reproducibility of the measurement of plasma noradrenergic and dopaminergic metabolites in normal subjects.
Intersubject variability in plasma theophylline levels after oral and intravenous administration in Jordanian patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Investigation of serum creatine kinase variability after muscle-damaging exercise.
Red blood cell plasma Li ratio variability in affective patients.
Loss of spontaneous variability of fingertip anastomotic blood flow in diabetic autonomic neuropathy.
Subcutaneous adipose tissue blood flow in the forefoot during 24 hours. Labeling pattern and reproducibility.
Short-term biological reproducibility of serum fatty acid composition in children.
Measurement of heparin in plasma: influence of inter-subject and circadian variability in heparin sensitivity according to method.
Variability of urinary sodium and potassium excretion in north Chinese men.
Reliability of urinary N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase as an indicator of renal tubular damage in neonates.
Blood variables in adult stumptail macaques (Macaca arctoides) living in a captive group; annual variability.
The variability and dietary dependence of urinary oxalate excretion in recurrent calcium stone formers.
Skin capillary blood cell velocity in man. Characteristics and reproducibility of the reactive hyperemia response.
Comparative clinical reliability of fasting plasma glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Urinary excretion of nitrosodimethylamine and nitrosoproline in humans: interindividual and intraindividual differences and the effect of administered ascorbic acid and alpha-tocopherol.
Reliability of plasma creatinine measurement in infants and children.
Reliability and significance of increased creatine kinase MB isoenzyme in the serum of uremic patients.
Limits of reproducibility of blood flow measurements by Doppler echocardiography.
Partitioning the variability of fasting plasma glucose levels in pedigrees. Genetic and environmental factors.
Reliability of urinary pregnancy tests in the diagnosis of ectopic pregnancy.
Urinary kallikrein: assay validation and physiological variability.
Reproducibility of the variations between humans in the response of serum cholesterol to cessation of egg consumption.
Effect of dietary egg on variability of plasma cholesterol levels and lipoprotein cholesterol.
Method of assessing the reproducibility of blood flow measurement: factors influencing the performance of thermodilution cardiac output computers.
Reproducibility of plasma catecholamine concentrations at rest and during exercise in man.
Species variability in the cardiovascular and hematologic effects of zymosan-activated plasma infusion.
Evaluation of reliability of history in women complaining of urinary stress incontinence.
Comparative reliability of D-xylose absorption and serum beta-carotene measurements in small intestinal disease.
Reliability of amitriptyline dose prediction based on single-dose plasma levels.
Reliability of urinary creatinine as a parameter used to adjust values of urinary biological indicators.
Reproducibility of oxprenolol plasma concentrations in young female volunteers following oral administration of an oxprenolol Oros dosage form.
Variability of plasma lipids and lipoproteins: the Jerusalem Lipid Research Clinic Study.
Inter-individual variation in blood supply of the optic nerve head. Its importance in various ischemic disorders of the optic nerve head, and glaucoma, low-tension glaucoma and allied disorders.
Measurement of blood-retinal barrier permeability: a reproducibility study in normal eyes.
Reliability of progesterone measurements in urine.
A simple approach to estimate the variability of individual plasma drug concentrations in patients at a standardized multiple dosing regimen.
Reliability of urinary cytodiagnosis in urothelial neoplasms.
Coagulopoietin activity in rat plasma: influence of degree of hypoprothrombinemia and reproducibility of the response.
Variability of fentanyl pharmacokinetics in man. Computer predicted plasma concentrations for three intravenous dosage regimens.
Variability in the response of different male subjects to the effect of marathon running on the increase in plasma high density lipoprotein.
Regional cerebral blood flow utilizing the gamma camera and xenon inhalation: reproducibility and clinical applications.
Physiological and pharmacological variability in estimated hepatic blood flow in man.
Variability of the topography of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptors in the plasma membrane of cultured human skin fibroblasts as revealed by gold-LDL conjugates in conjunction with the surface replication technique.
Contribution of the genetic status of oxidative metabolism to variability in the plasma concentrations of beta-adrenoceptor blocking agents.
Within-individual variation in steady state plasma levels of different neuroleptics and prolactin.
Variability of plasma proteins according to molecular size. Long-term and short-term intra-individual variation.
Variability of hematocrit value, blood serum beta- and gamma-globulin level and body weight in different transferrin genotypes of common vole (Microtus arvalis, Pallas 1779) from natural population.
Serum isoamylases in Sjögren's syndrome. Concentration levels and intra-individual variation.
Variability of the electrophoretic mobility of low density lipoprotein. Comparison of interstitial fluid from human aortic intima and serum.
Reproducibility of Doppler aortic blood flow measurements: studies on intraobserver, interobserver and day-to-day variability in normal subjects.
Association of plasma 5'-nucleotidase and alkaline phosphatase with production traits in chickens: genetic and phenotypic variability.
Reproducibility of insulin dosage on consecutive days of blood glucose control by an artificial beta-cell in brittle diabetic patients.
Reliability of symptom-blood glucose relationships among insulin-dependent adult diabetics.
A study of the reliability of carcinoembryonic antigen blood levels in following the course of colorectal cancer.
Reliability of blood glucose monitoring by patients with diabetes mellitus.
Lipogenesis and lipoprotein lipase in human adipose tissue: reproducibility of measurements and relationships with fat cell size.
Analysis of reproducibility and sensitivity of atraumatic measurements of regional cerebral blood flow in cerebrovascular diseases.
Reliability of antiarrhythmic drug plasma concentration monitoring.
Variability of arterial blood gas values in stable patients in the ICU.
Improvement of plasma quality as raw material for factor VIII:C concentrates. Storage of whole blood and plasma and interindividual plasma levels of fibrinopeptide A.
Heterogeneity of human peripheral blood eosinophils: variability in cell density and cytotoxic ability in relation to the level and the origin of hypereosinophilia.
Comparison of reliability of tests to distinguish upper from lower urinary tract infection.
Variability in CO2, O2, and pH levels in blood culture bottles from five different manufacturers.
Reproducibility and reliability of urinary incontinence assessment with a 60 min test.
Reproducibility of skin tests. A comparative study of the Pepys prick test and the Morrow-Brown needle and their correlation with the serum IgE level.
Estimation of tris(2-butoxyethyl) phosphate in biological fluids: novel intersubject variability in recovery from human serum.
Mechanism of the variability in plasma cholesterol response to cholesterol feeding in rhesus monkeys.
Variability in different lots of commercial bovine serum albumin affects cell multiplication and hatching of rabbit blastocysts in culture.
Effect of intra-individual change in serum protein binding on the pharmacologic response of R- and S-disopyramide in the rabbit.
Reproducibility of standard preparation in digoxin radioimmunoassay in plasma and serum.
Variability in blood alcohol concentrations. Implications for estimating individual results.
Reproducibility of ejection fraction measurements by gated equilibrium blood pool scintigraphy.
Do the MN and Jk systems influence environmental variability in serum lipid levels?
The effect of plasma glucose variability on neonatal outcome in the pregnant diabetic patient.
Reliability of clinical monitoring to assess blood volume in critically ill patients.
Variability of blood lead concentrations during infancy.
The activated partial thromboplastin time of diluted plasma: variability due to the method of fibrin detection.
Use of the fluorescence probe 1-anilino-8-naphthalenesulfonate in predicting interindividual differences in the plasma protein binding of acidic drugs in rats.
Regional variability of blood flow and glucose utilization within the subependymal germinal matrix.
Variability of plasma phenobarbitone concentration in Asian children in Singapore.
Variability of plasma lipids in response to emotional arousal.
Long-term variability in serum thyroglobulin and thyroid related hormones in healthy subjects.
Reliability of the plaque assay to determine the sensitivity of Neisseria gonorrhoeae to the bactericidal activity of normal human serum.
Reproducibility of saliva and plasma theophylline levels following single dose administration of two sustained release preparations.
Prolonged variability in plasma protein binding of disopyramide after acute myocardial infarction.
The reliability of electrolyte measurements in plasma.
Patterns of genetic variability in the serum proteins of the Kenyan vervet monkey (Cercopithecus aethiops).
Antepartum fetal heart rate variability and intervillous placental blood flow in association with smoking.
Variability in individual serum cholesterol response to change in diet.
Serum D-xylose absorption tests: reproducibility and diagnostic usefulness in food-induced enterocolitis.
The reliability of laboratory data from blood samples collected through pulmonary artery catheters.
Variability in generation of anti-sheep erythrocyte plaque-forming cells from cultures of human peripheral blood. Influence of monocytes.
The variability of blood group antigens in gastric carcinoma as demonstrated by the immunoperoxidase technique.
Variability of antibody-specific induction and regulation of plaque-forming cells in cultures of normal human peripheral blood lymphocytes.
Reproducibility and quality assurance of two-dimensional gel electrophoresis of serum specimens.
Variability of serum indomethacin concentrations after oral and intravenous administration to preterm infants.
Relative error and variability in blood flow measurements with radiolabeled microspheres.
Variability in urinary mercury excretion.
Retest reliability of plasma cholesterol and triglyceride. The Lipid Research Clinics Prevalence Study.
Intra-individual variation of serum cholesterol, triglycerides and high density lipoprotein cholesterol in normal humans.
Blood flow during pregnancy in the rat: II. Dynamics of and litter variability in uterine flow.
Intraindividual variations of 8-methoxypsoralen plasma levels.
Components of variability in serum theophylline concentrations during maintenance therapy with a sustained release formulation.
Prediction of phenytoin dosage in relation to the variability of phenytoin plasma concentration.
Effect of analytical variability on measurements of population blood lead levels.
Variability of plasma hydralazine concentrations in male hypertensive patients.
Variability of total cholesterol concentrations in serum by repeated measurements in a large pediatric population--limitations of quality controls for laboratory analyses.
Differential timing of maximal postprandial concentrations of plasma chenodeoxycholate and cholate: its variability and implications.
Variability of oxygen affinity of blood: human subjects native to high altitude.
Genetic variability of proteins from plasma membranes and cytosols of mouse organs.
Automated differential leucocyte counters: an evaluation of the Hemalog D and A comparison with the Hematrak. I. Principles of operation; reproducibility and accuracy on normal blood samples.
Variability in heparin effect on serum drug binding.
Variability in unconjugated and total estriol in serum during normal third trimester pregnancy.
Variability of hydrostatic hepatic vein and ascitic fluid pressure, and of plasma and ascitic fluid colloid osmotic pressure in patients with liver cirrhosis.
The variability of human red blood cell magnesium level according to HLA groups.
The reliability of serum theophylline determinations from clinical laboratories.
Intraindividual variability of plasma cholesterol and triglycerides and the effect of propranolol treatment.
Reproducibility of serum haptoglobin profiles in mice with transplanted tumors.
Chronopharmacokinetic variability in plasma morphine concentrations following oral doses of morphine solution.
Variability of ethanol absorption and breath concentrations during a large-scale alcohol administration study.
Methodological aspects, dose-response characteristics and causes of interindividual variation in insulin stimulation of limb blood flow in normal subjects.
The reliability of urinary 5-HIAA levels.
Assay variability in serum prostate-specific antigen determination.
Interindividual variability in the urinary excretion of inorganic arsenic metabolites by C57 BL/6J mice: possible involvement of a thiol/disulfide exchange mechanism.
Daily variability in resting levels of cardiovascular variables in normal subjects and those with homozygous sickle cell disease.
The reliability and repeatability of the blood glucose response to prolonged exercise in adolescent boys with IDDM.
Variability in adaptive response to low dose radiation in human blood lymphocytes: consistent results from chromosome aberrations and micronuclei.
Superior mesenteric artery and renal artery blood flow velocity measurements in neonates: technique and interobserver reliability.
The repeatability of faecal egg counts, peripheral eosinophil counts, and plasma pepsinogen concentrations during deliberate infections with Ostertagia circumcincta.
In vitro conjugation of benzene metabolites by human liver: potential influence of interindividual variability on benzene toxicity.
Reproducibility of Doppler measurements of blood flow velocity in the uterine and ovarian arteries in premenopausal women.
Short- and long-term repeatability of fatty acid composition of human plasma phospholipids and cholesterol esters. The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study Investigators.
Variability of plasma apolipoprotein (apo) A-II levels associated with an apo A-II gene polymorphism in monozygotic twin pairs.
The reproducibility of the plasma response to a physiological dose of zinc in healthy subjects. Implications for study design.
Repeatability and validity of a field kit for estimation of cholinesterase in whole blood.
Variability of blood glucose levels in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus on intensified insulin regimens.
Possibility of postprandial electrogastrography for evaluating vagal/nonvagal cholinergic activity in humans, through simultaneous analysis of postprandial heart rate variability and serum immunoreactive hormone levels.
Potential of concentration monitoring data for a short half-life drug: analysis of pharmacokinetic variability for moclobemide.
Determinants of blood glucose variability in adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Accuracy and reproducibility of the measurement of actively circulating blood volume with an integrated fiberoptic monitoring system.
Interindividual differences in the concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide in urine and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in peripheral white blood cells after charbroiled beef consumption.
Variability in choriocapillaris blood flow distribution.
Reliability of the simple 20 minute whole blood clotting test (WBCT20) as an indicator of low plasma fibrinogen concentration in patients envenomed by Bothrops snakes. Butantan Institute Antivenom Study Group.
The reliability of the mean normal prothrombin time of fresh plasmas and of the normal value from a lyophilized 'normal' plasma in prothrombin ratio determination.
Viral variability and serum antibody response in a laboratory worker infected with HIV type 1 (HTLV type IIIB).
Glutathione disulfide variability in normal human blood.
Year-to-year variability of cholesterol levels in a pediatric practice.
Interlaboratory/intermethod differences in functional sensitivity of immunometric assays of thyrotropin (TSH) and impact on reliability of measurement of subnormal concentrations of TSH.
Variability of serum thyroglobulin levels is determined by a major gene.
Application of negative-ion chemical ionization isotope dilution gas chromatography--mass spectrometry to single-dose bioavailability studies of mefloquine.
Variability gene effects of DNA polymorphisms at the apo B, apo A I/C III and apo E loci on serum lipids: the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study.
The reliability of self-report of behaviours associated with recurrent urinary tract infection.
Intraindividual variability of fibrinogen levels and cardiovascular risk profile.
Weighted serum pools in comparison to the trapezoidal rule for estimating AUCs for ethinyl estradiol. The relationship of the variance of the determination to the interindividual variance.
Reproducibility of instruments designed to measure subjective evaluation of female stress urinary incontinence.
Sources of variability of human plasma apolipoprotein A-IV levels and relationships with lipid metabolism.
Reliability of single urine and serum samples for estimation of 24-hour urinary uric acid excretion in six healthy beagles.
Variability of arterial blood gas values over time in stable medical ICU patients.
A simplified grading method of transitional cell carcinoma of the urinary bladder: reproducibility, clinical significance and comparison with other prognostic parameters.
Forehead and forearm skin blood flows in newborn infants measured by laser Doppler flowmetry: short-term variability and relationship to sleep states.
Biological monitoring of cadmium exposure: reliability of spot urine samples.
Indications for operative termination of labor on cardiotocography and fetal blood analysis: the reliability of these methods.
Heart rate variability and circulating catecholamine concentrations during steady state exercise in healthy volunteers.
Variability of response to atrial natriuretic peptide and sodium nitroprusside in cultured vascular smooth muscle cells from three blood vessels.
The repeatability of the noninvasive blue field entoptic phenomenon method for measuring macular capillary blood flow.
The accuracy and reproducibility of measuring blood flow in murine tumours by the D2O uptake and clearance techniques.
Variability of serum human growth hormone levels in different commercial assays: specificity of growth hormone-releasing hormone stimulation.
Complex heart rate variability and serum norepinephrine levels in patients with advanced heart failure.
Reliability of measurements of total, protein-bound, and unbound estradiol in serum.
Laboratory reproducibility of endogenous hormone levels in postmenopausal women.
Variability of laboratory coat resistance to blood strikethrough.
Variability of opiates concentrations in human hair according to their anatomical origin: head, axillary and pubic regions.
Qualitative and quantitative histopathology in transitional cell carcinomas of the urinary bladder. An international investigation of intra- and interobserver reproducibility.
Variability of cardiovascular and plasma noradrenaline responses to sustained isometric contraction in normal human subjects.
Effects of intravenous temazepam. II. A study of the long-term reproducibility of pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and concentration-effect parameters.
The reliability of Hickman catheter blood for the assessment of activation markers of coagulation and fibrinolysis in patients with hematological malignancies.
The reliability of a solid-phase extraction system for the analysis of benzoylecgonine in urine.
Estimation of blood-glucose variability in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Reliability of serum prolactin measurements in women.
Toenail trace element levels as biomarkers: reproducibility over a 6-year period.
Variability of serum concentrations of trimethoprim and sulfamethoxazole during high dose therapy.
Reliability of sampling urine from disposable diapers in elderly incontinent women.
Variability in the urinary excretion of growth hormone in children: a comparison with other urinary proteins.
Reliability of echocardiographic measurements of myocardial perfusion using commercially produced sonicated serum albumin (Albunex).
Variability of blood lead levels in an urban population in relation to drinking and smoking habits.
Within-subject variation of elastase/alpha 1-protease inhibitor complexes and lactoferrin in plasma.
Bubble hair. Case caused by an overheating hair dryer and reproducibility in normal hair with heat.
Individual variability in Tyr-Gly-Gly formation from enkephalin hydrolysis in mouse plasma.
Observer agreement and variability in measuring gastric mucosal blood flow by laser Doppler flowmetry in humans.
Variability of the calcium ion activity with pH in stone-forming and non-stone-forming urine.
Repeatability of transcranial Doppler measurements of arterial blood flow velocities in healthy subjects.
Laser Doppler flowmetry for estimation of bone blood flow: studies of reproducibility and correlation with microsphere technique.
The reliability of midstream urine culture from circumcised male infants.
Serum insulin distributions and reproducibility of the relationship between 2-hour insulin and plasma glucose levels in Asian Indian, Creole, and Chinese Mauritians. Mauritius NCD Study Group.
Reproducibility of the cortisol response to stimulation with a low dose of ACTH(1-24): the effect of basal cortisol levels and comparison of low-dose with high-dose secretory dynamics.
Factors associated with respiration induced variability in cerebral blood flow velocity.
Reliability of regional cerebral blood flow activation to cognitive tasks in elderly normal subjects.
Variability of coronary blood flow reserve assessed by Doppler catheter after successful thrombolysis in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
Biological variability in concentrations of serum lipids: sources of variation among results from published studies and composite predicted values.
Egg viability in urinary schistosomiasis. III. Repeatability and reproducibility of new methods.
Reproducibility of computed tomography measurement of visceral adipose tissue area.
An attempt to explain interindividual variability in 24-h urinary excretion of inorganic arsenic metabolites by C57 BL/6J mice.
Intraindividual and interindividual differences in metabolites of the tobacco-specific lung carcinogen 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanone (NNK) in smokers' urine.
Reproducibility of plasma hormone levels in postmenopausal women over a 2-3-year period.
Variability of continuously measured arterial pH and blood gas values in the near term fetal lamb.
Variability of repeated serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA) measurements within less than 90 days in a well-defined patient population.
Variability in the immunoreactive and bioactive follicle stimulating hormone content of human urinary menopausal gonadotrophin preparations.
Reliability of blood alcohol determinations at clinical chemistry laboratories in Sweden.
Variability of day 3 follicle-stimulating hormone levels in eumenorrheic women.
Seasonal changes and annual variability in daily plasma melatonin in the red-sided garter snake (Thamnophis sirtalis parietalis).
Variability in serum pepsinogen levels in an asymptomatic population.
Determination of cyclophosphamide metabolites by gas chromatography and thermionic specific detection. Interindividual differences in hepatic biotransformation of cyclophosphamide in man in vitro.
Low copy number and limited variability of proviral DNA in alveolar macrophages from HIV-1-infected patients: evidence for genetic differences in HIV-1 between lung and blood macrophage populations.
Color duplex measurement of cerebral blood flow volume: intra- and interobserver reproducibility and habituation to serial measurements in normal subjects.
Physiologic (intraindividual) variation of serum prostate-specific antigen in 814 men from a screening population.
Population distributions and intralaboratory reproducibility for fat-soluble vitamin-related compounds in human serum.
The impact of interindividual variation in NAT2 activity on benzidine urinary metabolites and urothelial DNA adducts in exposed workers.
ELISA for thyroglobulin in serum: recovery studies to evaluate autoantibody interference and reliability of thyroglobulin values.
Variability of brain lithium levels during maintenance treatment: a magnetic resonance spectroscopy study.
Echo-Doppler measurements of portal vein and superior mesenteric artery blood flow in humans: inter- and intra-observer short-term reproducibility.
The reproducibility of urinary growth hormone measurement in children undergoing adenotonsillectomy: a pilot study.
Measurement of ascorbic acid in human plasma and serum: stability, intralaboratory repeatability, and interlaboratory reproducibility.
Endogenous methanol: variability in concentration and rate of production. Evidence of a deep compartment?
Variability of clinical and pressure-flow study variables after 6 months of watchful waiting in patients with lower urinary tract symptoms and benign prostatic enlargement.
Intra-individual variation of glucose, specific insulin and proinsulin concentrations measured by two oral glucose tolerance tests in a general Caucasian population: the Hoorn Study.
Intraindividual variability in red blood cell thiopurine methyltransferase activity.
Nefazodone pharmacokinetics: assessment of nonlinearity, intra-subject variability and time to attain steady-state plasma concentrations after dose escalation and de-escalation.
Variability in the plasma protein binding of velnacrine (1-hydroxy tacrine hydrochloride). A potential agent for Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of ofloxacin administration on the reliability of urine glucose testing.
Marked intra- and inter-patient variability of itraconazole steady state plasma concentrations.
Variability of molecular biomarker measurements from nonlinear calibration curves.
Observer variability in volumetric blood flow measurements in leg arteries using duplex ultrasound.
Day-to-day intraindividual reliability and interindividual differences in monoamines excretion.
Interindividual and intraindividual variability in plasma fibrinogen, TPA antigen, PAI activity, and CRP in healthy, young volunteers and patients with angina pectoris.
The day-to-day variation (test-retest reliability) of residual urine measurement.
Reproducibility of the blood lactate-running speed curve in horses under field conditions.
Reproducibility of low resting testosterone concentrations in endurance trained men.
Genetic factors that contribute to interindividual variations in plasma low density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels.
Haloperidol dose and blood level variability: toxicity and interindividual and intraindividual variability in the nonresponder patient in the clinical practice setting.
Variability in serum creatine kinase response after eccentric exercise of the elbow flexors.
Reliability of carnitine concentrations measured in single postprandial urine samples from dogs.
Reproducibility of erythrocyte polyamine measurements and correlation with plasma micronutrients in an antioxidant vitamin intervention study.
High repeatability of the amplitude and duration of the nycthemeral rhythm of the plasma melatonin concentration in the Ile-de-France ewe.
Comparison of two substrates in determination of plasma cholinesterase activity & genetic variability.
Medicolegal alcohol determination: variability of the blood- to breath-alcohol ratio and its effect on reported breath-alcohol concentrations.
Comparison of exercise and normal variability on HDL cholesterol concentrations and lipolytic activity.
Reproducibility of measurements of regional resting and hyperemic myocardial blood flow assessed with PET.
Capillary electrophoresis of serum proteins. Reproducibility, comparison with agarose gel electrophoresis and a review of the literature.
Poppy seeds: differences in morphine and codeine content and variation in inter- and intra-individual excretion.
Variability in hepatic iron concentration measurement from needle-biopsy specimens.
Forearm blood flow by Doppler ultrasound during test and exercise: tests of day-to-day repeatability.
Interindividual variation in circulating zinc concentrations among healthy adult men and women.
The reliability of the serum dioxin measurement in veterans of Operation Ranch Hand.
Reproducibility of relative dose response (RDR) test and serum retinol and retinyl ester concentrations in children after a 2-week interval.
Evaluation of the sympathetic nervous system using heart rate variability and plasma hormones in hypertensive patients treated with cilazapril and atenolol.
Reproducibility studies and interlaboratory concordance for assays of serum hormone levels: estrone, estradiol, estrone sulfate, and progesterone.
Interindividual differences in hair uptake of air nicotine and significance of cigarette counting for estimation of environmental tobacco smoke exposure.
Serum carotenoid concentrations and their reproducibility in children in Belize.
Biological variability in serum vitamin E concentrations: relation to serum lipids.
Variability of the blood/breath alcohol ratio in drinking drivers.
Site to site variability of postmortem drug concentrations in liver and lung.
Seasonal variability in blood platelet 3H-imipramine binding in healthy controls: age and gender effects.
Evaluating a national assessment strategy for urinary incontinence in nursing home residents: reliability of the minimum data set and validity of the resident assessment protocol.
Reliability of serum hormones in premenopausal and postmenopausal women over a one-year period.
Reliability and validity of serum sex hormone measurements.
Variability in zidovudine serum concentrations.
Genetic and environmental components of interindividual variation in circulating levels of IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-1, and IGFBP-3.
Variability of post-void residual urine volume in the elderly.
Urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin cycle-to-cycle variability.
Short-term and long-term variability of plasma homocysteine measurement.
Association between common alleles of the low-density lipoprotein receptor gene region and interindividual variation in plasma lipid and apolipoprotein levels in a population-based sample from Rochester, Minnesota.
Between-pregnancy biological variability of maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein and free beta hCG: implications for Down syndrome screening in subsequent pregnancies.
Reliability of delayed INR determination: implications for decentralized anticoagulant care with off-site blood sampling.
Variability of splanchnic blood flow measurements using MR velocity mapping under fasting and post-prandial conditions--comparison with echo-Doppler.
Unpredictable intra-individual variations in serum homocysteine levels on folic acid supplementation.
Sources of variability in nicotine and cotinine levels with use of nicotine nasal spray, transdermal nicotine, and cigarette smoking.
Comparison between reproducibility and sensitivity of muscle sympathetic nerve traffic and plasma noradrenaline in man.
Sources of variability in the determination of micronuclei in irradiated peripheral blood lymphocytes.
Reliability of finger stick capillary blood for the lymphocyte micronucleus assay.
Effect of variability of plasma interferences on the accuracy of drug immunoassays.
Variability of plasma HDL subclass concentrations in men and women over time.
Color Doppler imaging of ophthalmic artery blood flow velocity: a study of repeatability and agreement.
Monitoring of left ventricular ejection fraction with a miniature, nonimaging nuclear detector: accuracy and reliability over time with special reference to blood labeling.
Variability in cerebral blood flow velocity: observations over one minute in preterm babies.
Intraindividual variability in bone markers in the urine.
Intra- and interindividual variation in urine osmolality and urine specific gravity in healthy pet dogs of various ages.
The reliability of urinary albumin assay by immunonephelometry in the clinical practice. The critical role of medical surveillance on laboratory routine.
Validity and reproducibility of electrical impedance tomography for measurement of calf blood flow in healthy subjects.
Variability of glutathione levels in normal breast tissue and subcutaneous fat during the menstrual cycle: an in vivo study with microdialysis technique.
Reliability of anion gap as an indicator of blood lactate in critically ill patients.
An investigation into variability in microvascular skin blood flow and the responses to transdermal delivery of acetylcholine at different sites in the forearm and hand.
Variability of the adaptive response to low dose radiation in peripheral blood lymphocytes of twins and unrelated donors.
Quantifying estrogen metabolism: an evaluation of the reproducibility and validity of enzyme immunoassays for 2-hydroxyestrone and 16alpha-hydroxyestrone in urine.
Reproducibility of urinary beta 2-microglobulin and cadmium excretion among residents in a cadmium-polluted area during a 3-year period.
Intra-individual variability of fibrinogen levels.
Inter- and intraindividual variation in dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase activity in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Instrumental variability of respiratory blood gases among different blood gas analysers in different laboratories.
Non-invasive blood glucose monitoring by means of near infrared spectroscopy: methods for improving the reliability of the calibration models.
Reproducibility of retinal and optic nerve head blood flow measurements with scanning laser Doppler flowmetry.
Pulsatile ocular blood flow measurements in healthy eyes: reproducibility and reference values.
Interindividual variability of enkephalin-degrading enzymes in human plasma.
T-cell receptor beta chain variability in bone marrow and peripheral blood in severe acquired aplastic anemia.
Temporal variability in immunological parameters: peripheral blood mononuclear cell subsets, serum immunoglobulins, and soluble markers of immune system activation.
Regional cerebral blood flow measurement with iodine-123-IMP autoradiography: normal values, reproducibility and sensitivity to hypoperfusion.
Effect of artifacts due to flowing blood on the reproducibility of phase-contrast measurements of myocardial motion.
Variability of plasma cortisol levels in extremely low birth weight infants.
Blood flow velocity measurements for carotid stenosis estimation: interobserver variation and interequipment variability.
Site-to-site variability of drug concentrations in skeletal muscle.
Detection of serum amyloid A-derived proteins in formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissues: reliability of the method and expansion of its spectrum.
The reproducibility of color Doppler duplex sonography in the measurement of renal arterial blood velocity.
Evaluating measurement variability in clinical investigations: the case of ultrasonic estimation of urinary bladder volume.
Urine collection in the freely moving rat: reliability for measurement of short-term renal effects.
Effects of clozapine on plasma catecholamines and relation to treatment response in schizophrenia: a within-subject comparison with haloperidol.
Reliability of using random urine samples for "spot" determination of fractional excretion of electrolytes in cats.
Fingerstick blood samples in platelet donor screening: reliability and impact on predict yield programs.
Determination of pharmaceuticals in plasma by capillary electrophoresis without sample pretreatment reproducibility, limit of quantitation and limit of detection.
Effects of anatomic variability on blood flow and pressure gradients in the pulmonary capillaries.
Risperidone dose and blood level variability: accumulation effects and interindividual and intraindividual variability in the nonresponder patient in the clinical practice setting.
The role of a triplet repeat sequence of the very low density lipoprotein receptor gene in plasma lipid and lipoprotein level variability in humans.
Interobserver and interstudy variability of myocardial blood flow and flow-reserve measurements with nitrogen 13 ammonia-labeled positron emission tomography.
Interperson variability but intraperson stability of baseline plasma cortisol concentrations, and its relation to feedback sensitivity of the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis to a low dose of dexamethasone in elderly individuals.
The reliability of self-reported blood in urine and schistosomiasis as indicators of Schistosoma haematobium infection in school children: a study in Muheza District, Tanzania.
Variability of cerebral blood flow deficits in 99mTc-HMPAO SPECT in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Growth hormone-binding protein levels over one year in healthy prepubertal children: intraindividual variation and correlation with height velocity.
Inter and intra-individual variations in urinary excretion of pyridinium crosslinks of collagen in healthy young adults.
Components of variability in the systolic blood pressures of preschool children.
Heart rate variability is related to leucocyte count in men and to blood lipoproteins in women in a healthy population of 35-year-old subjects.
Reproducibility of plasma catecholamine metabolites in normal subjects.
Measurement of total serum testosterone levels using commercially available kits: high degree of between-kit variability.
Interindividual variations in cytokine levels following cardiopulmonary bypass.
Variability of peripheral blood lymphocyte beta-2-adrenergic receptor density in humans.
Reliability of procalcitonin concentrations for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill neonates.
Correlation between plasma clozapine concentration and heart rate variability in schizophrenic patients.
Phenotypic variability of lymphocyte populations in peripheral blood and lymph nodes from HIV-infected individuals and the impact of antiretroviral therapy. DATRI 003 Study Group. Division of AIDS Treatment Research Initiative.
Variability and determinants of total homocysteine concentrations in plasma in an elderly population.
Reproducibility of double indicator dilution measurements of intrathoracic blood volume compartments, extravascular lung water, and liver function.
Reproducibility of measurements with a new slit lamp-mounted ocular blood flow tonograph.
Predicting effective drug concentrations for individual patients. Determinants of pharmacodynamic variability.
The large variability in melatonin blood levels in ewes is under strong genetic influence.
Interindividual variation in total and carrier-mediated lactate influx into red blood cells.
Relation of heart rate variability and serum lipoproteins in type 1 diabetes mellitus and chronic stable angina pectoris.
Objective assessment of smoking habits by urinary cotinine measurement in adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes. Reliability of reported cigarette consumption and relationship to urinary albumin excretion.
Within-patient variability of hormone and cytokine concentrations in heart failure.
Clinical evaluation of scanning laser polarimetry: I. Intraoperator reproducibility and design of a blood vessel removal algorithm.
Urinary albumin excretion and heart rate variability in obese women.
Within- and between-day variability in transcutaneous Doppler ultrasound measurements of superior mesenteric artery blood flow (SMABF) in the fasted state.
Sensitivity and reproducibility of RT-PCR to detect Borna disease virus (BDV) RNA in blood: implications for BDV epidemiology.
Biostat 1000 and Daugirdas blood-based hemodialysis quantification: agreement and reproducibility.
Accuracy and reproducibility of blood lead testing in commercial laboratories.
Contribution of renal nerves to renal blood flow variability during hemorrhage.
Long-term intraindividual variability of serum lipids in patients with type I and type II diabetes.
Unacceptably high site variability in postmortem blood alcohol analysis.
Determinants of interindividual variation of renin and prorenin concentrations: evidence for a sexual dimorphism of (pro)renin levels in humans.
Short-term variability and sampling distribution of various parameters of urinary albumin excretion in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Reliability of the western ligand blot method for the simultaneous relative estimations of serum insulin-like growth factor binding proteins (IGFBPs).
Long-term variability of serum lipoprotein(a) concentrations in healthy fertile women.
Short-term variability in the concentration of serum interleukin-6 and its soluble receptor in subjectively healthy persons.
Differences and variability in plasma noradrenaline between depressive and anxiety disorders.
Evaluation of intra- and interindividual variation of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Functional MRI studies of word-stem completion: reliability across laboratories and comparison to blood flow imaging with PET.
Variability in the interpretation of dimercaptosuccinic acid scintigraphy after urinary tract infection in children.
Measurement of blood volume using indocyanine green measured with pulse-spectrophotometry: its reproducibility and reliability.
Human cardiovascular variability, baroreflex and hormonal adaptations to a blood donation.
Reliability of peak-lactate, heart rate, and plasma volume following the Wingate test.
Plucked hair samples as a source of DNA: reliability of dinucleotide microsatellite genotyping.
Variability in urinary flow rate and prostate volume: an investigation using the placebo arm of a drug trial.
Reproducibility of ultrasonic fetal volume blood flow measurements.
Reliability of serum measurements of lignans and isoflavonoid phytoestrogens over a two-year period.
Variability of abdominal adipose tissue measurements using computed tomography in prepubertal girls.
Collagen N-telopeptide excretion in men: the effects of age and intrasubject variability.
Variability in repeated consecutive measurements of plasma human immunodeficiency virus RNA in persons receiving stable nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor therapy or no treatment.
Variability in plasma prothrombin concentration: implications for use in epidemiology.
Serum eosinophil cationic protein: distribution and reproducibility in a randomly selected sample of men living in rural Norfolk, UK.
Variability of serum antibody responses of goat kids to a commercial Clostridium perfringens epsilon toxoid vaccine.
U-shape relationship between change in dietary cholesterol absorption and plasma lipoprotein responsiveness and evidence for extreme interindividual variation in dietary cholesterol absorption in humans.
The Ala/Val98 polymorphism of the hepatocyte nuclear factor-1alpha gene contributes to the interindividual variation in serum C-peptide response during an oral glucose tolerance test: evidence from studies of 231 glucose-tolerant first degree relatives of type 2 diabetic probands.
Reproducibility of the low dose dexamethasone suppression test: comparison between direct plasma and salivary cortisol assays.
Transcranial color Doppler sonography of basal cerebral arteries in 182 healthy subjects: age and sex variability and normal reference values for blood flow parameters.
Reproducibility and performance of the second-generation branched-DNA assay in routine quantification of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 RNA in plasma.
Xanthine oxidase inhibition by allopurinol affects the reliability of urinary caffeine metabolic ratios as markers for N-acetyltransferase 2 and CYP1A2 activities.
Reliability of taurine concentrations measured in single urine samples obtained from dogs eight hours after eating.
Interindividual variation of plasma haloperidol concentrations and the impact of concomitant medications: the analysis of therapeutic drug monitoring data.
Variability of glutathione S-transferase alpha in human liver and plasma.
Intraindividual variations of DNA adduct levels in humans.
Laboratory assay reproducibility of serum estrogens in umbilical cord blood samples.
Influence of local tumour stage and grade on reliability of serum prostate-specific antigen in predicting skeletal metastases in patients with adenocarcinoma of the prostate.
Frequency domain heart rate variability and plasma norepinephrine level in the coronary sinus during handgrip exercise.
Can changes in plasma insulin concentration explain the variability in leptin response to weight loss in obese women with normal glucose tolerance?
Day-to-day variability of fasting plasma glucose in newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic subjects.
Reproducibility of fasting plasma leptin concentration in lean and obese humans.
The reliability of medication inventory methods compared to serum levels of cardiovascular drugs in the elderly.
Demographic, dietary and lifestyle factors differentially explain variability in serum carotenoids and fat-soluble vitamins: baseline results from the sentinel site of the Olestra Post-Marketing Surveillance Study.
Intra-individual variation of plasma lipids and lipoproteins in prepubescent children.
Morning spot and 24-hour urinary 6 beta-hydroxycortisol to cortisol ratios: intraindividual variability and correlation under basal conditions and conditions of CYP 3A4 induction.
Biochemical monitoring of treatment for galactosaemia: biological variability in metabolite concentrations.
Reproducibility of plasma angiotensin-converting enzyme activity in human subjects determined by fluorimetry with Z-phenylalanine-histidyl-leucine as substrate.
Mitochondrial DNA in human hair shafts--existence of intra-individual differences?
Low reproducibility of maximum urinary flow rate determined by portable flowmetry.
Precision, accuracy, and reliability of hemoglobin assessment with use of capillary blood.
The long-term biological variability of fasting plasma glucose and serum fructosamine in healthy Beagle dogs.
Reproducibility of detection of tyrosinase and MART-1 transcripts in the peripheral blood of melanoma patients: a quality control study using real-time quantitative RT-PCR.
Natural variability of circulating levels of cytokines and cytokine receptors in patients with heart failure: implications for clinical trials.
Cytokine and immunoglobulin concentrations in cervical secretions: reproducibility of the Weck-cel collection instrument and correlates of immune measures.
Biological variability and reference intervals for total plasma homocysteine.
Influence of renal biomarker variability on the design and interpretation of occupational or environmental studies.
Effects of intragenic variability at 3 polymorphic sites of the apolipoprotein B gene on serum lipids and lipoproteins in a multiethnic Asian population.
Plasma post-heparin lipase activities in the HERITAGE Family Study: the reproducibility, gender differences, and associations with lipoprotein levels. HEalth, RIsk factors, exercise Training and GEnetics.
Reproducibility and validity of radioimmunoassays for urinary hormones and metabolites in pre- and postmenopausal women.
Test-retest reliability of the cough stress test in the evaluation of urinary incontinence.
Reliability of laser Doppler flowmetry in a 2-probe assessment of pulpal blood flow.
Relations between individual and neighborhood-based measures of socioeconomic position and bone lead concentrations among community-exposed men: the Normative Aging Study.
Heart rate variability and plasma catecholamines in patients during opioid detoxification.
Intraindividual variations of total and percent free serum prostatic-specific antigen levels in patients with normal digital rectal examination.
Heart rate variability and plasma lipids in men with and without ischaemic heart disease.
Variability of fasting and post-methionine plasma homocysteine levels in normo- and hyperhomocysteinaemic individuals.
Ratio of serum gamma-GT/ALT rather than ISDR variability is predictive for initial virological response to IFN-alpha in chronic HCV infection.
Intra-individual variability and influence of urine collection period on dextromethorphan metabolic ratios in healthy subjects.
Target-controlled infusion of alfentanil for postoperative analgesia: contribution of plasma protein binding to intra-patient and inter-patient variability.
Heart rate variability and fatty acid content of blood cell membranes: a dose-response study with n-3 fatty acids.
Within-person variation of plasma homocysteine and effects of posture and tourniquet application.
Reproducibility and biomarker-based validity and responsiveness of a food frequency questionnaire to estimate protein intake.
The contribution of assay variation and biological variation to the total variability of plasma HIV-1 RNA measurements. The Women Infant Transmission Study Clinics. Virology Quality Assurance Program.
Reproducibility of lymphoscintigraphic drainage patterns in sequential 99mTc human serum albumin and 99mTc sulfur colloid studies: implications for sentinel node identification in melanoma.
A study of heart rate and heart rate variability in human subjects exposed to occupational levels of 50 Hz circularly polarised magnetic fields.
Regional variability of cerebral blood oxygenation response to hypercapnia.
Reproducibility of resting peripheral blood flow using strain gauge plethysmography.
Reproducibility of plasma and urinary sex hormone levels in premenopausal women over a one-year period.
Time course and reproducibility of urinary excretion profiles of ethanol, methanol, and the ratio of serotonin metabolites after intravenous infusion of ethanol.
CYP2D6 inhibition by fluoxetine, paroxetine, sertraline, and venlafaxine in a crossover study: intraindividual variability and plasma concentration correlations.
Serum CTX: a new marker of bone resorption that shows treatment effect more often than other markers because of low coefficient of variability and large changes with bisphosphonate therapy.
A new ELISA kit for measuring urinary 2-hydroxyestrone, 16alpha-hydroxyestrone, and their ratio: reproducibility, validity, and assay performance after freeze-thaw cycling and preservation by boric acid.
Measurement of blood flow in the vertebral artery using colour duplex Doppler ultrasound: establishment of the reliability of selected parameters.
Menstrual cycle dependent variability for serum tumor markers CEA, AFP, CA 19-9, CA 125 and CA 15-3 in healthy women.
Computerized measurement of LDL particle size in human serum. Reproducibility studies and evaluation of LDL particle size in relation to metabolic variables and the occurrence of atherosclerosis.
Freezing method affects the concentration and variability of urine proteins and the interpretation of data on microalbuminuria. The Oxford Regional Prospective Study Group.
Normal and abnormal day-to-day variability of urinary albumin excretion in control and diabetic subjects.
Reproducibility of the seven-day voiding diary in women with stress urinary incontinence.
Variability in methotrexate serum and cerebrospinal fluid pharmacokinetics in children with acute lymphocytic leukemia: relation to assay methodology and physiological variables.
Variability of Doppler ultrasound measurements of hindlimb blood flow in conscious horses.
Biological variability of serum and urinary N-telopeptides of type I collagen in postmenopausal women.
High genetic variability of the group-specific a-determinant of hepatitis B virus surface antigen (HBsAg) and the corresponding fragment of the viral polymerase in chronic virus carriers lacking detectable HBsAg in serum.
Increased morbidity and high variability of cyclosporine levels in pediatric heart transplant recipients.
Five-year intra-individual variability in C-reactive protein levels in a Japanese population-based study: the Jichi Medical School Cohort Study at Yamato, 1993-1998.
Reproducibility of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) protease and reverse transcriptase sequencing of plasma samples from heavily treated HIV-1-infected individuals.
Within- and between-subject variations in pharmacokinetic parameters of ethanol by analysis of breath, venous blood and urine.
Institutional variability in red blood cell conservation practices for coronary artery bypass graft surgery. Institutions of the MultiCenter Study of Perioperative Ischemia Research Group.
Reproducibility studies and interlaboratory concordance for androgen assays in female plasma.
Variability of relative blood volume during haemodialysis.
Reliability of fatty acid composition in human serum phospholipids.
Repeatability of Doppler ultrasound measurements of hindlimb blood flow in halothane anaesthetised horses.
Reliability of the heparin management test for monitoring high levels of unfractionated heparin: in vitro findings in volunteers versus in vivo findings during cardiopulmonary bypass.
The statistical variability of blood alcohol concentration measurements in drink-driving cases.
Uncoupling protein-2 and -3 messenger ribonucleic acids in adipose tissue and skeletal muscle of healthy males: variability, factors affecting expression, and relation to measures of metabolic rate.
Interobserver variability of cisternal blood on CT after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Fasting plasma glucose variability predicts 10-year survival of type 2 diabetic patients: the Verona Diabetes Study.
Analysis and reliability of data from 24-hour frequency-volume charts in men with lower urinary tract symptoms due to benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Analytical sensitivity, reproducibility of results, and clinical performance of five PCR assays for detecting Chlamydia pneumoniae DNA in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Reproducibility and use of low-concentration skin prick test.
Reliability of analytical methods for determining anthocyanins in blood orange juices.
Accuracy of plasma HIV RNA quantification: a multicentre study of variability.
Determinants of within-subject variation of fasting serum leptin concentrations in healthy subjects.
Oxygen consumption, blood lactate and inter-individual variation in the gulf killifish, Fundulus grandis, during hypoxia and recovery.
Assessing estradiol in biobehavioral studies using saliva and blood spots: simple radioimmunoassay protocols, reliability, and comparative validity.
The use of human ultralente is limited by great intraindividual variability in overnight plasma insulin profiles.
Feasibility of a novel blood noise reduction algorithm to enhance reproducibility of ultra-high-frequency intravascular ultrasound images.
Inter- and intra-individual variation in plasma and red blood cell vitamin E after supplementation.
Reproducibility of laser Doppler imaging of skin blood flow as a tool to assess endothelial function.
Human variability in mercury toxicokinetics and steady state biomarker ratios.
Variability of pressure-flow studies in men with lower urinary tract symptoms.
Variability of standard clinical protein assays in the analysis of a model urine solution of fragmented albumin.
Variability in CD34+ cell counts in umbilical cord blood: implications for cord blood transplants.
A preliminary evaluation of intra- and interindividual variations of hOGG1 messenger RNA levels in peripheral blood cells as determined by a real-time polymerase chain reaction technique.
Prediction of interindividual variation in drug plasma levels in vivo from individual enzyme kinetic data and physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling.
Variability of erythrocyte and serum lithium levels correlates with therapist treatment adherence efforts and maintenance treatment outcome.
Kinetic parameters and intraindividual fluctuations of ochratoxin A plasma levels in humans.
A pathway model of lipid metabolism to predict the effect of genetic variability on lipid levels.
Variability of tear protein levels in normal young adults: between-day variation.
Bayesian estimation of variability in adipose tissue blood flow in man by physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling of inhalation exposure to toluene.
Distribution and repeatability of faecal egg counts and blood parameters in dairy goats naturally infected with gastrointestinal nematodes.
Reliability assessment of soluble c-erbB-2 concentrations in the saliva of healthy women and men.
Reliability of the urinalysis for predicting urinary tract infections in young febrile children.
Reliability assessment of the bladder diary for urinary incontinence in older women.
Saliva as a medium for investigating intra- and interindividual differences in sex hormone levels in premenopausal women.
The repeatability of serum carotenoid, retinoid, and tocopherol concentrations in specimens of blood collected 15 years apart.
Role of variability in microvascular resistance on fractional flow reserve and coronary blood flow velocity reserve in intermediate coronary lesions.
The variability of compensatory erythropoiesis in repeated autologous blood donation.
Short-term variability in the measurement of plasma homocysteine, fasting and post-methionine loading.
Valproic acid has temporal variability in urinary clearance of metabolites.
Reliability of spot samples for assessment of urinary excretion of pyridinoline in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Interspecific variability of prevalence in blood parasites of adult passerine birds during the breeding season in Alaska.
Hemodynamic reproducibility during blood flow measurements of hemodialysis synthetic grafts.
High degree of interlaboratory reproducibility of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 protease and reverse transcriptase sequencing of plasma samples from heavily treated patients.
Allergen-induced changes in interleukin 1 beta (IL-1 beta) mRNA expression by human blood-derived dendritic cells: inter-individual differences and relevance for sensitization testing.
Variability of blood-brain ratios of phenylalanine in typical patients with phenylketonuria.
PrimeScreen, a brief dietary screening tool: reproducibility and comparability with both a longer food frequency questionnaire and biomarkers.
Decreasing the variability observed in urine analysis.
Effect of tourniquet pressure and intra-individual variability on plasma fibrinogen, platelet P-selectin and monocyte tissue factor.
Interobserver and intraobserver reproducibility of peripheral blood and oxygen pressure measurements in the assessment of lower extremity arterial disease.
Magnitude and variability of sequential estradiol and progesterone concentrations in women using depot medroxyprogesterone acetate for contraception.
Power spectrum analysis of heart rate and blood flow velocity variability measured in the umbilical and uterine arteries in early pregnancy: a comparative study.
Examination of the validity and reliability of the Accusport blood lactate analyser.
Intraobserver reproducibility of Doppler measurements of uterine artery blood flow velocity in premenopausal women.
Reliability of homeless women's reports: concordance between hair assay and self report of cocaine use.
Reproducibility of ultrasound blood flow measurement of the superior mesenteric artery before and after exercise.
Using isothiocyanate excretion as a biological marker of Brassica vegetable consumption in epidemiological studies: evaluating the sources of variability.
Measurement variability of plasma beta-sitosterol and campesterol, two new biomarkers for cancer prevention.
Reliability and validity of commercially available, direct radioimmunoassays for measurement of blood androgens and estrogens in postmenopausal women.
Variability in platelet responses to collagen--comparison between whole blood perfusions, traditional platelet function tests and PFA-100.
Cardiovascular regulation in TGR(mREN2)27 rats: 24h variation in plasma catecholamines, angiotensin peptides, and telemetric heart rate variability.
Nelfinavir plasma levels under twice-daily and three-times-daily regimens: high interpatient and low intrapatient variability.
Variability of splanchnic blood flow in patients with sepsis.
Inter- and intra-individual sources of variation in levels of urinary styrene metabolites.
On the correlation between individual biochemical parameters of human blood serum following space flight and their basal values.
Reliability of delayed prothrombin time INR determinations in a central laboratory using off-site blood sampling.
Reliability of cerebral blood flow measurements by transcerebral double-indicator dilution technique.
Ocular blood flow tonometer reproducibility: the effect of operator experience and mode of application.
Variability in aflatoxin-albumin adduct levels and effects of hepatitis B and C virus infection and glutathione S-transferase M1 and T1 genotype.
Validity and reproducibility of ultrasonography for the measurement of intra-abdominal adipose tissue.
Validity and reproducibility of a self-administered food-frequency questionnaire to assess isoflavone intake in a japanese population in comparison with dietary records and blood and urine isoflavones.
Variability of viral load in plasma of rhesus monkeys inoculated with simian immunodeficiency virus or simian-human immunodeficiency virus: implications for using nonhuman primate AIDS models to test vaccines and therapeutics.
Reproducibility of blood lactate-anchored ratings of perceived exertion.
Doppler sonographic measurements of arterial blood flow and their repeatability in the equine foot during weight bearing and non-weight bearing.
Inter- and intraindividual variability of riluzole serum concentrations in patients with ALS.
Induction of DNA-strand breaks in human peripheral blood lymphocytes and A549 lung cells by sodium dichromate: association with 8-oxo-2-deoxyguanosine formation and inter-individual variability.
Intra-individual variability in nighttime urine production and functional bladder capacity estimated by home recordings in patients with nocturnal enuresis.
Reproducibility of the brain perfusion index for measuring cerebral blood flow using technetium-99m compounds.
Variability in urinary excretion of bone resorption markers: limitations of a single determination in clinical practice.
Implication of co-measured platelet factor 4 in the reliability of the results of the plasma transforming growth factor-beta 1 measurement.
Genetic variability of the V1 and V2 env domains of SIVcpz-ant and neutralization pattern of plasma viruses in a chimpanzee infected naturally.
Testing the reliability of noninvasive genetic sampling by comparing analyses of blood and fecal samples in Barbary macaques (Macaca sylvanus).
Reproducibility of T2* blood volume and vascular tortuosity maps in cerebral gliomas.
Variability in cimetidine absorption and plasma double peaks following oral administration in the fasted state in humans: correlation with antral gastric motility.
Assessment and recommendations on factors contributing to preanalytical variability of urinary pyridinoline and deoxypyridinoline.
The optimal timing of blood collection during the menstrual cycle for the assessment of endogenous sex hormones: can interindividual differences in levels over the whole cycle be assessed on a single day?
Variability in glucose transporter-1 levels and hexokinase activity in human melanoma.
Increased plasma morphine metabolites in terminally ill cancer patients with delirium: an intra-individual comparison.
Results of the 1999-2000 collaborative exercise and proficiency testing program on mitochondrial DNA of the GEP-ISFG: an inter-laboratory study of the observed variability in the heteroplasmy level of hair from the same donor.
Variability of cerebral blood volume and oxygen extraction: stages of cerebral haemodynamic impairment revisited.
A method for estimating within-patient variability in maximal urinary flow rate adjusted for voided volume.
Biological variability in serum and urinary indices of bone formation and resorption in dogs.
Reliability of serial urine HCG as a biomarker to detect early pregnancy loss.
Reliability and validity of day-to-day blood flow velocity reactivity in a single subject: an fTCD study.
CCR2 and CCR5 genotypes in HIV type 1-infected adolescents: limited contributions to variability in plasma HIV type 1 RNA concentration in the absence of antiretroviral therapy.
A novel bioassay for human somatogenic activity in serum samples supports the clinical reliability of immunoassays.
Pedigree-based quantitative genetic analysis of interindividual variation in circulating levels of IGFBP-3.
Continuous measurement of cerebral blood flow velocity using transcranial Doppler reveals significant moment-to-moment variability of data in healthy volunteers and in patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Reproducibility of urinary phthalate metabolites in first morning urine samples.
Effects of aqua-treadmill exercise on selected blood parameters and on heart-rate variability of horses.
Alu insertions versus blood group plus protein genetic variability in four Amerindian populations.
Reliability of MR imaging-based virtual cystoscopy in the diagnosis of cancer of the urinary bladder.
High variability between results of different in-house tests for cytomegalovirus (CMV) monitoring and a standardized quantitative plasma CMV PCR assay.
Reproducibility of hemispheric blood flow increases during line bisectioning.
Reproducibility of the blood lactate threshold, 4 mmol.l(-1) marker, heart rate and ratings of perceived exertion during incremental treadmill exercise in humans.
Impact of the variability of cyclosporin A trough levels on long-term renal allograft function.
Reproducibility of total cerebral blood flow measurements using phase contrast magnetic resonance imaging.
Reproducibility of left ventricular mass measurement using a half-Fourier black-blood single-shot fast spin-echo sequence within a single breath hold: comparison with a conventional multiple breath-hold segmented gradient echo technique in patients.
An experimental test of the relationship between temporal variability of feeding opportunities and baseline levels of corticosterone in a shorebird.
Observer experience improves reproducibility of color Doppler sonography of orbital blood vessels.
Validity and reliability of an interviewer-administered questionnaire to measure the severity of lower urinary tract symptoms of storage abnormality: the Leicester Urinary Symptom Questionnaire.
Variability in the magnitude of the cerebral blood flow response and the shape of the cerebral blood flow-pressure autoregulation curve during hypotension in normal rats [corrected].
Reproducibility studies and interlaboratory concordance for androgen assays of male plasma hormone levels.
Steady-state concentration of venlafaxine enantiomers: model-based analysis of between-patient variability.
Inter-individual variation, seasonal variation and close correlation of OGG1 and ERCC1 mRNA levels in full blood from healthy volunteers.
Relative cerebral blood volume measurements in intracranial mass lesions: interobserver and intraobserver reproducibility study.
Instability and variability of urinary telopeptides and free crosslinks.
Inter-test reliability of the anti-RESA indices based on ELISA tests using eluates from whole blood spots dried on filter paper.
Cerebral blood flow changes in depressed patients after treatment with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: evidence of individual variability.
Intra- and interindividual variations in urinary concentrations of endogenous gamma-hydroxybutyrate.
Reliability of perfusion MR imaging in symptomatic carotid occlusive disease. Cerebral blood volume, mean transit time and time-to-peak.
Plasma Membrane Lipids Associated with Genetic Variability in Freezing Tolerance and Cold Acclimation of Solanum Species.
Plasma concentrations of the enantiomers of fluoxetine and norfluoxetine: sources of variability and preliminary observations on relations with clinical response.
Pharmacokinetics of tea catechins after ingestion of green tea and (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate by humans: formation of different metabolites and individual variability.
Increasing plasma potassium with amiloride shortens the QT interval and reduces ventricular extrasystoles but does not change endothelial function or heart rate variability in chronic heart failure.
Effect of tibolone administration on heart rate variability and free fatty acid levels in postmenopausal women.
A wide interindividual variability of urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol to free cortisol in 487 healthy Japanese subjects in near basal condition.
Reduction of blood glucose variability in type 1 diabetic patients treated by pancreatic islet transplantation: interest of continuous glucose monitoring.
The importance of plasma apolipoprotein E concentration in addition to its common polymorphism on inter-individual variation in lipid levels: results from Apo Europe.
Prevalence and genomic variability of transfusion transmitted virus in Italian cryptogenic chronic liver disease and healthy blood donors.
European Concerted Action on Anticoagulation (ECAA): International Normalized Ratio variability of CoaguChek and TAS point-of-care testing whole blood prothrombin time monitors.
Reproducibility of the blood flow index as noninvasive, bedside estimation of cerebral blood flow.
Quantitative intra-individual monitoring of BCR-ABL transcript levels in archival bone marrow trephines of patients with chronic myeloid leukemia.
Differential apolipoprotein(a) isoform expression in heterozygosity is an independent contributor to lipoprotein(a) levels variability.
Intra-individual variations of fasting plasma lipids, apolipoproteins and postprandial lipemia in familial combined hyperlipidemia compared to controls.
Evaluation of day-to-day variability of serial blood glucose concentration curves in diabetic dogs.
Reliability of quantitative reverse-transcriptase-PCR-based detection of tumour cells in the blood between different laboratories using a standardised protocol.
Interindividual dose/concentration relationship for methadone in hair.
Assessment of normal variability in peripheral blood gene expression.
Prostate-specific antigen in nipple aspiration fluid: menstrual cycle variability and correlation with serum prostate-specific antigen.
Variability of total phenytoin serum concentrations within elderly nursing home residents.
High variability of plasma drug concentrations in dual protease inhibitor regimens.
Variability in brain and arterial blood temperatures in free-ranging ostriches in their natural habitat.
Fasting plasma glucose variability as a risk factor of retinopathy in Type 2 diabetic patients.
Variability of serum estrogens among postmenopausal women treated with the same transdermal estrogen therapy and the effect on androgens and sex hormone binding globulin.
Reduced heart rate variability in hypertension: associations with lifestyle factors and plasma renin activity.
Circulating levels of tumor necrosis factor correlate with indexes of depressed heart rate variability: a study in patients with mild-to-moderate heart failure.
Variability of post-methionine load plasma homocysteine assays.
Interindividual variations in constitutive interleukin-10 messenger RNA and protein levels and their association with genetic polymorphisms.
Reliability of serum iron, ferritin, nitrite, and association with risk of renal cancer in women.
Review on uremic toxins: classification, concentration, and interindividual variability.
Left ventricular ejection fraction and volumes from gated blood-pool SPECT: comparison with planar gated blood-pool imaging and assessment of repeatability in patients with heart failure.
Simultaneous analysis of naphthols, phenanthrols, and 1-hydroxypyrene in urine as biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure: intraindividual variance in the urinary metabolite excretion profiles caused by intervention with beta-naphthoflavone induction in the rat.
Inter- and intraindividual variation of endotoxin- and beta(1 --> 3)-glucan-induced cytokine responses in a whole blood assay.
Variability and repeatability of retinal blood flow measurements using the Canon Laser Blood Flowmeter.
Interindividual variation of serum haloperidol concentrations in Japanese patients--clinical considerations on steady-state serum level-dose ratios.
The reproducibility of independently measuring human regional hepatic arterial, portal and total hepatic blood flow using [15O]water and positron emission tomography.
Individual variability in cyclosporin A sensitivity: the assessment of functional measures on CD28-mediated costimulation of human whole blood T lymphocytes.
Variability of the International Prostate Symptom Score in men with lower urinary tract symptoms.
Effect of non-hypotensive haemorrhage on plasma catecholamine levels and cardiovascular variability in man.
Clinical diagnosis of bladder outlet obstruction in men with lower urinary tract symptoms: reliability of commonly measured parameters and the role of idiopathic detrusor overactivity.
Respiratory-related arterial pressure variability as an indicator of graded blood loss: involvement of the autonomic nervous system.
Reliability of nucleic acid amplification methods for detection of Chlamydia trachomatis in urine: results of the first international collaborative quality control study among 96 laboratories.
Does physical activity energy expenditure explain the between-individual variation in plasma leptin concentrations after adjusting for differences in body composition?
Interobserver variability of cerebral blood flow measurements obtained using spectral analysis and technetium-99m labeled compounds.
Chromosomal radiosensitivity: a study of the chromosomal G(2) assay in human blood lymphocytes indicating significant inter-individual variability.
Reproducibility over time of measurements of androgens, estrogens and hydroxy estrogens in urine samples from post-menopausal women.
Dose-response relationship and reproducibility of urinary salbutamol excretion during the first 30 min after an inhalation.
Refinement of the association of serum C-reactive protein concentration and coronary heart disease risk by correction for within-subject variation over time: the MONICA Augsburg studies, 1984 and 1987.
Repeatability of ocular blood flow pneumotonometry.
Reproducibility over 5 years of measurements of 6-sulphatoxymelatonin in urine samples from postmenopausal women.
Variability in end-tidal PCO2 and blood gas values in humans.
Reproducibility of plasma insulin kinetics during intraperitoneal insulin treatment by programmable pumps.
Reproducibility over time of the urinary diclofenac/4'-OH diclofenac ratio among different CYP2C9 genotypes.
Reproducibility of the 1998 World Health Organization/International Society of Urologic Pathology classification of papillary urothelial neoplasms of the urinary bladder.
Reproducibility of the circadian rhythms of serum cortisol and melatonin in healthy subjects: a study of three different 24-h cycles over six weeks.
Biological variability of albumin excretion rate and albumin-to-creatinine ratio in hypertensive type 2 diabetic patients.
Marked variability of melphalan plasma drug levels during regional hyperthermic isolated limb perfusion.
[13C]Nandrolone excretion in trained athletes: interindividual variability in metabolism.
Intra- and interindividual variations in steady-state plasma concentrations of risperidone and 9-hydroxyrisperidone in schizophrenic patients treated chronically with various doses of risperidone.
Human variability in the renal elimination of foreign compounds and renal excretion-related uncertainty factors for risk assessment.
Within-person variability of urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol to urinaryl ratios in Caucasian women.
Reliability of erector spinae oxygenation and blood volume responses using near-infrared spectroscopy in healthy males.
The relationship between plasma endothelin-1, nitric oxide levels, and heart rate variability in patients with coronary slow flow.
Reproducibility of SELDI-TOF protein patterns in serum: comparing datasets from different experiments.
The effects of losartan and immobilization stress on heart rate variability and plasma corticosterone levels in rats.
Criterion validity, test-retest reliability and sensitivity to change of the St George Urinary Incontinence Score.
Moderate-intensity resistance exercise training in patients with chronic heart failure improves strength, endurance, heart rate variability, and forearm blood flow.
Fetal heart rate and blood flow velocity variability in the presence of increased nuchal translucency: a preliminary study.
Gated blood pool SPECT improves reproducibility of right and left ventricular Fourier phase analysis in radionuclide angiography.
Reliability of the rapid bedside whole-blood quantitative cardiac troponin T assay in the diagnosis of myocardial injury in patients with acute coronary syndrome.
Reproducibility of circadian retinal and optic nerve head blood flow measurements by Heidelberg retina flowmetry.
Intrapatient variability of efavirenz concentrations as a predictor of virologic response to antiretroviral therapy.
Variability of plasma anti-Xa activities with different lots of enoxaparin.
Initial analysis of variability among basal hormone biomarkers of ovarian reserve.
Ambient particulate air pollution, heart rate variability, and blood markers of inflammation in a panel of elderly subjects.
The variability of liver graft function and urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol to cortisol ratio during liver regeneration in liver transplant recipients.
Interindividual variation in the ratio between plasma morphine and its metabolites in cancer patients.
Within-person variation in serum lipids: implications for clinical trials.
Twelve hour reproducibility of choroidal blood flow parameters in healthy subjects.
Genetic variability of the pattern of night melatonin blood levels in relation to coat changes development in rabbits.
Intra-individual variation of serum prostate specific antigen levels in men with benign prostate biopsies.
Intraindividual variation in serum retinol concentrations among participants in the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1988-1994.
Investigation of the reliability of 24 h urine excretion as a biomarker of isoflavone exposure over time and over a wide range of isoflavone intakes.
Fractional moving blood volume estimation in the fetal lung using power Doppler ultrasound: a reproducibility study.
Reproducibility of blood flow velocity measurements using colour decoded Doppler imaging.
Intra-laboratory analytical variability of biochemical markers of fibrosis (Fibrotest) and activity (Actitest) and reference ranges in healthy blood donors.
Validity and reliability of a questionnaire to measure the impact of lower urinary tract symptoms on quality of life: the Leicester Impact Scale.
A single measurement is inadequate to estimate enterolactone levels in danish postmenopausal women due to large intraindividual variation.
Variability in normative urine flow rates.
Interindividual variation in abdominal subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue: influence of measurement site.
Reliability of hepatitis C virus core antigen assay for detection of viremia in HCV genotypes 1, 2, 3, and 4 infected blood donors: a collaborative study between Japan, Egypt, and Uzbekistan.
Variability and reliability of single serum IGF-I measurements: impact on determining predictability of risk ratios in disease development.
A novel, point-of-care test for lithium levels: description and reliability.
Efavirenz plasma concentrations in HIV-infected patients: inter- and intraindividual variability and clinical effects.
Doppler blood flow velocity waveforms in the fetal renal arteries: variability at proximal and distal sites in the right and left arteries.
Variability of plasma aprotinin concentrations in pediatric patients undergoing cardiac surgery.
Regional cerebral blood flow correlates with heart period and high-frequency heart period variability during working-memory tasks: Implications for the cortical and subcortical regulation of cardiac autonomic activity.
Evaluation of reliability for urine mucopolysaccharidosis screening by dimethylmethylene blue and Berry spot tests.
Examples of the marked variability in the relationship between the serum CA-125 antigen level and cancer-related symptoms in ovarian cancer.
Quantitative justification for target concentration intervention--parameter variability and predictive performance using population pharmacokinetic models for aminoglycosides.
Muscle contraction-induced limb blood flow variability during dynamic knee extensor.
Genetic variation in CYP11B2 and AT1R influences heart rate variability conditional on sodium excretion.
The reliability of horizontally sectioned scalp biopsies in the diagnosis of chronic diffuse telogen hair loss in women.
Quantifying reproducibility for differential proteomics: noise analysis for protein liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry of human serum.
Variability of thyroid blood flow Doppler parameters in healthy women.
Non-invasive biomarkers of oxidative stress: reproducibility and methodological issues.
Temporal variability of urinary levels of nonpersistent insecticides in adult men.
Modified comet assay as a biomarker of sodium dichromate-induced oxidative DNA damage: optimization and reproducibility.
Effects of cigarette smoking and exposure to cadmium and lead on phenotypic variability of hepatic CYP2A6 and renal function biomarkers in men.
Variability in cytokine production and cell proliferation by mitogen-activated ovine peripheral blood mononuclear cells: modulation by interleukin (IL)-10 and IL-12.
Reproducibility and validity of simple questions to identify urinary incontinence in elderly women.
Reproducibility of blood flow and post-occlusive reactive hyperaemia as measured by venous occlusion plethysmography.
Neuroendocrine testing in community patients with heart disease: plasma N-terminal proatrial natriuretic peptide predicts morbidity and mortality stronger than catecholamines and heart rate variability.
Use of fatty acids to explain variability of organochlorine concentrations in eggs and plasma of common terns (Sterna hirundo).
Assessment of variability of renal blood flow Doppler parameters during the menstrual cycle in women.
Interindividual and intraindividual variability of the urinary 6beta-Hydroxycortisol/Cortisol ratio in Chinese subjects: implications of its use for evaluating CYP3A activity.
Prepartum plasma estradiol and postpartum cortisol, but not oxytocin, are associated with interindividual and breed differences in the expression of maternal behaviour in sheep.
LC-MS/MS analysis of dextromethorphan metabolism in human saliva and urine to determine CYP2D6 phenotype and individual variability in N-demethylation and glucuronidation.
Effects of concomitant fluvoxamine on the plasma concentration of etizolam in Japanese psychiatric patients: wide interindividual variation in the drug interaction.
Temporal variability of urinary phthalate metabolite levels in men of reproductive age.
Genetic variants of ApoE account for variability of plasma low-density lipoprotein and apolipoprotein B levels in FHBL.
Stable isotopes in breath, blood, feces and feathers can indicate intra-individual changes in the diet of migratory songbirds.
Determinants of temporal variability in NHEXAS-Maryland environmental concentrations, exposures, and biomarkers.
Evaluation of serum protein profiling by surface-enhanced laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry for the detection of prostate cancer: I. Assessment of platform reproducibility.
Reliability of urinary tests for antibody to Helicobacter pylori in patients with pulmonary tuberculosis.
High reproducibility of serum anti-Mullerian hormone measurements suggests a multi-staged follicular secretion and strengthens its role in the assessment of ovarian follicular status.
Lower within-subject variability of fasting blood glucose and reduced weight gain with insulin detemir compared to NPH insulin in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Evaluation of the orthogonal projection on latent structure model limitations caused by chemical shift variability and improved visualization of biomarker changes in 1H NMR spectroscopic metabonomic studies.
Metabolism of antioxidant and chemopreventive ellagitannins from strawberries, raspberries, walnuts, and oak-aged wine in humans: identification of biomarkers and individual variability.
Cytochrome P450 1A1 and 1B1 in human blood lymphocytes are not suitable as biomarkers of exposure to dioxin-like compounds: polymorphisms and interindividual variation in expression and inducibility.
Measurement reproducibility in the early stages of biomarker development.
A low protein diet causes an increase in the basal levels and variability of mean arterial pressure and heart rate in Fisher rats.
Assessment of the long-term reproducibility of baseline and dobutamine-induced myocardial blood flow in patients with stable coronary artery disease.
Cerebral blood flow volume measurements with ultrasound: Interobserver reproducibility in preterm and term neonates.
Signal in noise: evaluating reported reproducibility of serum proteomic tests for ovarian cancer.
Multislice computed tomography-urography: intraindividual comparison of different preparation techniques for optimized depiction of the upper urinary tract in an animal model.
Dose dependency and individual variability in selected clinical, haematological and blood biochemical responses after systemic lipopolysaccharide challenge in cattle.
Fatigue-related impairment in the speed, accuracy and variability of psychomotor performance: comparison with blood alcohol levels.
Numbers of antral follicles during follicular waves in cattle: evidence for high variation among animals, very high repeatability in individuals, and an inverse association with serum follicle-stimulating hormone concentrations.
The association between blood metal concentrations and heart rate variability: a cross-sectional study.
Effects of chronic sleep deprivation on autonomic activity by examining heart rate variability, plasma catecholamine, and intracellular magnesium levels.
Variability of serum levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin 6, and soluble interleukin 6 receptor over 2 years in young women.
Inter-individual and intra-individual variability in TNF-alpha production by human peripheral blood cells in vitro.
Intraindividual variation in total and percent free prostate-specific antigen levels in prostate cancer suspects.
Assessment of the reliability of plasma electrophoresis in birds.
Significant intestinal excretion, one source of variability in pharmacokinetics of COL-3, a chemically modified tetracycline.
Preanalytical variability in laboratory testing: influence of the blood drawing technique.
Should minimal blood glucose variability become the gold standard of glycemic control?
Reproducibility of black-blood coronary vessel wall MR imaging.
Reliability of reporting of self-monitoring of blood glucose in pregnant women.
Variability of total serum immunoglobulin E levels from birth to the age of 10 years. A prospective evaluation in a large birth cohort (German Multicenter Allergy Study).
Short-term variability of biomarkers of proteinase activity in patients with emphysema associated with type Z alpha-1-antitrypsin deficiency.
Renal blood flow measurements with use of phase-contrast magnetic resonance imaging: normal values and reproducibility.
Assessment of intra-individual variation in prostate-specific antigen levels in a biennial randomized prostate cancer screening program in Sweden.
To what extent do variabilities in hormones, metabolites and energy intake explain variability in milk yield?
APOA1/C3/A4 gene cluster variability and lipid levels in Brazilian children.
Relevance and variability of the severity of incontinence, and increased daytime and night-time voiding frequency, associated with quality of life in men with lower urinary tract symptoms.
Entacapone increases levodopa exposure and reduces plasma levodopa variability when used with Sinemet CR.
Normal reference intervals and ranges of side-to-side and day-to-day variability of ocular blood flow Doppler parameters.
Interannual variability in fish biomarkers in a contaminated temperate urban estuary.
Reproducibility of nighttime salivary cortisol and its use in the diagnosis of hypercortisolism compared with urinary free cortisol and overnight dexamethasone suppression test.
The changes in circulating levels of vasoactive intestinal polypeptide during exercise and its reproducibility for detection of myocardial ischemia.
Inter- and intraindividual pharmacokinetic variations of mirtazapine and its N-demethyl metabolite in patients treated for major depressive disorder: a 6-month therapeutic drug monitoring study.
Evidence of genetic variability of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 in plasma and cervicovaginal lavage in ethiopian women seeking care for sexually transmitted infections.
Influence of apolipoprotein E genotype on the reliability of the Friedewald formula in the estimation of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations.
Minimum inhibitory concentrations of tulathromycin against respiratory bacterial pathogens isolated from clinical cases in European cattle and swine and variability arising from changes in in vitro methodology.
Analysis of week-to-week variability in skin blood flow measurements using wavelet transforms.
The reproducibility of left ventricular volume and mass measurements: a comparison between dual-inversion-recovery black-blood sequence and SSFP.
Cytokeratin-20 immunocytology in voided urine exhibits greater sensitivity and reliability than standard cytology in the diagnosis of transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Variability among five over-the-counter blood glucose monitors.
Adhesion, spreading, and aggregation of platelets in flowing blood and the reliability of the retention test Homburg.
The status of failure and reliability testing of artificial blood pumps.
Interseasonal variability in biomarkers of exposure in fish inhabiting a southwestern Australian estuary.
Inter-individual variation in brain phenylalanine concentration in patients with PKU is not caused by genetic variation in the 4F2hc/LAT1 complex.
Variability of Clostridium difficile surface proteins and specific serum antibody response in patients with Clostridium difficile-associated disease.
Control of end-tidal PCO2 reduces middle cerebral artery blood velocity variability: implications for physiological neuroimaging.
Reliability of using reagent test strips to estimate blood urea nitrogen concentration in dogs and cats.
Reliability of human serum protein profiles generated with C8 magnetic beads assisted MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry.
High-affinity antibodies in a new immunoassay for plasma tissue factor: reduction in apparent intra-individual variation.
Alcohol use, urinary cortisol, and heart rate variability in apparently healthy men: Evidence for impaired inhibitory control of the HPA axis in heavy drinkers.
Blood flow in the common carotid artery in term and preterm infants: reproducibility and relation to cardiac output.
Reproducibility and accuracy of measurements of free and total prostate-specific antigen in serum vs plasma after long-term storage at -20 degrees C.
Determinants of glycaemic control in type 1 diabetes during intensified therapy with multiple daily insulin injections or continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion: importance of blood glucose variability.
Restricted intraindividual urinary iodine concentration variability in nonfasting subjects.
Interindividual variability in the absorption of ciprofloxacin and hydrocortisone from continent ileal reservoir for urine.
Systematic evaluation of sample preparation methods for gel-based human urinary proteomics: quantity, quality, and variability.
Reliability of rapid urinary test for antibody to Helicobacter pylori in adult patients with proteinuria.
Genetic variability in BK Virus regulatory regions in urine and kidney biopsies from renal-transplant patients.
Reproducibility of assays for steroid hormones, prolactin and insulin-like growth factor-1 in umbilical cord blood.
Reproducibility of skin testing and serum venom specific IgE in Hymenoptera venom allergy.
Reproducibility of cerebral blood volume measurements by near infrared spectroscopy in 16 healthy elderly subjects.
Intra-individual variations and time trends 1991-2001 in human serum levels of PCB, DDE and hexachlorobenzene.
Relationships between heart rate variability and urinary albumin excretion in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Variability of albumin adducts of 1,4-benzoquinone, a toxic metabolite of benzene, in human volunteers.
Reliability of point-of-care hematocrit, blood gas, electrolyte, lactate and glucose measurement during cardiopulmonary bypass.
Reliability of different blood indices to explore the oxidative stress in response to maximal cycling and static exercises.
Lower heart rate variability is associated with higher serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein concentration in healthy individuals aged 46 years or more.
Analysis of porcine peripheral blood mononuclear cells proteome by 2-DE and MS: analytical and biological variability in the protein expression level and protein identification.
Exhaled nitric oxide in asthma: variability, relation to asthma severity, and peripheral blood lymphocyte cytokine expression.
The role of stable isotopes in human identification: a longitudinal study into the variability of isotopic signals in human hair and nails.
Contribution of clinical correlates and 13 C-reactive protein gene polymorphisms to interindividual variability in serum C-reactive protein level.
Institutional variability in the accuracy of urinary cytology for predicting recurrence of transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Variability of antiepileptic medication taking behaviour in sudden unexplained death in epilepsy: hair analysis at autopsy.
Marked intraindividual variability in antiretroviral concentrations may limit the utility of therapeutic drug monitoring.
Genetic variability at the leptin receptor (LEPR) locus is a determinant of plasma fibrinogen and C-reactive protein levels.
Variability of cerebral hemoglobin concentration in very preterm infants during the first 6 hours of life.
Interindividual variations in DNA adduct levels assessed by analysis of multiple genetic polymorphisms in smokers.
Adiponectin genetic variability, plasma adiponectin, and cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Plasma and liver hepatitis C virus variability in patients coinfected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Analysis of the effect of multiple genetic variants of cardiovascular disease risk on insulin concentration variability in healthy adults of the STANISLAS cohort. The role of FGB-455 G/A polymorphism.
Validity and reliability of parental report of frequency, severity and risk factors of urinary tract infection and urinary incontinence in children.
Reproducibility of plasma steroid hormones, prolactin, and insulin-like growth factor levels among premenopausal women over a 2- to 3-year period.
Variability of ovarian structures and plasma progesterone profiles in dairy cows with ovarian cysts.
PTCA determination in human hair: reliability and analytical aspects.
Reliability of an automatic ultrasound system in the post partum period in measuring urinary retention.
Noninvasive identification of interindividual variation in xenobiotic-metabolizing enzymes: implications for cancer epidemiology and biomarker studies.
Intraindividual variability of plasma antioxidants, markers of oxidative stress, C-reactive protein, cotinine, and other biomarkers.
A stochastic model to assess the variability of blood glucose time series in diabetic patients self-monitoring.
Relation of heart rate variability to serum levels of C-reactive protein in patients with unstable angina pectoris.
Intra- and inter-individual variability in measurements of biomarkers for oxidative damage in vivo: Nutrition and Breast Health Study.
Heart rate variability, hemostatic and acute inflammatory blood parameters in healthy adults after short-term exposure to welding fume.
Reliability of semiquantitative determination of procalcitonin serum concentrations in neonates.
Reliability of Enderlein's darkfield analysis of live blood.
Variability of blood glucose concentration and short-term mortality in critically ill patients.
Reliability of the cloned-enzyme donor immunoassay (CEDIA) for cocaine in human serum in the range between the detection limit and the cut-off.
Reliability of biomarkers of iron status, blood lipids, oxidative stress, vitamin D, C-reactive protein and fructosamine in two Dutch cohorts.
Reproducibility of risk figures in 2nd-trimester maternal serum screening for down syndrome: comparison of 2 laboratories.
High von Willebrand factor levels increase the risk of first ischemic stroke: influence of ADAMTS13, inflammation, and genetic variability.
Increase of plasma fibrinogen levels and variability with age in a sample of middle aged healthy men.
Relationships between pulse wave velocity and heart rate variability in healthy men with a range of moderate-to-vigorous physical activity levels.
Reproducibility of whole-body 131I scan and serum thyrotropin and stimulated thyroglobulin values in patients studied twice after injection of recombinant human thyrotropin.
Discrete MBL-MASP complexes show wide inter-individual variability in concentration: data from UK vs Armenian populations.
Reliability of serum assays of iron status in postmenopausal women.
Serum sex hormone-binding globulin levels show too much variability to be used effectively as a screening marker for insulin resistance in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Interindividual variability in plasma concentrations after systemic exposure of swine to dietary doxycycline supplied with and without paracetamol: a population pharmacokinetic approach.
Individual differences and repeatability of post-prandial changes of plasma-free amino acids in young horses.
Reliability of assessment of urgency and other symptoms indicating anal sphincter, large bowel or urinary dysfunction.
Marked individual variability in the levels of trimethylselenonium ion in human urine determined by HPLC/ICPMS and HPLC/vapor generation/ICPMS.
Intra- and interindividual variation in gene expression in human adipose tissue.
Variability in non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase and protease inhibitor concentrations among HIV-infected adults in routine clinical practice.
Evaluation of a new measure of blood glucose variability in diabetes.
Hypermethylated RASSF1A in maternal plasma: A universal fetal DNA marker that improves the reliability of noninvasive prenatal diagnosis.
Influence of gender and genetic variability on plasma angiotensin peptides.
Serum pro-hepcidin concentrations and their responses to oral iron supplementation in healthy subjects manifest considerable inter-individual variation.
Reliability criteria of a bioassay using rats trained to detect estrus-specific odor in cow urine.
Variability of voriconazole plasma levels measured by new high-performance liquid chromatography and bioassay methods.
Wide variability in laboratory reference values for serum testosterone.
Differences in exercising limb blood flow variability between cardiac and muscle contraction cycle related analysis during dynamic knee extensor.
Comparison of variability in cardiorespiratory measurements following desflurane anesthesia at a multiple of the minimum alveolar concentration for each dog versus a multiple of a single predetermined minimum alveolar concentration for all dogs in a group.
Regression dilution methods for meta-analysis: assessing long-term variability in plasma fibrinogen among 27,247 adults in 15 prospective studies.
Interannual variability of Black-legged Kittiwake productivity is reflected in baseline plasma corticosterone.
Determinants of the variability of aflatoxin-albumin adduct levels in Ghanaians.
Pharmacokinetic variability of aripiprazole and the active metabolite dehydroaripiprazole in psychiatric patients.
Variability of plasma melatonin level in pony mares (Equus caballus), comparison with the hybrid: mules and with jennies (Equus asinus).
Reliability of urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin as a biomarker in breast cancer.
Polymorphisms in vitamin K-dependent gamma-carboxylation-related genes influence interindividual variability in plasma protein C and protein S activities in the general population.
Variability in non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase and protease inhibitors concentrations among HIV-infected adults in routine clinical practice.
Intra-individual variation in blood flow velocities in cerebral arteries of children with sickle cell disease.
Reliability of 1,9-dimethylmethylene blue tests in comparison to agarose gel electrophoresis for quantification of urinary glycosaminoglycans.
Evaluation of the reproducibility and accuracy of pH-determining devices used to measure urine pH in dogs.
An optimized method for detecting gamma-H2AX in blood cells reveals a significant interindividual variation in the gamma-H2AX response among humans.
Inter- and intra-individual variability in the levels of plasma homovanillic acid in schizophrenic patients.
Variability of parvovirus B19 to inactivation by liquid heating in plasma products.
Triggered replenishment imaging reduces variability of quantitative myocardial contrast echocardiography and allows assessment of myocardial blood flow reserve.
Adverse impact of temperature and humidity on blood glucose monitoring reliability: a pilot study.
A 4-day sodium-controlled diet reduces variability of overnight sodium excretion in free-living normotensive adolescents.
Chronic hyperglycemia but not glucose variability determines HbA1c levels in well-controlled patients with type 2 diabetes.
Assessment of intra- and interobserver reproducibility of rest and cold pressor test-stimulated myocardial blood flow with (13)N-ammonia and PET.
Inter- and intra-individual variations in normal urinary glycine betaine excretion.
The variability of urinary cotinine levels in young children: implications for measuring ETS exposure.
Altered brain-derived neurotrophic factor blood levels and gene variability are associated with anorexia and bulimia.
The effects of surgical levels of sevoflurane and propofol anaesthesia on heart rate variability.
Reliability of white blood cell scan in the follow-up of osteomyelitis.
Variability in the relationship between mean plasma glucose and HbA1c: implications for the assessment of glycemic control.
Population pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic modeling of systemic corticosteroid inhibition of whole blood lymphocytes: modeling interoccasion pharmacodynamic variability.
Day-to-day variability of blood glucose concentration curves generated at home in cats with diabetes mellitus.
Inhibition of intrinsic proteolytic activities moderates preanalytical variability and instability of human plasma.
Intra-individual variability in toenail arsenic concentrations in a Michigan population, USA.
Urinary excretion of 13 dietary flavonoids and phenolic acids in free-living healthy subjects - variability and possible use as biomarkers of polyphenol intake.
Reliability of near-infrared spectroscopy measures of cerebral oxygenation and blood volume during handgrip exercise in nondisabled and traumatic brain-injured subjects.
Variability in hydrocortisone plasma and saliva pharmacokinetics following intravenous and oral administration to patients with adrenal insufficiency.
Variability in apo(a) gene regulatory sequences, compound genotypes, and association with Lp(a) plasma levels.
Reliability and validity of the Incontinence Quality of Life questionnaire in patients with neurogenic urinary incontinence.
Trichotillometry: the reliability and practicality of hair pluckability as a method of nutritional assessment.
Variability of NT-proBNP plasma and urine levels in patients with stable heart failure: a 2-year follow-up study.
Dynamic blood pressure control and middle cerebral artery mean blood velocity variability at rest and during exercise in humans.
The reliability of nipple aspirate and ductal lavage in women at increased risk for breast cancer--a potential tool for breast cancer risk assessment and biomarker evaluation.
Reproducibility of serum sex steroid assays in men by RIA and mass spectrometry.
Repeatability of Doppler ultrasonographic measurement of equine digital blood flow.
Coarse particulate matter (PM2.5-10) affects heart rate variability, blood lipids, and circulating eosinophils in adults with asthma.
Reliability of mini-bronchoalveolar lavage for the measurement of epithelial lining fluid concentrations of tobramycin in critically ill patients.
Partial volume effect compensation for improved reliability of quantitative blood-brain barrier permeability.
Within-individual stability of obesity-related biomarkers among women.
Potential use of biomarkers for analyzing interpopulation and cross-cultural variability in reproductive aging.
Review on uraemic solutes II--variability in reported concentrations: causes and consequences.
The reliability of the frequency-volume chart in assessing lower urinary tract symptoms.
Comparative analysis of interindividual variations in the seminal plasma proteome of fertile men with identification of potential markers for azoospermia in infertile patients.
Evaluation of the effect of heat exposure on the autonomic nervous system by heart rate variability and urinary catecholamines.
Reproducibility of the capsaicin-induced dermal blood flow response as assessed by laser Doppler perfusion imaging.
Part of the interindividual variation in serum testosterone levels in healthy men reflects differences in androgen sensitivity and feedback set point: contribution of the androgen receptor polyglutamine tract polymorphism.
Alterations in the autonomic control of heart rate variability in patients with anorexia or bulimia nervosa: correlations between sympathovagal activity, clinical features, and leptin levels.
Lower heart rate variability is associated with higher plasma concentrations of IL-6 in type 1 diabetes.
Interindividual variability in the concentration-effect relationship of antilymphocyte globulins - a possible influence of FcgammaRIIIa genetic polymorphism.
The rationale for paired pre- and postprandial self-monitoring of blood glucose: the role of glycemic variability in micro- and macrovascular risk.
Within-subject variation of plasma resistin levels over a 1-year period.
Systolic arterial pressure variability reflects circulating blood volume alterations in hemorrhagic shock in rabbits.
Within-day reproducibility of an HPLC-MS-based method for metabonomic analysis: application to human urine.
Reliability of oxidative stress biomarkers in hemodialysis patients: a comparative study.
Variability in postheparin hepatic lipase activity is associated with plasma adiponectin levels in African Americans.
Variability in teicoplanin protein binding and its prediction using serum albumin concentrations.
Human serum albumin (HSA) nanoparticles: reproducibility of preparation process and kinetics of enzymatic degradation.
Genetic variability of human diamine oxidase: occurrence of three nonsynonymous polymorphisms and study of their effect on serum enzyme activity.
The impact of non-model-related variability on blood glucose prediction.
Analysis of the uncertainty in internal dose estimate resulting from biological stochastic variability of excretion.
Reliability of an automatic ultrasound system for detecting postpartum urinary retention after vaginal birth.
Repeatability of central aortic blood pressures measured non-invasively using radial artery applanation tonometry and peripheral pulse wave analysis.
Relating mean blood glucose and glucose variability to the risk of multiple episodes of hypoglycaemia in type 1 diabetes.
Variability of mycophenolate mofetil trough levels in stable kidney transplant patients.
Arterial blood flow of all abdominal-pelvic organs using Doppler ultrasound: range, variability and physiological impact.
Marital status and variability in cortisol excretion in postmenopausal women.
Can a faked cystometry deceive patients in their perception of filling sensations? A study on the reliability of spontaneously reported cystometric filling sensations in patients with non-neurogenic lower urinary tract dysfunction.
Reliability of urinary albumin, total protein, and creatinine assays after prolonged storage: the Family Investigation of Nephropathy and Diabetes.
Gene expression variability in subcutaneous and omental adipose tissue of obese men.
Autonomic nervous system activity during bladder filling assessed by heart rate variability analysis in women with idiopathic overactive bladder syndrome or stress urinary incontinence.
DNA variants, plasma levels and variability of C-reactive protein in myocardial infarction survivors: results from the AIRGENE study.
Variability and predictability of large-volume red blood cell transfusion in cardiac surgery: a multicenter study.
The influence of diagnosis, intra- and inter-person variability on serum and plasma Abeta levels.
Temporal variability in urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites, phytoestrogens and phenols among minority children in the United States.
Genome scan for determinants of serum uric acid variability.
A population-based study in Ghana to investigate inter-individual variation in plasma t-PA and PAI-1.
Reproducibility of blood tests of liver fibrosis in clinical practice.
Changes in plasma free fatty acid levels in septic patients are associated with cardiac damage and reduction in heart rate variability.
Common haplotypes of the C-reactive protein gene and circulating leptin levels influence the interindividual variability in serum C-reactive protein levels. The Segovia study.
Intra-individual variation of plasma adipokine levels and utility of single measurement of these biomarkers in population-based studies.
Ascorbate and dehydroascorbic acid as reliable biomarkers of oxidative stress: analytical reproducibility and long-term stability of plasma samples subjected to acidic deproteinization.
Accuracy and reproducibility of automated estradiol-17beta and progesterone assays using native serum samples: results obtained in the Belgian external assessment scheme.
A preliminary analysis of within-subject variation in human serum oxidative stress parameters as a function of time.
Intraindividual variation in levels of serum testosterone and other reproductive and adrenal hormones in men.
1-Hydroxypyrene concentrations in first morning voids and 24-h composite urine: intra- and inter-individual comparisons.
Assay-dependent variability of serum insulin levels during oral glucose tolerance test: influence on reference intervals for insulin and on cut-off values for insulin sensitivity indices.
Shape variability and classification of human hair: a worldwide approach.
Variability of middle cerebral artery blood flow with hypercapnia in women.
Genetic variability in the SNCA gene influences alpha-synuclein levels in the blood and brain.
Real-time heart rate variability and its correlation with plasma catecholamines during laparoscopic adrenal pheochromocytoma surgery.
Evaluation of reproducibility of protein identification results after multidimensional human serum protein separation.
Higher levels of inflammation factors and greater insulin resistance are independently associated with higher heart rate and lower heart rate variability in normoglycemic older individuals: the Cardiovascular Health Study.
Reproducibility of serum protein profiling by systematic assessment using solid-phase extraction and matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry.
Variability in creatinine excretion in adult diabetic, overweight men and women: consequences on creatinine-based classification of renal disease.
Subtype variability, virological response and drug resistance assessed on dried blood spots collected from HIV patients on antiretroviral therapy in Angola.
Stability and reliability of plasma level of lipid biomarkers and their correlation with dietary fat intake.
Intra-individual variability in efavirenz plasma concentrations supports therapeutic drug monitoring based on quarterly sampling in the first year of therapy.
Large intraindividual variability of olanzapine serum concentrations in adolescent patients.
Reliability of the 24-h sensation-related bladder diary in women with urinary incontinence.
Reproducibility of serum leptin, insulin-like growth factor-I, and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 measurements.
EuroQol EQ-5D and condition-specific measures of health outcome in women with urinary incontinence: reliability, validity and responsiveness.
Temporal variability and predictors of urinary bisphenol A concentrations in men and women.
Relationship between baseline cerebral blood flow and vascular responses to changes in PaCO2 measured by positron emission tomography in humans: implication of inter-individual variations of cerebral vascular tone.
Reliability of plasma carotenoid biomarkers and its relation to study power.
Variability of myocardial blood flow measurements by magnetic resonance imaging in the multi-ethnic study of atherosclerosis.
In Type 1 diabetic patients with good glycaemic control, blood glucose variability is lower during continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion than during multiple daily injections with insulin glargine.
Intraindividual variation in serum thyroid hormones, parathyroid hormone and insulin-like growth factor-1.
Genetic variability of West Nile virus in US blood donors, 2002-2005.
Variability in the pharmacokinetics of intravenous busulphan given as a single daily dose to paediatric blood or marrow transplant recipients.
CYP2A6 and the plasma level of 5-chloro-2, 4-dihydroxypyridine are determinants of the pharmacokinetic variability of tegafur and 5-fluorouracil, respectively, in Japanese patients with cancer given S-1.
Analysis of multiple loci can increase reliability of detection of fetal Y-chromosome DNA in maternal plasma.
Interobserver variability in the assessment of clinical criteria for suspected urinary tract infection in nursing home residents.
The ongoing variability in blood transfusion practices in cardiac surgery.
Effects of cigarette smoking on heart rate variability and plasma N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide in healthy subjects: is there the relationship between both markers?
Photoinstability of S-nitrosothiols during sampling of whole blood: a likely source of error and variability in S-nitrosothiol measurements.
Ethnic and socioeconomic differences in variability in nutritional biomarkers.
Accuracy and reliability of pulse oximetry at different arterial carbon dioxide pressure levels.
Reliability of urine collection pads for routine and metabolic biochemistry in infants and young children.
Coping with a challenging environment: effects of seasonal variability and reproductive status on glucocorticoid concentrations of female baboons (Papio cynocephalus).
Relationship between individual ventilatory response and acute renal water excretion at high altitude.
Reliability of dynamometric passive properties of the pelvic floor muscles in postmenopausal women with stress urinary incontinence.
Concentrations of brominated flame retardants in dust from United Kingdom cars, homes, and offices: causes of variability and implications for human exposure.
Evaluation of time dependence and interindividual differences in benzo[a]pyrene-mediated CYP1A1 induction and genotoxicity in porcine urinary bladder cell cultures.
Reliability of GFR formulas based on serum creatinine, with special reference to the MDRD Study equation.
Evaluation of the repeatability of ultra-performance liquid chromatography-TOF-MS for global metabolic profiling of human urine samples.
99mTc-HMPAO labelled white blood cell scintigraphy in patients with osteoarticular infection: the value of late images for diagnostic accuracy and interobserver reproducibility.
Altered first-pass effects in a liver transplant recipient explained intraindividual variation in calcineurin inhibitor concentrations: a case report.
Evidence for interindividual heterogeneity in the glucose gradient across the human red blood cell membrane and its relationship to hemoglobin glycation.
Immunophenotyping of chicken peripheral blood lymphocyte subpopulations: individual variability and repeatability.
Umbilical venous blood flow measurement: accuracy and reproducibility.
Blocking pterygopalatine arterial blood flow decreases infarct volume variability in a mouse model of intraluminal suture middle cerebral artery occlusion.
Determination of unbound antiretroviral drug concentrations by a modified ultrafiltration method reveals high variability in the free fraction.
CYP2D6 and ABCB1 genetic variability: influence on paroxetine plasma level and therapeutic response.
Large variability of aripiprazole and dehydroaripiprazole serum concentrations in adolescent patients with schizophrenia.
Diagnostic accuracy, reproducibility and robustness of fibrosis blood tests in chronic hepatitis C: a meta-analysis with individual data.
Lower fasting blood glucose, glucose variability and nocturnal hypoglycaemia with glargine vs NPH basal insulin in subjects with Type 1 diabetes.
Reproducibility of energy intake, gastric emptying, blood glucose, plasma insulin and cholecystokinin responses in healthy young males.
Polymorphisms of the SHBG gene contribute to the interindividual variation of sex steroid hormone blood levels in young, middle-aged and elderly men.
Blood glucose variability is associated with mortality in the surgical intensive care unit.
Donor variability in HIV binding to peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Reproducibility of serum pituitary hormones in women.
Interethnic variability of plasma paraoxonase (PON1) activity towards organophosphates and PON1 polymorphisms among Asian populations--a short review.
[Variability of some blood serum beta-globulins in the life cycle of the true sturgeons (Acipenseridae)].
Peripheral MR angiography with blood pool contrast agent: prospective intraindividual comparative study of high-spatial-resolution steady-state MR angiography versus standard-resolution first-pass MR angiography and DSA.
Role of sex and time of blood sampling in SOD1 and SOD2 expression variability.
Proteomic profiling of ovine serum by SELDI-TOF MS: optimisation, reproducibility and feasibility of biomarker discovery using routinely collected samples.
The effect of genetic variation in the type 1 deiodinase gene on the interindividual variation in serum thyroid hormone levels: an investigation in healthy Danish twins.
Physiologic variability of vascular access blood flow for hemodialysis.
Analysis of the interindividual conservation of T cell receptor alpha- and beta-chain variable regions gene in the peripheral blood of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Intraindividual variability in serum micronutrients: effects on reliability of estimated parameters.
Can glycaemic variability, as calculated from blood glucose self-monitoring, predict the development of complications in type 1 diabetes over a decade?
Reproducibility of tumor blood flow quantification with 15O-water PET.
Intra- and interobserver reliability of umbilical vein blood flow.
Genetic and epigenetic variability in the gene for IGFBP-3 (IGFBP3): correlation with serum IGFBP-3 levels and growth in short children born small for gestational age.
Effects of immersion in water containing high concentrations of CO2 (CO2-water) at thermoneutral on thermoregulation and heart rate variability in humans.
Twelve-hour reproducibility of retinal and optic nerve blood flow parameters in healthy individuals.
Interobserver reproducibility in the interpretation of 99mTc-labelled white blood cell scintigraphic images.
Heart rate variability, overnight urinary norepinephrine and C-reactive protein: evidence for the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway in healthy human adults.
Reproducibility of ultrasonic measurements of pelvic floor structures in women suffering from urinary incontinence.
Accuracy and reliability of continuous blood glucose monitor in post-surgical patients.
Variability, heritability and environmental determinants of human plasma N-glycome.
Variability in the plasma concentration of efavirenz and nevirapine is associated with genotypic resistance after treatment interruption.
Pharmacokinetic study of the variability of indinavir drug levels when boosted with ritonavir in HIV-infected children.
DNA variants, plasma levels and variability of interleukin-6 in myocardial infarction survivors: results from the AIRGENE study.
Reproducibility of serum cytokines and growth factors.
A liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry method for the simultaneous measurement of 15 urinary estrogens and estrogen metabolites: assay reproducibility and interindividual variability.
Reproducibility and correlations of multiplex cytokine levels in asymptomatic persons.
QT interval prolongation and decreased heart rate variability in cirrhotic patients: relevance of hepatic venous pressure gradient and serum calcium.
Variability and reproducibility of hepatic FDG uptake measured as SUV as well as tissue-to-blood background ratio using positron emission tomography in healthy humans.
Within-person variation of the plasma concentration of B-type natriuretic peptide: safety range in stable patients with heart failure.
Repeatability of rest and hyperemic myocardial blood flow measurements with 82Rb dynamic PET.
Aortic vessel wall magnetic resonance imaging at 3.0 Tesla: a reproducibility study of respiratory navigator gated free-breathing 3D black blood magnetic resonance imaging.
Sex-related differences in the variability of vascular blood flow in middle-age individuals.
Applicability and reproducibility of biomarkers for the evaluation of anti-inflammatory therapy in allergic rhinitis.
Reliability and validity of the King's Health Questionnaire for lower urinary tract symptoms in both genders.
Reproducibility patterns of plasma norepinephrine and muscle sympathetic nerve traffic in human obesity.
Inter- and intra-individual differences in serum copper and zinc concentrations after feeding different amounts of copper and zinc over two lactations.
Inter- and intra-individual variations of urinary endogenous metabolites in healthy male college students using (1)H NMR spectroscopy.
Levels of urinary human chorionic gonadotrophin (hCG) following conception and variability of menstrual cycle length in a cohort of women attempting to conceive.
Plasma hepcidin concentrations significantly predict interindividual variation in iron absorption in healthy men.
Reliability of self-report versus chart-based prostate cancer, PSA, DRE and urinary symptoms.
Interindividual divergence in the relationship between the values of plasma glucose and hemoglobin A1c in type 2 diabetes.
Interobserver reliability of urine sediment interpretation.
Within-person variability in urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations: measurements from specimens after long-term frozen storage.
Reliability of tumor markers, chemokines, and metastasis-related molecules in serum.
Reproducibility of plasma alkylresorcinols during a 6-week rye intervention study in men with prostate cancer.
Factors associated with variability in outcomes for children hospitalized with urinary tract infection.
Relation of heart rate variability to serum levels of C-reactive protein, interleukin 6, and 10 in patients with sepsis and septic shock.
Variability in biomarkers of arsenic exposure and metabolism in adults over time.
(Pre)analytical imprecision, between-subject variability, and daily variations in serum and urine hepcidin: implications for clinical studies.
Breed-associated variability in serum biochemical analytes in four large-breed dogs.
Reproducibility of cerebral phenylalanine levels in patients with phenylketonuria determined by 1H-MR spectroscopy.
Variability of aortic blood flow predicts fluid responsiveness in spontaneously breathing healthy volunteers.
Repeatability of a dual gradient-recalled echo MRI method for monitoring post-isometric contraction blood volume and oxygenation changes.
Development and reproducibility of a novel high-performance liquid-chromatography monolithic column method for the detection and quantification of trans-indolyl-3-acryloylglycine in human urine.
Comparing methods for accounting for seasonal variability in a biomarker when only a single sample is available: insights from simulations based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin d.
Variability in measurements of blood glucose response to foods in human subjects is not reduced after a standard breakfast.
Observer accuracy and reproducibility of visual estimation of blood loss in obstetrics: how accurate and consistent are health-care professionals?
Cutaneous lycopene and beta-carotene levels measured by resonance Raman spectroscopy: high reliability and sensitivity to oral lactolycopene deprivation and supplementation.
Reliability of an incremental exercise test to evaluate acute blood lactate, heart rate and body temperature responses in Labrador retrievers.
Within-person variability in urinary bisphenol A concentrations: measurements from specimens after long-term frozen storage.
The clinical variability of maternally inherited diabetes and deafness is associated with the degree of heteroplasmy in blood leukocytes.
Variability in diagnosis of clue cells, lactobacillary grading and white blood cells in vaginal wet smears with conventional bright light and phase contrast microscopy.
Genetic variability of HVRII mtDNA in cord blood and respiratory morbidity in children.
Reproducibility and accuracy of quantitative myocardial blood flow assessment with (82)Rb PET: comparison with (13)N-ammonia PET.
The impact of early hypoglycemia and blood glucose variability on outcome in critical illness.
Validation of Alzheimer's disease CSF and plasma biological markers: the multicentre reliability study of the pilot European Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (E-ADNI).
Interindividual variation of maximal blood levels of tacrolimus after its oral administration in hematopoietic cell transplant recipients.
Regulatory T cells in prenatal blood samples: variability with pet exposure and sensitization.
Detecting evidence of luteal activity by least-squares quantitative basal temperature analysis against urinary progesterone metabolites and the effect of wake-time variability.
Intra-individual variations and temporal trends in dioxin levels in human blood 1987-2002.
Brain activation associated with changes in heart rate, heart rate variability, and plasma catecholamines during rectal distention.
Multi-site assessment of the precision and reproducibility of multiple reaction monitoring-based measurements of proteins in plasma.
Effect of oxygen concentration, culture format and donor variability on in vitro chondrogenesis of human adipose tissue-derived stem cells.
Reliability of using urinary and blood trichloroacetic acid as a biomarker of exposure to chlorinated drinking water disinfection byproducts.
Inter-individual variability of plasma PAF-acetylhydrolase activity in ARDS patients and PAFAH genotype.
Strategies for the generation of parametric images of [11C]PIB with plasma input functions considering discriminations and reproducibility.
Institutional variability of intraoperative red blood cell utilization in coronary artery bypass graft surgery.
Reproducibility of same session repeated cystometry and pressure-flow studies in women with symptoms of urinary incontinence.
Cannabis and benzodiazepines as determinants of methadone trough plasma concentration variability in maintenance treatment: a transnational study.
Assessing individual differences in genome-wide gene expression in human whole blood: reliability over four hours and stability over 10 months.
The location of the inferior and superior temporal blood vessels and interindividual variability of the retinal nerve fiber layer thickness.
Seasonal and inter-individual variation in testosterone levels in badgers Meles meles: evidence for the existence of two endocrinological phenotypes.
Sample stability and variability of B-cell subsets in blood from healthy subjects and patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Between-subject variations of transition zone epithelial volume and serum PSA levels in men with benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Predictors of variability in urinary incontinence and overactive bladder symptoms.
Variability, related factors and normal reference value of post-void residual urine in healthy kindergarteners.
Longitudinal studies of cardiac troponin-I concentrations in serum from male Sprague Dawley rats: baseline reference ranges and effects of handling and placebo dosing on biological variability.
A possible mechanism for the differences in efficiency and variability of active metabolite formation from thienopyridine antiplatelet agents, prasugrel and clopidogrel.
Variability of urinary concentrations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolite in general population and comparison of spot, first-morning, and 24-h void sampling.
Variability on red blood cell transfusion practices among Brazilian neonatal intensive care units.
Stability and reproducibility of a single-sample urinary C-peptide/creatinine ratio and its correlation with 24-h urinary C-peptide.
Intra- and interlaboratory variability of allergen-specific IgE levels in atopic dogs in three different laboratories using the Fc-epsilon receptor testing.
Biological variability of blood omega-3 biomarkers.
Influence of systems biology response and environmental exposure level on between-subject variability in breath and blood biomarkers.
Variability analysis of human plasma and cerebral spinal fluid reveals statistical significance of changes in mass spectrometry-based metabolomics data.
Reliability of real-time ultrasound to detect pelvic floor muscle contraction in urinary incontinent women.
Variability in the upper limit of normal for serum alanine aminotransferase levels: a statewide study.
Genetic variability in CRTH2 polymorphism increases eotaxin-2 levels in patients with aspirin exacerbated respiratory disease.
Intra- and inter-tester reproducibility of venous occlusion plethysmography: comparison between a manual and a semi-automatic method of blood flow analysis.
An EIAV field isolate reveals much higher levels of subtype variability than currently reported for the equine lentivirus family.
Reproducibility of fifteen urinary estrogens and estrogen metabolites over a 2- to 3-year period in premenopausal women.
Stability and reproducibility of simultaneously detected plasma and serum cytokine levels in asymptomatic subjects.
Characteristics of autonomic nervous system activity in men with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS): analysis of heart rate variability in men with LUTS.
Reliability of serum and urinary isoflavone estimates.
Colonoscopy-controlled intra-individual comparisons to screen relevant neoplasia: faecal immunochemical test vs. guaiac-based faecal occult blood test.
Formation of the N-methylpyridinium ether derivative of propofol to improve sensitivity, specificity and reproducibility of its detection in blood by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Preoperative autologous blood donation versus intraoperative blood salvage: intraindividual analyses and modeling of efficacy in 1103 patients.
Comparative reproducibility of dermal microvascular blood flow changes in response to acetylcholine iontophoresis, hyperthermia and reactive hyperaemia.
Pleiotropy of C-reactive protein gene polymorphisms with C-reactive protein levels and heart rate variability in healthy male twins.
Clinical pharmacokinetics of the new oral camptothecin gimatecan: the inter-patient variability is related to alpha1-acid glycoprotein plasma levels.
2-D hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography-RP separation in urinary proteomics--minimizing variability through improved downstream workflow compatibility.
Evaluation of the ARCHITECT urine NGAL assay: assay performance, specimen handling requirements and biological variability.
Reliability of fetal sex determination using maternal plasma.
Variability of mercury in urine among Mexican women residing in a mining area.
Randomized crossover study to assess the inter- and intrasubject variability of morning mycophenolic acid concentrations from enteric-coated mycophenolate sodium and mycophenolate mofetil in stable renal transplant recipients.
Variability of mammary blood flow in lactating Holstein-Friesian cows during the first twelve weeks of lactation.
Changes in pulse rate, respiratory rate, blood oxygenation, perfusion index, skin conductance, and their variability induced during and after grounding human subjects for 40 minutes.
Comparison of within- and between-subject variation of serum cystatin C and serum creatinine in children aged 2-13 years.
Variability of C-reactive protein levels among patients with stable coronary artery disease and on statin therapy.
Intra- and inter-individual variations of blood and urinary water-soluble vitamins in Japanese young adults consuming a semi-purified diet for 7 days.
Blood-oxygen level dependent MRI measures of cerebrovascular reactivity using a controlled respiratory challenge: reproducibility and gender differences.
Contribution of serial and parallel microperfusion to spatial variability in pulmonary inter- and intra-acinar blood flow.
Assessing variability and comparing short-term biomarkers of styrene exposure using a repeated measurements approach.
Amino acid delta13C analysis of hair proteins and bone collagen using liquid chromatography/isotope ratio mass spectrometry: paleodietary implications from intra-individual comparisons.
Evaluation of stress systems by applying noninvasive methodologies: measurements of neuroimmune biomarkers in the sweat, heart rate variability and salivary cortisol.
Intra-individual variation in serum C-reactive protein over 4 years: an implication for epidemiologic studies.
Variability of gene expression profiles in human blood and lymphoblastoid cell lines.
Reliability and clinical validity of a Polish version of the CONTILIFE: a quality of life questionnaire for urinary incontinence.
A novel AFM based method for force measurements between individual hair strands.
The effect of genetic variability on the correlation between blood glucose and glycated hemoglobin levels.
Interindividual variations of cerebral blood flow, oxygen delivery, and metabolism in relation to hemoglobin concentration measured by positron emission tomography in humans.
Orthostatic proteinuria and the spectrum of diurnal variability of urinary protein excretion in healthy children.
Analysis of intracellular methotrexate polyglutamates in patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis: effect of route of administration on variability in intracellular methotrexate polyglutamate concentrations.
Improved reliability from a plasma-assisted metal-insulator-metal capacitor comprising a high-k HfO2 film on a flexible polyimide substrate.
Heart rate variability during and after peripheral blood stem cell leukapheresis in autologous transplant patients and allogeneic transplant donors.
Reproducibility of plasma and urine biomarkers among premenopausal and postmenopausal women from the Nurses' Health Studies.
Repeatable intra-individual variation in plasma testosterone concentration and its sex-specific link to aggression in a social lizard.
Blood oxygen level-dependent signal variability is more than just noise.
Renal arterial blood flow measurement by breath-held MRI: Accuracy in phantom scans and reproducibility in healthy subjects.
Intra- and inter-operator repeatability of myocardial blood flow and myocardial flow reserve measurements using rubidium-82 pet and a highly automated analysis program.
Heart-rate variability and blood-lactate threshold interaction during progressive resistance exercise in healthy older men.
Natural progression of blood-induced joint damage in patients with haemophilia: clinical relevance and reproducibility of three-dimensional gait analysis.
Within-subject transformations of PET regional cerebral blood flow data: ANCOVA, ratio, and Z-score adjustments on empirical data.
Multi analyte profiling and variability of inflammatory markers in blood and induced sputum in patients with stable COPD.
Temporal reproducibility of taurine measurements in frozen serum of healthy postmenopausal women.
The effect of fasting plasma glucose variability on the risk of retinopathy in type 2 diabetic patients: retrospective long-term follow-up.
Reliability of red blood cell indices and formulas to discriminate between beta thalassemia trait and iron deficiency in children.
Reliability of spot urine samples in assessing arsenic exposure.
Repeatability and individual correlates of microbicidal capacity of bird blood.
Quality of life in patients with multiple sclerosis and urinary disorders: reliability and validity of Turkish-language version of Incontinence Quality of Life Scale.
Evaluation of error levels in hemoglobin A1c and glycated albumin in type 2 diabetic patients due to inter-individual variability.
Characteristics of plasma NOx levels in severe sepsis: high interindividual variability and correlation with illness severity, but lack of correlation with cortisol levels.
Variability of estradiol concentration in normal dogs.
Reliability of fasting plasma alkylresorcinol concentrations measured 4 months apart.
The reliability of using urinary biomarkers to estimate children's exposures to chlorpyrifos and diazinon.
Serum albumin-bound proteomic signature for early detection and staging of hepatocarcinoma: sample variability and data classification.
Repeatability of feed efficiency, carcass ultrasound, feeding behavior, and blood metabolic variables in finishing heifers divergently selected for residual feed intake.
Effect of targeting normal fasting glucose levels with basal insulin glargine on glycaemic variability and risk of hypoglycaemia: a randomized, controlled study in patients with early Type 2 diabetes.
Heart rate variability and urinary catecholamines from job stress in korean male manufacturing workers according to work seniority.
Reproducibility of black blood dynamic contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging in aortic plaques of atherosclerotic rabbits.
Reliability of anion gap calculated from data obtained using a blood gas analyzer: is the probability of error predictable?
Variability of biomarkers in volunteer studies: The biological component.
Close relationship between strict blood glucose control, including suppression of blood glucose variability, and mortality reduction in acutely ill patients with glucose intolerance investigated by means of a bedside-type artificial pancreas.
Estimation of the interindividual variability of cytochrome 2D6 activity from urinary metabolic ratios in the literature.
Renal function equations before and after living kidney donation: a within-individual comparison of performance at different levels of renal function.
Measuring the intra-individual variability of the plasma proteome in the chicken model of spontaneous ovarian adenocarcinoma.
Changes and variability in high levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol among children.
Variability of serum oxidative stress biomarkers relative to biochemical data and clinical parameters of glaucoma patients.
Intra-individual variability in serum hepcidin precludes its use as a marker of iron status in hemodialysis patients.
Quantification of day-to-day variability in growth hormone levels in acromegaly.
Goal-directed fluid management based on the pulse oximeter-derived pleth variability index reduces lactate levels and improves fluid management.
Interobserver reproducibility in the diagnosis of invasive micropapillary carcinoma of the urinary tract among urologic pathologists.
Influence of high- and low-carbohydrate diet following glycogen-depleting exercise on heart rate variability and plasma catecholamines.
The relationship between variability in serum C-reactive protein levels in sows and their offspring and the values of selected blood indices.
Intra- and interoperator reliability of manual and semi-automated measurement of fetal nuchal translucency by sonographers with different levels of experience.
Variability over 1 week in the urinary concentrations of metabolites of diethyl phthalate and di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate among eight adults: an observational study.
Integrating variability in half-lives and dietary intakes to predict mercury concentration in hair.
Reproducibility of the gadolinium concentration measurements and of the fitting parameters of the vascular input function in the superior sagittal sinus in a patient population.
Utilization of base deficit and reliability of base deficit as a surrogate for serum lactate in the peri-operative setting.
Reliability of self-reported nicotine use as determined by serum cotinine levels in patients referred for liver transplantation.
The relationship between aminoterminal propeptide of type III procollagen and heart rate variability parameters in heart failure patients: a potential serum marker to evaluate cardiac autonomic control and sudden cardiac death.
Repeatability of retrobulbar blood flow velocity measured using color Doppler imaging in the Indianapolis Glaucoma Progression Study.
Reliability and validity of food frequency questionnaire and nutrient biomarkers in elders with and without mild cognitive impairment.
Heart rate variability and biomarkers of systemic inflammation in patients with stable coronary heart disease: findings from the Heart and Soul Study.
HbA₁(c) and mean blood glucose show stronger associations with cardiovascular disease risk factors than do postprandial glycaemia or glucose variability in persons with diabetes: the A1C-Derived Average Glucose (ADAG) study.
Heritability and seasonal variability of vitamin D concentrations in male twins.
Rational design for variability minimization in bioanalytical method validation: illustration with LC-MS/MS assay method for terbinafine estimation in human plasma.
Intra-individual short-term variability of prostate-specific antigen and other kallikrein markers in a serial collection of blood from men under evaluation for prostate cancer.
Factors affecting variability in the urinary biomarker 1,6-hexamethylene diamine in workers exposed to 1,6-hexamethylene diisocyanate.
The effects of fasting plasma glucose variability and time-dependent glycemic control on the long-term risk of retinopathy in type 2 diabetic patients.
Variability in tacrolimus blood levels increases the risk of late rejection and graft loss after solid organ transplantation in older children.
Relationship between serum osteocalcin and glycaemic variability in Type 2 diabetes.
Evaluation of the function of arteriolar opening by variability in microcirculatory blood flow following angiotensin II administration in rats.
Variability of hair coat and skin traits as related to adaptation in Criollo Limonero cattle.
Quantitative analysis of the intra- and inter-individual variability of the normal urinary proteome.
Intra-individual variability of CO₂ breath isotope enrichment compared to blood glucose in the oral glucose tolerance test.
Inter-subject correlation exists between morphological metrics of cerebral blood flow velocity and intracranial pressure pulses.
Performance characteristics of an FT MS-based workflow for label-free differential MS analysis of human plasma: standards, reproducibility, targeted feature investigation, and application to a model of controlled myocardial infarction.
Intra- and interindividual iodine excretion in 24 hours in individuals in southern Brazil: a cross-sectional study.
Hypoglycemia risk and glucose variability indices derived from routine self-monitoring of blood glucose are related to laboratory measures of insulin sensitivity and epinephrine counterregulation.
A case study addressing the reliability of polychlorinated biphenyl levels measured at the time of breast cancer diagnosis in representing early-life exposure.
Effects of postprandial state and mesenteric blood flow on the repeatability of MR elastography in asymptomatic subjects.
Analytic variability due to change of deficient plasma vials: application to one-stage clotting factor VIII assay.
Variability and predictors of urinary bisphenol A concentrations during pregnancy.
Distinct genetic signatures for variability in total and free serum thyroxine levels in four sets of recombinant inbred mice.
The relationship between heart rate variability and serum cytokines in chronic chagasic patients with persistent parasitemia.
Variance component analysis of a multi-site study for the reproducibility of multiple reaction monitoring measurements of peptides in human plasma.
Normalized spectral power of fetal heart rate variability is associated with fetal scalp blood pH.
Central venous catheter sampling of low molecular heparin levels: an approach to increasing result reliability.
Heart rate variability is independently associated with C-reactive protein but not with Serum amyloid A. The Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study.
Variability of uterine blood flow in lactating cows during the second half of gestation.
Application of a repeat-measure biomarker measurement error model to 2 validation studies: examination of the effect of within-person variation in biomarker measurements.
Accuracy and reproducibility of blood clot burden quantification with pulmonary CT angiography.
Reliability of leptin, but not adiponectin, as a biomarker for diet-induced weight loss in humans.
Magnetic resonance VIBE venography using the blood pool contrast agent gadofosveset trisodium--an interrater reliability study.
Pharmacokinetic variability of quetiapine and the active metabolite N-desalkylquetiapine in psychiatric patients.
Cotinine concentrations in follicular fluid as a measure of secondhand tobacco smoke exposure in women undergoing in vitro fertilization: inter-matrix comparisons with urine and temporal variability.
Variability of urinary concentrations of bisphenol A in spot samples, first morning voids, and 24-hour collections.
Increasing the "region of interest" and "time of interest", both reduce the variability of blood flow measurements using laser speckle contrast imaging.
Variability in urinary oxalate measurements between six international laboratories.
Variability of plasma homovanillic acid over 13 months in patients with schizophrenia; relationship with the clinical response and the Wisconsin card sort test.
In situ labeling of DNA reveals interindividual variation in nuclear DNA breakdown in hair and may be useful to predict success of forensic genotyping of hair.
Quality of life in multiple sclerosis patients with urinary disorders: reliability and validity of the Turkish version of King's Health Questionnaire.
Case discussion in blood glucose variability.
Inter-rater reliability study of the modified Oxford Grading Scale and the Peritron manometer.
Variability in transport and biotransformation of cytarabine is associated with its toxicity in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Baseline variation and associations between subject characteristics and five cytokine biomarkers of vaginal safety among healthy non-pregnant women in microbicide trials.
Increasing blood glucose variability heralds hypoglycemia in the critically ill.
The diagnostic reliability of urinary cytology: a retrospective study.
Cervical blood perfusion assessed using power Doppler-derived estimation of fractional moving blood volume: a reproducibility study.
FADS1 genetic variability interacts with dietary α-linolenic acid intake to affect serum non-HDL-cholesterol concentrations in European adolescents.
Feasibility and reliability of flow-cytometry (fcm) DNA analysis of fresh and fixed urine samples.
Variability of serum tumor-associated antigens and their significance in cancer-diagnosis (review).
Effects of dialysate glucose concentration on heart rate variability in chronic hemodialysis patients: results of a prospective randomized trial.
Multi-center feasibility study evaluating recruitment, variability in risk factors and biomarkers for a diet and cancer cohort in India.
Reproducibility of fetal ductus venosus blood flow velocity waveforms during first stage of labor.
Organophosphate pesticide metabolite levels in pre-school children in an agricultural community: within- and between-child variability in a longitudinal study.
Heart rate variability, overnight urinary norepinephrine, and plasma cholesterol in apparently healthy human adults.
Reproducibility of and correspondence among different hepcidin forms in blood and urine and their relationships to iron status in healthy, male Guatemalan volunteers observed over 9 weeks.
Decreased heart rate variability in HIV positive patients receiving antiretroviral therapy: importance of blood glucose and cholesterol.
Autologous serum skin test vs autologous plasma skin test in patients with chronic urticaria: evaluation of reproducibility, sensitivity and specificity and relationship with disease activity, quality of life and anti-thyroid antibodies.
Reliability of serum metabolite concentrations over a 4-month period using a targeted metabolomic approach.
The reliability of maternal serum triple test in prenatal diagnosis of fetal chromosomal abnormalities of pregnant Turkish women.
Does glucose variability influence the relationship between mean plasma glucose and HbA1c levels in type 1 and type 2 diabetic patients?
Increased blood glucose variability during therapeutic hypothermia and outcome after cardiac arrest.
The necessity and reliability of intraoperative parathyroid hormone (PTH) testing in patients with mild hyperparathyroidism and PTH levels in the normal range.
Breath acetone concentration; biological variability and the influence of diet.
Intraindividual variability of homocysteine and related thiols concentrations in follicular fluid.
Validity and reliability of perinatal biomarkers of adiposity after storage as dried blood spots on paper.
Intra-individual variability over time in serum cytokine levels among participants in the prostate, lung, colorectal, and ovarian cancer screening Trial.
Plasma alkylresorcinol concentrations correlate with whole grain wheat and rye intake and show moderate reproducibility over a 2- to 3-month period in free-living Swedish adults.
Variability of parvovirus B19 genotype 2 in plasma products with different compositions in the inactivation sensitivity by liquid-heating.
Assessment of seasonal and sex-related variability of biomarkers in carp (Cyprinus carpio L.) from Karakaya Dam Lake, Turkey.
Analysis of the variability of human normal urine by 2D-GE reveals a "public" and a "private" proteome.
Long-term variability of desmosine/isodesmosine as biomarker in alpha-1-antritrypsin deficiency-related COPD.
Urinary incontinence self-report questions: reproducibility and agreement with bladder diary.
Non-inferiority of insulin glargine versus insulin detemir on blood glucose variability in type 1 diabetes patients: a multicenter, randomized, crossover study.
Natural antibodies in bovine milk and blood plasma: variability among cows, repeatability within cows, and relation between milk and plasma titers.
One-Year Plasma N-linked Glycome Intra-individual and Inter-individual Variability in the Chicken Model of Spontaneous Ovarian Adenocarcinoma.
Daytime triglyceride variability in men and women with different levels of triglyceridemia.
Arterial erectile dysfunction: reliability of penile Doppler evaluation integrated with serum concentrations of late endothelial progenitor cells and endothelial microparticles.
Managing blood glucose during and after exercise in Type 1 diabetes: reproducibility of glucose response and a trial of a structured algorithm adjusting insulin and carbohydrate intake.
Interpersonal and temporal variability of urinary cotinine in elderly subjects.
Lower variability of tacrolimus trough concentration after conversion from prograf to advagraf in stable kidney transplant recipients.
Intraindividual stability of hair cortisol concentrations.
Serum trace metal and ceruloplasmin variability in individuals treated for pulmonary tuberculosis.
Quantitative blood flow measurements in gliomas using arterial spin-labeling at 3T: intermodality agreement and inter- and intraobserver reproducibility study.
Magnetic resonance imaging measurement reproducibility for calf muscle and adipose tissue volume.
Reliability of ⁵¹Cr-EDTA plasma and urinary clearance as a measure of residual renal function in dialysis patients.
Tacrolimus dose and blood concentration variability in kidney transplant recipients undergoing conversion from twice daily to once daily modified release tacrolimus.
Assessment of interindividual variability of plasma concentrations after administrazion of high doses of intravenous amoxicillin or cloxacillin in critically ill patients.
Identification of intra- and inter-individual metabolite variation in plasma metabolite profiles of cats and dogs.
Spiritual activation in very elderly individuals assessed as heart rate variability and plasma IL/10/IL-6 ratios.
Combining US and Brazilian microsatellite data for a meta-analysis of sheep (Ovis aries) breed diversity: facilitating the FAO Global Plan of Action for Conserving Animal Genetic Resources.
Time-efficient black blood RCA wall imaging at 3T using improved motion sensitized driven equilibrium (iMSDE): feasibility and reproducibility.
Development and analytic validation of an immunoassay for the quantification of canine S100A12 in serum and fecal samples and its biological variability in serum from healthy dogs.
COPD association and repeatability of blood biomarkers in the ECLIPSE cohort.
The influence of diet on intra and inter-individual variability of urinary excretion of arsenic species in Italian healthy individuals.
Bile acid metabolites in serum: intraindividual variation and associations with coronary heart disease, metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus.
Monitoring of ovarian activity by measurement of urinary excretion rates of estrone glucuronide and pregnanediol glucuronide using the Ovarian Monitor, Part II: reliability of home testing.
Individual variation and repeatability in urinary corticosterone metabolite responses to capture in the cane toad (Rhinella marina).
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites as markers for blood transfusion in doping control: intra-individual variability of urinary concentrations.
Reliability of urodynamic interpretation in women presenting with urinary incontinence at a tertiary hospital.
Repeatability of post-void residual urine ≥ 100 ml in urogynaecologic patients.
Temporal variability in urinary concentrations of perchlorate, nitrate, thiocyanate and iodide among children.
T cell responses and viral variability in blood donation candidates with occult hepatitis B infection.
Genetic variability in 8q24 confers susceptibility to urothelial carcinoma of the upper urinary tract and is linked with patterns of disease aggressiveness at diagnosis.
Whole blood flow cytometry measurements of in vivo platelet activation in critically-Ill patients are influenced by variability in blood sampling techniques.
Interlaboratory agreement and handling variability for consistency of results in paired serum bile acid assays.
The reliability of glomerular filtration rate measured from plasma clearance: a multi-centre study of 1,878 healthy potential renal transplant donors.
Blood glucose amplitude variability as predictor for mortality in surgical and medical intensive care unit patients: a multicenter cohort study.
Estimation of intersubject variability of cerebral blood flow measurements using MRI and positron emission tomography.
Reproducibility of retinal blood flow measurements derived from semi-automated Doppler OCT analysis.
A "crossomics" study analysing variability of different components in peripheral blood of healthy caucasoid individuals.
Variability of urinary phthalate metabolite and bisphenol A concentrations before and during pregnancy.
Impact of hepatitis B virus (HBV) preS/S genomic variability on HBV surface antigen and HBV DNA serum levels.
Clinically significant variability of serum IgE concentrations in patients with severe asthma.
Intra- and interlaboratory reproducibility of ultra performance liquid chromatography-time-of-flight mass spectrometry for urinary metabolic profiling.
Effect of chronic cervical ganglionectomy on the spontaneous variability of internal carotid blood flow in the conscious rat.
Platelet-rich plasma differs according to preparation method and human variability.
Red blood cell folate concentrations and polyglutamate distribution in juvenile arthritis:  predictors of folate variability.
Urinary phthalate metabolites and their biotransformation products: predictors and temporal variability among men and women.
Reliability of Doppler and stethoscope methods of determining systolic blood pressures: considerations for calculating an ankle-brachial index.
Relationship between status of plasma atrial natriuretic peptide and heart rate variability in human subjects.
Plasma levels of PCSK9 and phenotypic variability in familial hypercholesterolemia.
Temporal precision and reliability in the velocity regime of a hair-cell sensory system: the mechanosensory lateral line of goldfish, Carassius auratus.
Effect of serum electrolyte and bicarbonate concentration changes during hemodialysis sessions on heart rate variability.
Daily variability in mineral metabolites in CKD and effects of dietary calcium and calcitriol.
Reproducibility, accuracy and concordance of Accutrend Plus for measuring circulating lipid concentration in adults.
Pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) and soluble receptor for advanced glycation end products (sRAGE)--intra- and inter-individual variability in chronic hemodialysis patients.
Reproducibility of electrical sensory testing in lower urinary tract at weekly intervals in healthy volunteers and women with non-neurogenic detrusor overactivity.
Single slice vs. volumetric MR assessment of visceral adipose tissue: reliability and validity among the overweight and obese.
Prolonged elevation of cytokine levels after human acute ischaemic stroke with evidence of individual variability.
Variability in blood-based amyloid-beta assays: the need for consensus on pre-analytical processing.
Alkylresorcinol metabolite concentrations in spot urine samples correlated with whole grain and cereal fiber intake but showed low to modest reproducibility over one to three years in U.S. women.
Interindividual variation in serum cholesterol is associated with regional white matter tissue integrity in older adults.
Reproducibility of 2D and 3D fractal analysis techniques for the assessment of spatial heterogeneity of regional blood flow in rectal cancer.
Different manufacturers of syringes: a new source of variability in blood gas, acid-base balance and related laboratory test?
Sample preparation method to minimize chemical shift variability for NMR-based urinary metabonomics of genetically hypertensive rats.
Variability of carbamazepine and valproate concentrations in elderly nursing home residents.
The use of underloaded C(18) solid-phase extraction plates increases reproducibility of analysis of tryptic peptides from unfractionated human plasma.
Progranulin gene variability and plasma levels in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia.
The variability of reported salt levels in fast foods across six countries: opportunities for salt reduction.
Variability of plasma and urine betaine in diabetes mellitus and its relationship to methionine load test responses: an observational study.
Variability of antibiotic concentrations in critically ill patients receiving continuous renal replacement therapy: a multicentre pharmacokinetic study.
Evaluating the relationship between carisoprodol concentrations and meprobamate formation and inter-subject and intra-subject variability in urinary excretion data of pain patients.
Proteomic analysis of microvesicles from plasma of healthy donors reveals high individual variability.
Prediction of concentration-time profile and its inter-individual variability following the dermal drug absorption.
Stress urinary incontinence and quality of life: a reliability study of a condition-specific instrument in paper and web-based versions.
Intraindividual variation in plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D measures 5 years apart among postmenopausal women.
Reproducibility of a cough and jump stress test for the evaluation of urinary incontinence.
Variability in blood and blood component utilization as assessed by an anesthesia information management system.
Reproducibility of the nicotine metabolite ratio in cigarette smokers.
The longitudinal variability of serum 25(OH)D levels.
Reliability of serum biomarkers of inflammation from repeated measures in healthy individuals.
Day-to-day variability in spot urine protein-creatinine ratio measurements.
A novel extraction method combining plasma with a whole-blood fraction shows excellent sensitivity and reproducibility for patients at high risk for invasive aspergillosis.
Reproducibility of cerebral blood flow assessment using a quantitative SPECT reconstruction program and split-dose 123I-iodoamphetamine in institutions with different γ-cameras and collimators.
Evaluation of factors that affect analytic variability of urine protein-to-creatinine ratio determination in dogs.
Reliability and validity of the continence self-efficacy scale in Turkish women with urinary incontinence.
Analysis of serum and plasma identifies differences in molecular coverage, measurement variability, and candidate biomarker selection.
Doppler velocimetry of the ophthalmic artery: reproducibility of blood flow velocity measurements.
Variability of gemcitabine accumulation and its relationship to expression of nucleoside transporters in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Population variability of phthalate metabolites and bisphenol A concentrations in spot urine samples versus 24- or 48-h collections.
Prediction of postprandial blood glucose under uncertainty and intra-patient variability in type 1 diabetes: a comparative study of three interval models.
Glycated albumin to glycated hemoglobin ratio is a sensitive indicator of blood glucose variability in patients with fulminant type 1 diabetes.
Biological variability of plasma intact and C-terminal FGF23 measurements.
Uniformity and repeatability of normal resting myocardial blood flow in rats using [13N]-ammonia and small animal PET.
The effect of pre-analytical variability on the measurement of MRM-MS-based mid- to high-abundance plasma protein biomarkers and a panel of cytokines.
Reliability of fasting plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites concentrations measured 4 months apart.
Association of VO2 and VCO2 rate variability with serum glucose, insulin, and glucose intolerance.
Predictors and variability of urinary paraben concentrations in men and women, including before and during pregnancy.
On the prediction of glucose concentration under intra-patient variability in type 1 diabetes: a monotone systems approach.
Multiplex PCR for 17 Y-chromosome Specific Short Tandem Repeats (STR) to enhance the reliability of fetal sex determination in maternal plasma.
Reliability of cerebral blood volume maps as a substitute for diffusion-weighted imaging in acute ischemic stroke.
Minute-to-minute urine flow rate variability: a new renal physiology variable.
Trace metal concentrations of surface snow from Ingrid Christensen Coast, East Antarctica--spatial variability and possible anthropogenic contributions.
Reliability of the blood flow velocity pulsatility index for assessment of intracranial and cerebral perfusion pressures in head-injured patients.
Origins of intersubject variability of blood oxygenation level dependent and arterial spin labeling fMRI: implications for quantification of brain activity.
Identification of factors contributing to variability in a blood-based gene expression test.
Intra-individual variability of serum hepcidin-25 in haemodialysis patients using mass spectrometry and ELISA.
Short-term repeatability of resting myocardial blood flow measurements using rubidium-82 PET imaging.
CD34⁺ cell content in unrelated allogeneic peripheral blood stem cell grafts transported internationally. Does the inter-laboratory variability affect comparability of graft quality data?
Intraindividual long term stability and response corridors of cytokines in healthy volunteers detected by a standardized whole-blood culture system for bed-side application.
Heart rate variability and plasma norepinephrine concentration in diabetic dogs at rest.
Reliability of plasma D-dimers for predicting severe neurological decompression sickness in scuba divers.
Comprehensive MRA of the lower limbs including high-resolution extended-phase infra-inguinal imaging with gadobenate dimeglumine: initial experience with inter-individual comparison to the blood-pool contrast agent gadofosveset trisodium.
Reliability and variability of sleep and activity as biomarkers of ageing in Drosophila.
Separating uncertainty and physiological variability in human PBPK modelling: The example of 2-propanol and its metabolite acetone.
A model for calculating the within-subject biological variation and likelihood ratios for analytes with a time-dependent change in concentrations; exemplified with the use of D-dimer in suspected venous thromboembolism in healthy pregnant women.
Reproducibility of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin d and vitamin D-binding protein levels over time in a prospective cohort study of black and white adults.
Marked variability in the radiographic features of cartilage-hair hypoplasia: case report and review of the literature.
Intraindividual comparison of 123I-mIBG SPECT/MRI, 123I-mIBG SPECT/CT, and MRI for the detection of adrenal pheochromocytoma in patients with elevated urine or plasma catecholamines.
Determinants and short-term reproducibility of relative plasma volume slopes during hemodialysis.
Intra- and inter-individual variability in urinary nicotine excretion and plasma cotinine in adult cigarette smokers.
Reliability of plasma fibroblast growth factor 23 as risk biomarker in epidemiological studies measured over a four-month period.
The dose-response decrease in heart rate variability: any association with the metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in coke oven workers?
Autoinhibition of CYP3A4 leads to important role of CYP2C8 in imatinib metabolism: variability in CYP2C8 activity may alter plasma concentrations and response.
A genome-wide association study of monozygotic twin-pairs suggests a locus related to variability of serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
The adapted classification of male pattern hair loss improves reliability.
A QC approach to the determination of day-to-day reproducibility and robustness of LC-MS methods for global metabolite profiling in metabonomics/metabolomics.
Variability of organophosphorous pesticide metabolite levels in spot and 24-hr urine samples collected from young children during 1 week.
Effects of serum calcium and magnesium on heart rate variability in adult women.
Repeatability of and relationship between potential COPD biomarkers in bronchoalveolar lavage, bronchial biopsies, serum, and induced sputum.
Increasing blood glucose variability is a precursor of sepsis and mortality in burned patients.
High N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide levels are associated with reduced heart rate variability in acute myocardial infarction.
Reproducibility and robustness of metabolome analysis in rat plasma of 28-day repeated dose toxicity studies.
Variability of cyclosporine concentrations by HPLC and TDX monoclonal assay methods, application of a correction factor, and description of a novel clinical approach to determine the practical consequences of changing assay technique.
Reliability of the pattern hair loss classifications: a comparison of the basic and specific and Norwood-Hamilton classifications.
Clopidogrel variability: role of plasma protein binding alterations.
The dose-response relationship for dicentric chromosomes and γ-H2AX foci in human peripheral blood lymphocytes: influence of temperature during exposure and intra- and inter-individual variability of donors.
Carbohydrate counting accuracy and blood glucose variability in adults with type 1 diabetes.
Interindividual variability and co-regulation of DNA methylation differ among blood cell populations.
Association between heart rate variability and systemic endothelin-1 concentration in normal-tension glaucoma.
Nociceptive stimuli responses at different levels of general anaesthesia and genetic variability.
Analysis of heart rate variability and skin blood flow oscillations under deep controlled breathing.
Variability of blood lactate during and between given constant prolonged cycling power.
Human and methodological sources of variability in the measurement of urinary 8-oxo-7,8-dihydro-2'-deoxyguanosine.
Pharmacogenetics and beyond: variability of voriconazole plasma levels in a patient with primary immunodeficiency.
Temporal variability in urinary phthalate metabolite excretion based on spot, morning, and 24-h urine samples: considerations for epidemiological studies.
Validity and reliability of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Urinary Incontinence Short Form and its correlation with urodynamic findings.
Contribution of putative genetic factors and candidate gene variants to inter-individual variation of circulating fractalkine (CX3CL1) levels in a large UK twins' sample.
Intra-subject variability of snoring sounds in relation to body position, sleep stage, and blood oxygen level.
The reliability of foetal blood sampling as a test of foetal acidosis in labour.
A genome-wide assessment of variability in human serum metabolism.
Defining the impact of individual sample variability on routine immunoassay of serum free light chains (sFLC) in multiple myeloma.
Using estradiol and progesterone concentrations to assess individual variability in the reproductive cyclicity of captive female little skates, Leucoraja erinacea, from the western Gulf of Maine.
Measuring the TREC ratio in dried blood spot samples: intra- and inter-filter paper cards reproducibility.
Inhibin B in plasma samples from male volunteer panel selected for health but not fertility: sources of variability.
Turkish adaptation of the short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Function Questionnaire (PISQ-12): a validation and reliability study.
Interindividual variations in aprepitant plasma pharmacokinetics in cancer patients receiving cisplatin-based chemotherapy for the first time.
Inter- and intra-rater reliability of blood and cerebrospinal fluid flow quantification by phase-contrast MRI.
Reproducibility and levels of blood lactate transition thresholds in persons with metabolic syndrome.
Association of blood glucose variability with outcomes in comatose cardiac arrest survivors treated with therapeutic hypothermia.
Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry-based plasma metabonomics delineate the effect of metabolites' stability on reliability of potential biomarkers.
Long-term reproducibility of plasma alkylresorcinols as biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake within Northern Sweden Health and Disease Study Cohort.
Metabolomics in epidemiology: sources of variability in metabolite measurements and implications.
Repeatability of popliteal blood flow and lower limb vascular conductance at rest and exercise during body tilt using Doppler ultrasound.
Sources of variability of resting cerebral blood flow in healthy subjects: a study using ¹³³Xe SPECT measurements.
Effects of a 48-h fast on heart rate variability and cortisol levels in healthy female subjects.
Glucose variability assessed by low blood glucose index is predictive of hypoglycemic events in patients with type 1 diabetes switched to pump therapy.
Allan-Herndon-Dudley syndrome (AHDS) in two consecutive generations caused by a missense MCT8 gene mutation. Phenotypic variability with the presence of normal serum T3 levels.
Intersubject variability of blood analysis reference values: assessment of age and locality influence by means of a linear discriminant analysis model.
Variability of microcirculation detected by blood pulsation imaging.
Ethnic variability in the plasma exposures of OATP1B1 substrates such as HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors: a kinetic consideration of its mechanism.
Ethyl glucuronide in scalp and non-head hair: an intra-individual comparison.
Multisoftware reproducibility study of stress and rest myocardial blood flow assessed with 3D dynamic PET/CT and a 1-tissue-compartment model of 82Rb kinetics.
Urinary metabolites of organophosphate flame retardants: temporal variability and correlations with house dust concentrations.
Reliability on intra-laboratory and inter-laboratory data of hair mineral analysis comparing with blood analysis.
Distribution, variability, and predictors of urinary concentrations of phenols and parabens among pregnant women in Puerto Rico.
Intravenous laser blood irradiation, interstitial laser acupuncture, and electroacupuncture in an animal experimental setting: preliminary results from heart rate variability and electrocorticographic recordings.
Reference range for intrapatient variability in blood-pool and liver SUV for 18F-FDG PET.
Muscle oxygenation and blood volume reliability during continuous and intermittent running.
NS3 genetic variability in HCV genotype-1b isolates from liver specimens and blood samples of treatment-naive patients with chronic hepatitis C.
Determinants and within-person variability of urinary cadmium concentrations among women in northern California.
Improving the reliability of human serum albumin-thiol group determination.
An inverse correlation between TNF alpha serum levels and heart rate variability in patients with heart failure.
Interindividual variation in the proteome of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Variability of ffDNA in maternal plasma does not prevent correct classification of trisomy 21 using MeDIP-qPCR methodology.
DNA methylation variations at CETP and LPL gene promoter loci: new molecular biomarkers associated with blood lipid profile variability.
Unravelling the basis of variability in cobalamin levels in the general population.
Genetic and environmental influences of daily and intra-individual variation in testosterone levels in middle-aged men.
Vascular endothelial growth factor in the CSF of elderly patients with ventriculomegaly: variability, periodicity and levels in drainage responders and non-responders.
Serum alpha1-proteinase inhibitor concentrations in healthy dogs--method validation and determination of reference interval and intra-individual variation.
Reliability of the estimation of total hepatic blood flow by Doppler ultrasound in patients with cirrhotic portal hypertension.
Variability in the blood/breath alcohol ratio and implications for evidentiary purposes.
Segmental reproducibility of retinal blood flow velocity measurements using retinal function imager.
Variability of urinary excretion of pyrethroid metabolites in seven persons over seven consecutive days--implications for observational studies.
Genetic variability related to serum uric acid concentration and risk of Parkinson's disease.
Expression variability of absorption, distribution, metabolism, excretion-related microRNAs in human liver: influence of nongenetic factors and association with gene expression.
Investigation of rhythms of secretion and repeatability of plasma adrenocorticotropic hormone concentrations in healthy horses and horses with pituitary pars intermedia dysfunction.
High variability in baseline urinary free cortisol values in patients with Cushing's disease.
Characterization of the DNA methylome and its interindividual variation in human peripheral blood monocytes.
Functional variability in butyrylcholinesterase activity regulates intrathecal cytokine and astroglial biomarker profiles in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Variability of predialytic, intradialytic, and postdialytic blood pressures in the course of a week: a study of Dutch and US maintenance hemodialysis patients.
Biological variability of lymphocyte subsets of human adults' blood.
A comparison of three empirically based, spatially explicit predictive models of residential soil Pb concentrations in Baltimore, Maryland, USA: understanding the variability within cities.
Clinical utility and reproducibility of visceral adipose tissue measurements derived from dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry in White and African American adults.
Paternal aging and associated intraindividual alterations of global sperm 5-methylcytosine and 5-hydroxymethylcytosine levels.
Reproducibility of functional network metrics and network structure: a comparison of task-related BOLD, resting ASL with BOLD contrast, and resting cerebral blood flow.
Variability and trend of multiple blood lead measures among construction and manufacturing workers.
Effects of Sex on Intra-Individual Variance in Urinary Solutes in Stone-Formers Collected from a Single Clinical Laboratory.
Combination of injection volume calibration by creatinine and MS signals' normalization to overcome urine variability in LC-MS-based metabolomics studies.
Impact of blood glucose variability on carotid artery intima media thickness and distensibility in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Variability in oxidative stress biomarkers following a maximal exercise test.
Reproducibility of NMR analysis of urine samples: impact of sample preparation, storage conditions, and animal health status.
Variability of serum markers of erythropoiesis during 6 days of racing in highly trained cyclists.
Validity and reliability of an ultrasound system for estimating adipose tissue.
Influence of bag volume on reproducibility of inert gas rebreathing pulmonary blood flow measurements in patients with pulmonary diseases.
Intra individual variability in markers of proteinuria for normal subjects and those with cadmium induced renal dysfunction: interpretation of results from untimed, random urine samples.
Variability of raltegravir plasma levels in the clinical setting.
Interindividual variation in the levels of certain urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites following medicinal exposure to coal tar ointment.
Temporal variability in urinary excretion of bisphenol A and seven other phenols in spot, morning, and 24-h urine samples.
Prenatal exposure to environmental phenols: concentrations in amniotic fluid and variability in urinary concentrations during pregnancy.
Reproducibility of positive results for the detection of serum galactomannan by Platelia™ aspergillus EIA.
Intraindividual variation in one-carbon metabolism plasma biomarkers.
Day-to-day variability in spot urine albumin-creatinine ratio.
Impact of blood volume, tube shaking, and incubation time on reproducibility of QuantiFERON-TB gold in-tube assay.
Enhancement of ovarian tumor classification by improved reproducibility in matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry of serum glycans.
High interpatient variability of raltegravir CSF concentrations in HIV-positive patients: a pharmacogenetic analysis.
Urinary 3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridinol (TCPY) in pregnant women from Mexico City: distribution, temporal variability, and relationship with child attention and hyperactivity.
Repeatability and sensitivity of high resolution blood volume mapping in mouse kidney disease.
Variability of urinary cadmium excretion in spot urine samples, first morning voids, and 24 h urine in a healthy non-smoking population: implications for study design.
Glycemic variability in normal glucose regulation subjects with elevated 1-h postload plasma glucose levels.
Which patients should be evaluated for blood glucose variability?
Within-person reproducibility of urinary bisphenol A and phthalate metabolites over a 1 to 3 year period among women in the Nurses' Health Studies: a prospective cohort study.
Pre-analytical-related variability influencing serum peptide profiles demonstrated in a mass spectrometry-based search for colorectal and prostate cancer biomarkers.
Reproducibility of laser ablation-inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry (LA-ICP-MS) measurements in mussel shells and comparison with micro-drill sampling and solution ICP-MS.
Inter-rater and intra-rater reliability of cerebral blood flow measures obtained using the Brain Acoustic Monitor.
Inter-individual differences in control of alveolar capillary blood volume in exercise and hypoxia.
Interindividual and intra-individual variabilities of darunavir and ritonavir plasma trough concentrations in multidrug experienced HIV patients receiving salvage regimens.
Variability of the IS revealed ionization enhancement by bile acid in mouse plasma.
Heredity and lifestyle in the determination of between-subject variation in thyroid hormone levels in euthyroid men.
Fasting-induced increase in plasma ghrelin is blunted by intravenous alcohol administration: a within-subject placebo-controlled study.
Comparison between two portable hemoglobinometers and a reference method to verify the reliability of screening in blood donors.
Cord blood serum-based eye drops: the impact of donor haematological and obstetric factors on the variability of epidermal growth factor levels.
Gut neuroendocrine tumor blood qPCR fingerprint assay: characteristics and reproducibility.
Factors impacting variability of the urinary normeperidine-to-meperidine metabolic ratio in patients with chronic pain.
Urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations among pregnant women in Northern Puerto Rico: distribution, temporal variability, and predictors.
Pharmacokinetic variability of flecainide in younger Japanese patients and mechanisms for renal excretion and intestinal absorption.
Assessment of reproducibility in depletion and enrichment workflows for plasma proteomics using label-free quantitative data-independent LC-MS.
Monitoring of ovarian activity by daily measurement of urinary excretion rates of oestrone glucuronide and pregnanediol glucuronide using the Ovarian Monitor, Part III: variability of normal menstrual cycle profiles.
A stable isotope-labeled internal standard is essential for correcting for the interindividual variability in the recovery of lapatinib from cancer patient plasma in quantitative LC-MS/MS analysis.
Frozen section analysis of ureteral margins in patients undergoing radical cystectomy for bladder cancer: differential impact of carcinoma in situ in the bladder on reliability and impact on tumour recurrence in the upper urinary tract.
Evaluation of 12 blood glucose monitoring systems for self-testing: system accuracy and measurement reproducibility.
Variability of platelet-rich plasma preparations.
Dark blood versus bright blood T2 acquisition in cardiovascular magnetic resonance (CMR) for thalassaemia major (TM) patients: evaluation of feasibility, reproducibility and image quality.
Three-year variability in plasma concentrations of the soluble receptor for advanced glycation end products (sRAGE).
Pre-analytical and analytical variability in absolute quantitative MRM-based plasma proteomic studies.
Development of a valid and reliable blood stasis questionnaire and its relationship to heart rate variability.
Reproducibility of cerebrospinal venous blood flow and vessel anatomy with the use of phase contrast-vastly undersampled isotropic projection reconstruction and contrast-enhanced MRA.
Urinary metabolites of organophosphate flame retardants and their variability in pregnant women.
Assessing the quality and reproducibility of a proteomic platform for clinical stroke biomarker discovery.
Time-dependent variability in tacrolimus trough blood levels is a risk factor for late kidney transplant failure.
Short-term variability in biomarkers of bone metabolism in sheep.
An inter-laboratory study on the variability in measured concentrations of 17β-estradiol, testosterone, and 11-ketotestosterone in white sucker: implications and recommendations.
Clinical significance of intra-host variability of Dengue-1 virus in venous and capillary blood.
Intraindividual variation in urinary iodine concentrations: effect of adjustment on population distribution using two and three repeated spot urine collections.
High variability in serum estradiol measurements in men and women.
Reproducibility and prognostic value of WHO1973 and WHO2004 grading systems in TaT1 urothelial carcinoma of the urinary bladder.
Factors associated with variability in rifampin plasma pharmacokinetics and the relationship between rifampin concentrations and induction of efavirenz clearance.
Epstein-Barr virus latent membrane protein 1 genetic variability in peripheral blood B cells and oropharyngeal fluids.
Reliability and clinical relevance of the HIV-1 drug resistance test in patients with low viremia levels.
Reproducibility of cardiac biomarkers response to prolonged treadmill exercise.
Mealtime, temporal, and daily variability of the human urinary and plasma metabolomes in a tightly controlled environment.
Serum potassium levels and its variability in incident peritoneal dialysis patients: associations with mortality.
Variability of oxidative stress biomarkers in hemodialysis patients.
Determination of the most influential sources of variability in tacrolimus trough blood concentrations in adult liver transplant recipients: a bottom-up approach.
Flow cytometric analysis of micronuclei in rat peripheral blood: An interlaboratory reproducibility study.
Transcript levels of class I GLUTs within individual tissues and the direct relationship between GLUT1 expression and glucose metabolism in Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua).
Storage duration of red blood cell transfusion and Clostridium difficile infection: a within person comparison.
Sources of variability in biomarker concentrations.
Comparison of ASL and DCE MRI for the non-invasive measurement of renal blood flow: quantification and reproducibility.
Plasma lipidome is independently associated with variability in metabolic syndrome in Mexican American families.
A community study of the effect of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites on heart rate variability based on the Framingham risk score.
Most blood biomarkers related to vitamin status, one-carbon metabolism, and the kynurenine pathway show adequate preanalytical stability and within-person reproducibility to allow assessment of exposure or nutritional status in healthy women and cardiovascular patients.
Reproducibility of estradiol and testosterone levels in postmenopausal women over 5 years: results from the breakthrough generations study.
Variability in DNA damage of chub (Squalius cephalus L.) blood, gill and liver cells during the annual cycle.
Short term variability in urinary bisphenol A in Australian children.
Improving Reproducibility of Lab-on-a-Chip Sensor with Bismuth Working Electrode for Determining Zn in Serum by Anodic Stripping Voltammetry.
The reliability and predictive ability of a biomarker of oxidative DNA damage on functional outcomes after stroke rehabilitation.
Association of serum phosphorus variability with coronary artery calcification among hemodialysis patients.
Circadian rhythmicity, variability and correlation of interleukin-6 levels in plasma and cerebrospinal fluid of healthy men.
Sources of variability in metabolite measurements from urinary samples.
Interindividual variability of lutein bioavailability in healthy men: characterization, genetic variants involved, and relation with fasting plasma lutein concentration.
Predicting passive and active tissue:plasma partition coefficients: interindividual and interspecies variability.
Effect of repaglinide versus glimepiride on daily blood glucose variability and changes in blood inflammatory and oxidative stress markers.
Plasma vitamin B12, methylmalonic acid and heart rate variability in healthy young Indian adults.
Medium-term variability of the human serum metabolome in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study.
Effect of concentrate level on feeding behavior and rumen and blood parameters in dairy goats: relationships between behavioral and physiological parameters and effect of between-animal variability.
Considerations for powering a clinical proteomics study: Normal variability in the human plasma proteome.
Reliability and Validity of the King's Health Questionnaire for Male Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms in Taiwan.
Biological variability of superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase in blood.
Blood polymorphisms and morphological variability in Brazilian Indians.
