Oxygen equilibrium curves of 48 healthy adult subjects have been measured by the method of Rossi-Bernardi et al. (Clin. Chem. 21: 1747, 1975), in which H2O2 is gradually added to a sample of deoxygenated blood that contains an excess of catalase. The mean P50 for nonsmokers was 26.9 Torr and the distribution of values was slightly skewed to the right (range 24.2--29.9 Torr). The method differs from others previously available in that pH, PCO2, and HCO3-- are constant during oxygenation. The system for control of the experiment and data collection and processing has been automated by the use of a microprocessor so that the equilibrium curve can be obtained quickly, reproducibly, and relatively simply. With the aid of a digital computer, the parameters of the generalized Adair equation can also be estimated.
In 30 patients blood samples were taken from both radial arteries and analysed for PCO2, PO2 and pH. The influence of sampling technique on the accuracy of blood-gas analysis was determined. The 95% confidence limits for PCO2 measurements were +/-0.32 kPa (2.4 mmHg), and for PO2 measurements were +/-1.16 kPa (8.8 mmHg) in the range below 20 kPa, and +/-2.94 kPa (22.0 mmHg) above 20 kPa. For pH, the 95% confidence limits were +/-0.014. Only the PO2 measurements were significantly influenced by the sampling procedure.
The plasma concentration of several estrogens (unconjugated estradiol and estriol, total estriol, and estriol sulfate) and of the placental proteins hPL and PAPP-C were measured daily for 8 days in 9 subjects. The steroids showed coefficients of variation ranging from 14 to 21%. The proteins were much less variable (PAPP-C 5% and hPL 6%).
It has been shown that S-sulfonate compounds (R-S-SO-3) are produced by the action of sulfite on reactive disulfide bonds [4,5]. Plasma S-sulfonate production was determined as a function of sulfite ingestion and intraperitoneal injection in rats, mice and rhesus monkeys. The tendency of these species and of the rabbit [8] to produce S-sulfonates in plasma was related to the availability of sulfite and of reactive disulfide bonds and to the stability of plasma protein S-sulfonates. The rhesus monkey and the rabbit accumulated plasma S-sulfonates much more readily than did the rat, while the mouse produced little, if any, under the same test conditions. Plasma protein S-sulfonate fractions in the rat and rhesus monkey were characterized by half-lives of approximately 4 and 8 days respectively. The sensitivity and precision of the analytical method for plasma protein S-sulfonate were improved by incorporation of 35S into the outer sulfur atom of the S-sulfonate moiety (R-S-35SO-3).
Groups of male Caucasian medical students who had, relative to their classmates, eitherhigh or low lipid levels were screened for electrophoretic variants of haptoglobin, transferrin, and 10 polymorphic erythrocyte enzymes. Members of both the "high" and "low" lipid groups were found to be polymorphic at 7 genetic loci, 6 of which were enzymatic. Consistently, at most polymorphic loci the high lipid groups had somewhat higher frequencies of nonpredominant phenotypes (patterns other than the phenotype reported to occur most frequently in U.S.A. Caucasian populations). A higher frequency of the less common nonpredominant phenotypes (reported Caucasian population frequency less than 0.200) in the high lipid groups was primarily responsible for the observed variations in the phenotypic distributions. Gene frequency distributions were correspondingly skewed. In 14 comparisons between the high and low lipid groups the least common allele of the 7 polymorphic series had a higher frequency in the high lipid group 9 times and in the low lipid group only once. Collectively, our preliminary observations suggest quantitative and qualitative genetic trends related to serum lipid levels that warrant more extensive investigation.
The effects of serum deprivation, of dibutyryl-cyclic AMP (dBcAMP) and of theophylline on the morphology of cultured new-born rat astroblasts have been studied using Eagle's basal medium (BME) or Eagle's minimum essential medium (MEM) as culture media. Serum deprivation had no effect on cells cultured in BME, while in MEM, deprivation induced a rapid morphological transformation involving the appearance of multiple processes. This phenomenon was rapidly reversible when serum was again added. In serum-supplemented BME, dB-cAMP (1 mM) and theophylline (1 mM) had no effect. In serum-supplement MEM, theophylline (1 mM) had no effect while dB-cAMP (1 mM) induced a slower and poorly reversible morphological alteration. On the other hand cells in serum-free BME showed multiple processes after addition of dB-cAMP (1 mM) or theophylline (1 mM). This rapid alteration was completely reversed either by removal of dB-cAMP and theophylline or by addition of serum.
The fasting serum concentrations of total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), total triglyceride and apoprotein A1 were measured at intervals of 12-18 weeks for 60 weeks in 17 male and 11 female healthy young adults in order to assess the variability of these risk factors for coronary disease. No statistically significant seasonal changes were detected in any variable in either sex, although a progressive rise in apoprotein A1 concentration was observed. The coefficients of variation for random fluctuations with time were in the rank order: total cholesterol less than HDL-C less than apoprotein A1 less than LDL-C less than triglyceride. These differences were attributable to biological, rather than to methodological, factors. Within subjects, HDL cholesterol concentration varied inversely with triglyceride concentration and directly with apoprotein A1 concentration. The marked differences which exist in the biological variability of lipid risk factors for atherosclerosis need to be taken into account when making comparisons in epidemiological studies of the predictive powers of single on-entry measurements for future disease. Fluctuations of HDL-C with time appear to be related in part to variations in triglyceride-rich lipoprotein metabolism.
The serum protein binding of phenytoin, salicylic acid, sulfisoxazole, and warfarin was determined in normal human adults, in patients with impaired renal function (kidney donor and recipient), and in adult male Sprague--Dawley rats. The free fraction values for salicylate and sulfisoxazole were significantly correlated in all three groups. The other correlations were statistically significant in only one or two of these groups. There was a statistically significant negative correlation between albumin concentration and the free fraction values of salicylic acid and sulfisoxazole (but not of phenytoin and only under special circumstances with warfarin) in normal subjects and of phenytoin, salicylic acid, and sulfisoxazole (but not warfarin) in rats. No such correlation was observed for any of the drugs in patients with impaired renal function. These observations show that no single weakly acidic drug can serve as an index for quantitatively determining the effect of disease or species differences on the serum protein binding of other weakly acidic drugs.
The direct immunofluorescence technique for detecting antibody-coated bacteria in urinary sediment is felt to be useful in distinguishing infection of the kidney from infection of the bladder. An independent, blind multiple-reading system was used to measure interobserver variability in the evaluation of slides of urinary sediments for antibody-coated bacteria. Three independent observers agreed unanimously on first reading in 88% of 253 specimens. When compared with the majority opinion, the sensitivity and specificity of an individual reading were 91 and 95%, respectively.
Fifty-nine asymptomatic men without catheters of ileal-loop bladders, who were attending a urology clinic and were incidentally discovered to have 100,000 or more Enterobacteriaceae per ml ("significant bacteriuria") in a clean voided urine sample, were prospectively evaluated. To identify these 59 patients, 5,876 urine samples, collected exclusively from men, had been subjected to quantitation and identification. A repeat urine culture performed on these patients invariably confirmed the results of the initial culture. The reproducibility of a single urine culture containing significant bacteriuria occurred independently of the tissue source of infection, as determined by the antibody-coated-bacteria immunofluorescence test. We conclude that a single urine culture obtained from a cooperative man can establish the diagnosis of asymptomatic bacteriuria.
A recent study [Clin. Chem. 22, 1635 (1976)] reported intra-individual variation in 10 serum proteins to be much smaller than interindividual variation. We report results of a similar study involving about 700 apparently healthy adults in whom we estimated the relative magnitude of the intra- and interindividual variation in serum IgA, IgG, IgM and complement component C3. Specimens were collected from each subject weekly for as long as 10 weeks (average, four weeks). The four serum proteins were quantitated by radial immunodiffusion by the maximal-diffusion technique. Traditional 95% reference intervals were computed relative to WHO reference preparations for the immunoglobulins. For C3, the reference interval was computed relative to a commercial reference preparation. We, too, found the ratios of intra-individual to interindividual variation for adults to be so small that the traditional reference intervals do not have the assumed diagnostic sensitivities. Furthermore, these ratios did not change after dividing the study population into subgroups according to sex and age; evidently such subgrouping do not improve the diagnostic sensitivity. The relatively small intra-individual variations were also observed at the extremes of protein concentration ranges.
The variability and predictability of the plasma concentration of ampicillin and kanamycin in new-born infants being treated for infections are discussed. For kanamycin a standard dose regimen of 7.5 mg/kg/12h is recommended.
The intrinsic variability and accuracy of left ventricular ejection fraction determined by multiple gated cardiac blood pool imaging was evaluated in 83 patients. Ejection fraction by gated studies correlated well with data from first pass radionuclide angiocardiography (r = 0.94) and from contrast angiography (r = 0.84). Intra- and interobserver variabilities of absolute ejection fraction were minimal (mean +/- standard deviation 1.4 +/- 1.2 and 1.6 +/- 1.5 percent, respectively) and were not different for normal (ejection fraction 55 percent or greater) and abnormal patients. Ejection fraction was determined twice in 70 patients: on the same day at intervals separated by 1 to 2 hours (41 patients) and on 2 different days (29 patients). Ejection fraction ranged from 18 to 91 percent and was normal in 37 patients. There was no difference in mean serial variabilities of absolute ejection fraction for all repeat studies performed on the same and separate days (3.3 +/- 3.1 versus 4.3 +/- 3.1 percent (not significantly different). The mean variability of absolute ejection fraction for repeat studies in normal patients was significantly greater than in abnormal patients (5.4 +/- 4.4 versus 2.1 +/- 2.0 percent, P less than 0.01). The incidence rate of absolute interstudy changes of 5 percent or more was significantly higher in normal than in abnormal patients (P less than 0.01). This differential variability should be considered in interpreting sequential changes in left ventricular ejection fraction. To be attributed to nonrandom physiologic alterations, the absolute change in ejection fraction should be 10 percent or more in normal patients and 5 percent or more in abnormal patients.
The pattern of insulin response to oral glucose over a wide range of glucose tolerance has been studied in two separate ethnic groups--Polynesians and Micronesians. Fasting insulin concentrations were relatively unchanged over the entire range of glucose tolerance in both populations, irrespective of whether comparable lean or obese samples of both groups were studied. The patterns of 2-h plasma insulins were similar over the whole range of glucose tolerance in Polynesians and Micronesians. However, in the comparisons of all subjects, or lean or obese groups of these populations, the plasma insulin concentrations of the Micronesians were both consistently and significantly higher. As the data analysis was arranged to take into account groups with identical 2-h plasma glucose concentrations and comparable degrees of obesity, the differences cannot be attributed to differences in the glucose levels or in obesity. In the presence of similar fasting insulin concentrations, these findings imply an ethnic variability in the pancreatic beta-cell response to oral glucose.
Sera were analyzed for calcium ion activity on the Orion 99-20 and SS-20 systems. Samples from 84 healthy subjects were analyzed on both systems and, because of a change of electrode composition, 74 of them were reanalyzed after this change. Additional 89 were analyzed on only SS-20. The distribution of serum calcium ion activity was close to Gaussian. The difference between the 99-20 and SS-20 readings was 0.048+/-0.017 mmol/liter (range -0.01 to 0.08) before the electrode change and -0.085+/-0.027 mmol/liter (range -0.14 to 0.02) after. The reference ranges were 1.02--1.23 mmol/liter for 99-20 and 0.93--1.20 mmol/liter for SS-20 before the electrode change. The following characteristics may contribute to differences in the readings: higher temperature, higher flow rate, new calcium and reference electrodes, new liquid junction construction and a new pumping procedure. For 74 subjects the determination of serum calcium ion activity (99-20 system) was performed with a five year interval and the difference between the first and second measurements was -0.0046+/-0.0168 mmol/liter (mean +/-SD), ranging from -0.04 to 0.03 mmol/liter. This corresponded to an intraindividual variation of 1.5%. The corresponding variations for serum total calcium and corrected calcium were 4.8% and 3.3% respectively.
1. In order to define factors which influence plasma catecholamine levels, and which might be controlled in the interests of reproducability and comparability, plasma noradrenaline plus adrenaline (NA + A) was measured repeatedly in normal subjects by a double isotope technique. 2. Age and posture were important determinants for plasma NA + A levels, whereas time of day was less important. 3. Levels were higher in old men aged 70--92 years than in young men aged 19--28 years, measured after 30 min or 9 h (overnight) recumbency, or after 5 min standing. 4. Duration of recumbency and of upright posture were both important. Recumbent levels were lower after 9 h (overnight) than after 30 min (mid-morning). Upright posture caused an increase in levels within 2 min. Levels peaked between 5 and 20 min, were lower after 12 h than after 20 min, but upright levels were always higher than levels after 9  h recumbency. 5. During continuous recumbency, levels were lowest at 24.00 h, and increased thereafter. During a second hospitalisation, levels at 09.00 h were again higher than levels at 06.00 h after overnight recumbency. 6. Variability of levels obtained by repeated sampling was lower while sitting, during a normal upright day, than after 30 min recumbency. Upright legels may be a better index of cardiovascular sympathetic activity.
Serum ferritin, serum iron, total iron binding capacity, and haemoglobin levels were measured in a group of 36 pregnant women before, one week after, and four weeks after a total dose infusion of iron dextran (T.D.I.). The serum ferritin level is considered to provide a reliable index of maternal iron stores one month, but not one week, after TDI.
Urine prostaglandin E excretion rates were determined by hepatic receptor assay in three groups of conscious animals. Although 24-hour urine collections gave reproducibly similar levels of prostaglandin E excretion rates, levels obtained with consecutive 20-minute urine collections were extremely variable despite no obvious changes in renal function. Since short urine collection periods are used frequently in physiologic studies, the significance of variations in prostaglandin excretion rates in these studies may have to be re-evaluated.
The distributions of within-person variances in the concentrations of 10 commonly assayed serum constituents have been derived from data on 37 healthy male subjects studied at weekly intervals over a period of five months. All 10 distributions appear to be of log-normal form. The relevance of the findings to the interpretation of differences between serial measurements in a given individual is discussed. Examples are given to show how the information on within-person variances for a particular analyte, organised into a simple graph, may be used to test medical opinions on threshold values for serial changes in the concentration of this analyte in a given individual. In this way, biological variability as well as analytical error may be taken into account quantitatively when assessing the significance of a difference between two serial measurements.
Concentrations of 27 commonly estimated serum constituents were measured in blood sampled from 20 apparently healthy volunteers at 0830, 1230, and 1630 hours on each of four days, at weekly intervals. Time-dependent statistically significant (p less than or equal to 0.01) variation was observed in 12 of the constituents. The 15 constituents that showed no statistically significant diurnal variation included the immunoglobulins, other specific proteins, enzymes, cholesterol, calcium, copper, and magnesium. On the different days of the study consistent temporal patterns were observed in urea, creatinine, phosphate, zinc, bilirubin, triglyceride, total protein, and albumin. The magnitude of variation was particularly great in potassium, iron, zinc, and bilirubin. In general, day-to-day changes in concentration exceeded within-day changes, except for potassium, phosphate, and zinc, for which greater changes could be observed within-day than from one day to another at the same time.
How many 24-hour urine sodium measurements are adequate for characterizing a child's salt intake? Can overnight urine specimens accurately replace 24-hour collections for salt assessment? A sample of 73 6th-8th grade children was taken from two parochial schools in Chicago to investigate systematically these questions. Seven consecutive 24-hour-urine specimens were collected from each child. The estimated ratio of intra- to inter-individual variances was 1.94 for 24-hour-urine sodium. Based on this value, eight 24-hour specimens are necessary to limit to 10% the diminution of the estimated correlation coefficient between 24-hour-urine sodium and blood pressure. Six measurements are required to reduce to 0.01 the probability of misclassifying a child in tertile 1 versus tertile 3. The overnight specimens show a moderate consistency with the 24-hour collections in detecting children with high or low salt intake. For example 92% and 85% of children in the fifth quintile and the third tertile respectively of the true mean overnight sodium have their true mean 24-hour Na in the upper half of the distribution. These results suggest that in a large scale epidemiologic study, overnight specimens may be reasonable alternatives when 24-hour-urine sodium is practically very difficult to collect.
1 No correlation was found between the rate of gastric emptying and peak plasma propranolol concentrations in six hypertensive patients after single oral doses of 80 mg. 2 In four normal subjects given oral propranolol the peak plasma concentration was highest when a simultaneous injection of metoclopramide and lowest when propantheline was given. The mean time to peak was 1.5 h after metoclopramide, 2.8 h after normal saline and 4.5 h after propantheline. 3 Gastric emptying has some influence on the time of peak plasma propranolol concentrations but individual variation in its bioavailability is determined mainly by first-pass metabolism in the liver.
The interrelationships between serum Mg and HCR, and between serum Mg and K were investigated in pigs fed on a low Mg diet. A positive dependence was found between serum Mg and HCR, and between serum Mg and K. It was concluded, that in Mg-deficient pigs, Mg ions originating from soft tissues or erythrocytes can cause an increase of serum Mg level. The serum Mg value, consequently, can not be considered as a reliable parameter indicating the body Mg status. Some difficulties in diagnosing the body Mg status and the effects of the spontaneous increase of serum Mg level on Mg deficiency symptoms were discussed.
The blood glucose of 271 diabetic subjects (140 boys and 131 girls), followed in a diabetes clinic, was determined by three methods: 1) Reflectance Meter (Ames), 2) Eyetone (Ames), and 3) AutoAnalyzer (Technicon). The results were statistically analyzed at four blood glucose concentration ranges (less than 100, 100 to 200, 201 to 300 and greater than 300 mg/dl). The Eyetone instrument and the Reflectance Meter were found to be simple and exact methods for instant glucose determination as compared with the standard AutoAnalyzer technique. The Reflectance Meter was inexact in the blood glucose range of 201 to 300 mg/dl. The Eyetone instrument was reliable within the range of 10 to 400 mg/dl and was found to be useful for quick glucose determination in the clinic or home.
Nine or 10 serial steady-state plasma measurements of amitryptyline, desipramine, desmethyldoxepin, doxepin, imipramine, nortriptyline, or protriptyline were made in 23 depressed patients.  Each patient was monitored for compliance by pill counts, and sampling time was controlled carefully to determine intrapatient variability of steady-state tricyclic levels on a day-to-day basis. The coefficients of variation during serial sampling of the various ingested drugs were: amitriptyline, 21%; desipramine, 26%; doxepin, 21%; imipramine, 14%; nortriptyline, 13%; and protriptyline, 17%. The therapeutic ranges for the tricyclic antidepressants are relatively wide, so coefficients of variation of these magnitudes indicate that the position of an individual patient in relation to the optimal therapeutic range can be reliably determined on a clinical basis.
In order to evaluate the reproducibility of regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) measurements in pathological brain tissue, serial measurements were carried out in 13 determinations performed in patients who were comatose after severe head injuries within the first 2 weeks after the head trauma. The xenon-133 intra-arterial method was used for the flow measurements, and the flow was studied separately in 16 areas of the brain, producing 197 regional double determinations. The patients were maintained in a steady state during and between the measurements, and only differences of less than 2 mm Hg in the arterial CO2 pressure and less than 5 mm Hg in the perfusion pressure were tolerated. The reproducibility was found to be reasonably good as regards initial slope-flow indices and height/area flow indices and height/area flow values, whereas that of the compartmentally calculated flow parameters was poorer. On dividing the series into severely and moderately pathological areas, it could be shown that the reproducibility of the flor values in the moderately pathological brain areas was acceptable and similar to the results reported by others, whereas the reproducibility in the most severely pathological areas of the brain was rather poor, as regards the flow in the fast compartments. The correlation between the various flow parameters was found to be fairly good.
Cerebrovascular autoregulation and CO2 reactivity were measured repeatedly in 3 patients with the multiple system atrophy type of autonomic insufficiency (Shy-Drager syndrome) by means of the 133Xe injection method. The degree of cerebral blood flow (CBF) dysautoregulation showed day-to-day variations in 2 of the 3 patients. The CO2 reactivity was normal or supernormal in the supine position in patients with impaired autoregulation. In the head-up position the response to CO2 was slightly suppressed in 2 of the patients, suggesting that chemical control may have tended to compensate for CBF dysautoregulation. It is concluded that the mechanism of chemical control of the cerebrovasculature is different from that which controls autoregulation and may have partially compensated for CBF dysautoregulation.
We evaluated the analytical reliability of the carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) method of Hansen. Our experience is based on performing over 23,000 CEA assays in more than 10,000 clinical samples. The sensitivity of the assay is 0.5 ng/ml. The precision must be defined as a function of concentration. In the range 2.6 to 12 ng/ml the coefficient of variation is 4.96 to 7.39%. Long-range studies of the reproducibility of the standard curve, over a period of several years and including 435 standard curves, have shown an overall mean B/Bo of 31.45% which is close to the theoretical optimal of 33%. The long-term 90 and 50% intercepts are 0.55 +/- 0.15 and 7.11 +/- 1.0, respectively. Interlaboratory surveys show good agreement between the means of the survey group and the target values but rather large individual discrepancies. The CEA method studied here is sensitive and reproducible in intralaboratory studies but less so in interlaboratory comparisons. The reagents have performed uniformly and close to specifications over an extended period of time.
To study the variability of the fraction of CPK released from the infarcted heart which enters the serum (serum entry ratio, or SER) with size and model of infarction, nine dogs underwent homogeneous infarctions (LAD ligation) of varying sizes, and 10 dogs underwent scattered infarctions (left coronary embolization). In homogeneous infarcts there was an inverse linear relationship of SER to infarct size (IS) (SER = -0.8514% LV + 0.345, r = 0.98). No such relationship was found for scattered infarcts. CPK Kd (exponential disappearance constant for CPK) was not significantly different in homogeneous (-0.00178 min-1) vs scattered infarcts (-0.00195 min-1). Although similar IS was produced in each (homogeneous 19.9% LV, scattered 18.4% LV) cumulative CPK serum entry (CPKr) was much lower in homogeneous (4175 mlU/ml) vs scattered infarcts (7,296 mlU/ml). SER was also much lower in homogeneous (17.7%) vs scattered infarcts (29.0%) (P less than 0.025). Cumulative CPK plateau occurred significantly later in homogeneous (15.8 hours) vs scattered infarcts (11.7 hours) (P less than 0.01). Further corrections to the serial CPK equations for IS determination are indicated. The method may not be applicable in some infarct situations, e.g., scattered infarction.
A method is described for the determination of steroid profiles from urine by means of gas chromatography using high-efficiency glass capillary columns. The accuracy and reproducibility of essential steps in the sample preparation (extraction of steroids and steroid conjugates by means of XAD-2, enzymatic hydrolysis with Helix pomatia juice, solvolysis in acidified ethyl acetate and alkali wash) are established using different endogenously labelled urine samples, obtained from normal subjects to whom labelled steroids had been administered. Preliminary results are given on the reproducibility of the derivatization procedure (formation of methoxime-trimethylsilyl (MO-TMS) ethers), the gas chromatographic analysis and the whole method. Two procedures for the purification of MO-TMS steroid derivatives are compared. Application of the method to urine samples of patients with various endocrine disorders is included.
This study examines the value of urine cytology as a medical surveillance technique in the industrial setting through an evaluation of the variability in interpretation of urine cytology slides. Urine samples were collected from 259 individuals for cytological examination. The slides were read by pathologists and screeners at one large Army medical center and separately read again by an independent pathologist at another Army medical center. The two independent readings for each of the 259 cases were compared. The comparison indicated that overall agreement was fairly high in reporting the presence or absence of inflammatory cells, red blood cells, and atypical (including metaplastic) cells. However, considering positive findings of the presence of red blood cells or atypical cells only, significant differences between the two independent readings were noted when the sign test was applied. Implications of these findings are discussed in light of the use of urine cytology as a medical surveillance tool in occupational medicine.
For the past few years, the whole blood culture method has been scrutinized for its usefulness and reproducibility in evaluating the immunologic status of patients. This method, used in our laboratory mainly screening specimens for evidence of immunodeficiencies, has been systematically evaluated for reproducibility, and factors affecting normal response through testing specimens from over 70 normal persons. Three mitogens (phytohemagglutinin, Concanavalin A, and pokeweed) were studied; peak time responses occurred later than in the separated cell culture method, and they were different for each mitogen. The dose response curves also depended on the mitogen tested, with pokeweed giving a sharp curve and the others a broad plateau. The harvesting procedure was studied by varying reagents and was optimized for speed and efficiency. The mononuclear cell count of the specimen had little effect on the results as long as it remained less than 3.5 X 10(6)/ml. The results for all mitogens followed a similar distribution curve irrespective of whether the results were expressed as cpm or cpm divided by the mononuclear cell count. The use of the stimulation ratio method to express results was less satisfactory. The mean coefficient of variation for all triplicate samples remained 20% or less and for all conditions tested. In evaluating the immunodeficient patient, the whole blood culture method was found to be equally as informative and easier to perform than the separated cell method.
The response of serum TSH to duplicate tests with each of two doses of TRH (30 mug and 500 mug) was studied in 22 normal young adult men. The mean intra-individual variability of the response assessed by duplicate testing (coefficient of variation) was 17% but was as high as 63% in individual subjects. While the actual range of peak TSH values after 500 mug TRH was 2.7-19.5 muU/ml, those subjects (3 of 22) with a peak TSH value between 2 and 5 muU/ml on one occasion were all greater than 5 muU/ml on another. Thus, despite the intra-individual variability, a peak TSH value after 500 mug TRH of less than 2 muU/ml indicates TSH deficiency and greater than 5 muU/ml indicates normal TSH reserve. A peak value of 2-5 muU/ml is an indication for retesting;; a peak TSH value greater than 5 muU/ml on retesting indicates normal TSH reserve.  The use of the maximal increase in TSH above basal values (max deltaTSH) did not have a clear advantage over the use of the peak TSH value although a max deltaTSH greater than 4 muU/ml was equivalent to a peak value greater than 5 muU/ml. No information was lost by using only the TSH value at 30 min after TRH instead of multiple samples. In using these values differences in assay technique should be considered; for example, the use of human TSH standard MRC 68/38 instead of human TSH standard A (MRC 63/14) causes a fall of about 1/3 in measured serum values. The overall TSH response to 500 mug TRH was statistically greater than the response to 30 mug TRH (P less than 0.01); however, in 10 of 22 subjects the response to the two doses was about the same, suggesting that the dose response of TSH to TRH, between 30 mug and 500 mug TRH, is quite shallow. The TSH value 60 min after 500 mug TRH was within 2 muU/ml of the peak TSH value in 12 of 22 subjects on at least one occasion; this pattern of a delayed fall is a normal variant. The peak TSH response to TRH correlated well with the basal level of TSH (P less than 0.001) and thus can be considered a magnifier of the basal level of TSH in normal subjects. While the peak TSH value did not correlate with the basal level of T3, there was a moderate negative correlation of the peak TSH value with the basal level of T4 (P less than 0.02), suggesting that the concentration of serum T4 within the normal range is a determinant of TSH secretion.
Total plasma estriol and unconjugated plasma estriol were measured daily for 8 days in 9 women during the 38th week of pregnancy. The average coefficient of variation of total estriol concentration was 15.0%; that of unconjugated estriol was 16.5 per cent.
The advent of high-capacity multi-channel analyzers allows estimation of long-term variability in serum constituents of large numbers of subjects. By frozen storage of specimens with subsequent analysis in a single machine run, long-term analytical variation may be eliminated, thus sharpening the estimates of intra-individual variation. In the present study we used the Vickers M-300 analyzer to obtain the data for such estimates from 37 male volunteers, each bled once a week for 22 weeks. Secimens were analyzed in random order to eliminate any biasing effect of analytical drift during the 4-h machine run. Ten serum constituents were measured. Storage-induced linear trends were small or negligible during the period of specimen collection. Using the ratio of average within-subject variance to the variance among subjects as a guide, serum alkaline phosphatase was found to show the greatest individuality, sodium and potassium the least. Other constitutents showed varying degrees of individuality, but for all these analytes, the usual population-based reference ranges were found to be either insensitive or irrelevant to the study of concentration changes over time within most healthy subjects. Our results generally confirmed those of smaller but comparable earlier studies.
The nonprotein-bound fraction of bilirubin was determined in undiluted plasma or serum from healthy adult volunteers and newborn infants after addition of unconjugated bilirubin, 12 mg/100 ml. There were significant interindividual difference (2-fold in 13 adults, 2.6-fold in 9 full-term newborn infants) in the free fraction value. Sulfisoxazole, salicylic acid, and salicyluric acid had a pronounced displacing effect on bilirubin in the 10 to 30 mg/100 ml drug concentration range. Aspirin had only a small effect at concentrations below 20 mg/100 ml. There was a very strong correlation between the free fraction value of bilirubin in individual samples of drug-free plasma and in the same plasmas after addition of any one of the 4 drugs studied. This shows that the relative increase of the free fraction of bilirubin induced by any one of the drugs was essentially the same but that the absolute increase varied greatly between subjects. It may be possible, therefore, to predict quanitatively the bilirubin-displacing effect of drugs in individual patients before drug administration by determining the free fraction of bilirubin in a plasma or serum sample obtained prior to initiation of drug therapy.
The serum concentrations of cholic acid (C), chenodeoxycholic acid (CD), and deoxycholic acid (D) before and after a standardised meal were determined in five healthy female subjects using a highly specific and accurate gas chromatographic-mass spectrometric technique. The C level rose significantly 60 minutes after the meal, reached a peak after 90 minutes, and had returned to the original level after 150 minutes. In contrast, the serum concentrations of CD and D displayed a significant rise by 30 minutes, reached a peak after 90 minutes, but had not returned to fasting levels after 150 minutes. The serum bile acid responses after a meal suggest that there is considerable absorption of dihydroxy bile acids in the proximal small intestine in man.
Simultaneous saliva and plasma theophylline levels in 12 chronic asthmatic children were measured by high pressure liquid chromatography following administration of a theophylline preparation. In five subjects, simultaneous plasma and salivary theophylline were measured one week later. A strongly positive correlation between plasma and salivary theophylline levels was found at all time periods tested. There was no substantial difference in the plasma-saliva theophylline ratio determined one week later. A predicted plasma level was compared with the observed value. The proportionality of predicted to observed plasma theophylline levels using either the entire study group mean plasma-saliva ratio or each individual's ratio was approximately 1.00 with 9% variability. When a previously reported plasma-saliva theophylline ratio was used for comparison, the predicted plasma theophylline was 15% above the observed plasma level.
A chimpanzee of simian-type blood groups V.A, cef, G, H, L was isoimmunized with the red cells of another chimpanzee of simian-type V.B, cef, G, H, 1 in order to obtain antibodies of specificity anti-Bc, originally produced in another chimpanzee in 1964. In addition to the desired anti-Bc, the immunized chimpanzee produced also three other antibodies; anti-Yc cross-reactive with chimpanzee red cells of the simian-type Bc and/or Dc, a potent cold autoantibody reactive for red cells of all chimpanzees tested, and 'new' antibodies anti-Oc and anti-Pc. This study confirms the reproducibility of results obtained over a period of 13 years.
A maximum of 22 bands comprising four esterase subgroups--acetylesterase, carboxylesterase, cholinesterase, and acetylcholinesterase--were detected following electrophoresis of lesser snow goose sera on polyacrylamide gels. A minimum of seven structural genes was surmised to be involved in the biosynthesis of these enzymes following physiochemical characterizations. The genetic variability of these loci was calculated to be 1.25% average heterozygosity, while 14.3% of the loci were polymorphic. These estimates of genetic variability were substantially lower than those reported for other vertebrate species. The low degree of genetic variability found in snow goose serum esterases coupled with the extensive protein multiplicity observed may possibly reflect an adaptive strategy based on "biochemical plasticity" rather than genic heterozygosity for this species. The nature of evolutionary forces acting upon multiple enzyme systems such as esterases is discussed. The concept of "conditional neutrality" is introduced and defined within this context.
Creatinine excretion was studied in eight healthy males who collected 54 to 97 24-hour urine specimens. Significant differences among subjects in mean creatinine excretion were only partly explained by differences in body weight and surface area. Considerable daily within-subject variation in creatinine excretion during normal activity was found. Standard deviations were from 10.5 to 14.4 per cent of the mean, and ranges varied from 50 to 79 per cent of the mean. Day-to-day variation appeared to be time dependent rather than entirely random, and could not be explained by unreliability of the assay technique or by incomplete collections. Creatinine excretion values were normally distributed in seven of eight subjects. Individual variation from day to day limits the value of urinary creatinine excretion as an index of the completeness of 24-hour urine collections.
Three models of intraindividual variation are reviewed, and statistical methods for distinguishing among them are discussed. Application of these methods to short series of observations from healthy individuals indicates that, in the large majority of cases, a strictly homeostatic model is appropriate for such constituents as serum calcium and magnesium. In less closely controlled variables, e.g., serum cholesterol and uric acid, a nonstationary, "rndom walk" model appears moresuitable in most cases. A more general autoregressive model, which includes the other models as extreme cases, could be used to describe all degrees of homeostatic control. This model is more complex, however, and requires at least 10 observations to yield estimates of acceptable precision. Moreover, it is sensitive to fluctuations in within-batch analytical variance. When biological variance is small relative to analytical variance, all three models yield essentially the same predicated values. To illustrate their use, these models have been applied to four short individual series of cholesterol observations showing increasing amounts of intrapersonal variation over long periods of time. I suggest that when less than 10 observations over time are available, the strictly homeostatic model and the nonstationary model be used to derive a "critical range" for assessing future changes. When longer series are available, the more general model might replace the other two for this purpose, if analytical variation has remained reasonably stable (within +/- 20% of its average value) during the period of observation. Much more experience with the use of all three models in health monitoring programs would be highly desirable.
A gas chromatographic method has been employed to determine chlorthalidone in plasma and whole blood after therapeutic doses. Radioactively labelled chlorthalidone was used for in vitro studies of the uptake of chlorthalidone from plasma by red blood cells. Chlorthalidone was markedly concentrated in red cells and as a compartment they would account for at least 30% of total drug in the body after multiple doses. The ratio between the plasma and red cell concentration of chlorathidone varied between individuals. After a single oral dose of 50 mg in 6 healthy volunteers chlorthalidone was eliminated with a half-life of 51 to 89 hours. The apparent volume of distribution varied between 3 and 13 1/kg and the clearance between 53 and 145 ml/min. The mean steady-state plasma concentrations during treatment with a standard dose of 50 mg daily (n = 10) varied 5-fold between individuals. During the steady state approximately 50% of the daily dose was excreted unchanged in the urine during 24 hrs. The plasma levels observed in patients were higher than those preducted from the single oral dose studies in healthy volunteers.
We examined whether inter-individual differences in correlation coefficients previously found among subjects truly reflect consistent inter-individual differences or are time-related within an individual. The consitutents studied in this investigation were (a) the enzmes aspartate aminotransferase, alkaline phosphatase, and lactate dehydrogenase; and (b) the non=protein nitrogen-containing constituents urea, uric acid, and creatinine. Ten healthy women were each subjected to 15 venipunctures over a five-week period (Series I), and, after a two-month interval, were again subjected to 15 venipunctures over a second five-week period (Series II). Before statistical analysis, the data were corrected for the batch-to-batch (day-to-day) arnalytical variation. There was a signiificant (P less than .05) change in the covariance structure (variances or correlation coefficients, or both) between the two series in four of the 10 subjects for the combination of enzymes, and in three other subjects for the combination of nonprotein nitrogen constitutents. Although we found a significant (P lees than .05) average intra-individual variation in the mean values from series to series in the cases of the three enzymes and urea, the magnitude of the inter-series variation in means was relatively small. CV's were: alkaline phosphatase, 3.4%; lactate dehydrogenase, 2.3+; aspartate aminotransferase, 3.3%; urea, 5.0%; uric acid, 1.0%; and creatinine, 1.2%.
When plasma hormone levels undergo rapid and large oscillations, as in the case of testosterone, FSH, and LH, a single random sample is likely to yield a result within +/-20% of the true mean value only 68%, 54%, and 30% of the time, respectively. Multiple sampling increases reliability, and computer analysis demonstrates that three equally-spaced samples taken at 6 to 18 min intervals provide the optimum schedule, given certain practical considerations. Pooling of the three plasma samples prior to radioimmunoassay avoids an increased laboratory workload.
A method for determining plasma paroxonase activity using an auto-analyser is described. Frequency distributions for British and Indian subjects show bimodality. A study of 40 British families confirms the presence of a genetic polymorphism with regard to plasma paroxonase activity. Two phenotypes can be defined, controlled by two alleles at one autosomal locus. The frequency of the low activity phenotype is less in the Indian population than in the British population. Malay, Chinese, and African subjects fail to show obvious bimodality.
Plasma protein binding of phenytoin (diphenylhydantoin) in 63 epileptic patients was investigated with an ultrafiltration technique at room temperature using 14C-labelled phenytoin. A strong correlation was found between the total and the unbound drug concentration (r = 0.97, p less than 0.001). The unbound phenytoin fraction was 7.1 +/- 1.0% with a range of 4.9 to 10.2%. This variation is considerably less than that reported recently by different authors. Individual phenytoin binding was reproducible when the determination was repeated several weeks later. Salivary phenytoin concentrations in 33 epileptic patients were significantly correlated to the unbound (r = 0.83) and total concentrations (r = 0.82) of phenytoin in plasma. This study confirms that the clinical practice of monitoring total phenytoin plasma concentrations is sufficient, since the unbound phenytoin fraction has only a 2-fold interindividual variation in epileptic patients, provided that they do not suffer from renal or hepatic disease.
Variation in the fatty acid composition of fasting plasma lipids and of cholesteryl esters was studied in 69 sets of adult male twins and 25 of their brothers. Genetic variances were estimated using the twin model. In general, monozygotic (MZ) twins were characterized by the smallest within-pair variance, and brothers of twins by the largest. Variation within dizygotic pairs fell imtermediate to that of MZ twins and brothers. The present study did not reveal consistent significant (P greater than 0.05) genetic variation in plasma fatty acids from total plasma lipids or cholesteryl esters.
A previous study had shown that only MZ twins are easily exchanged by trained police dogs. This is certainly due to the superimposability of the biochemical basis of body scent. A different approach has now been tried, based on plasma protein fractionating procedures. A pilot study has shown that PolyAcrilamide Gel Electrophoresis (PAGE) results, as expected, in widely different patterns only in DZ twin pairs. Plasma specimens from a sample of 55 supposedly MZ twin pairs were analysed by PAGE. The substantial superimposability of MZ cotwin patterns was confirmed. Analysis of the different fractions indicates the extent of environmental variability. Application to zygosity determination is suggested.
No alterations on different occasions in serum complement levels could be detected in patients suffering from recurrent aphthous stomatitis. General laboratory tests were also normal and these findings are further evaluated in the discussion. It was also found that it is possible to store serum at very low temperature for months and still carry out rather sofisticated laboratory analysis.
In 39 hospitalized patients with suspected gastrointestinal bleeding and given intravenous 51Cr-labeled red cells, reactions of three chemical spot tests for fecal occult blood were compared with the "true" blood loss as determined by stool radioassay. Guaiac reagent and orthotolidine (Hematest) tablets were extremely sensitive, but yielded false-positive reaction rates of 72% and 76%, respectively on the 240 stool specimens compared. A modified guaiac test (Hemoccult) exhibited a false positive rate of 12%. Of the 27 patients entering the study due to positive guaiac or Hematest screening tests, 17 (63%) were not bleeding. Hemoccult, approximately 1/4 as sensitive as guaiac and Hematest, could miss lesions with low rates of bleeding unless multiple stools were tested. While barium had no effect, iron therapy or laxatives tended to lower both false-positive and false-negative reactions for all reagents. A positive Hemoccult test usually indicated significant gastrointestinal bleeding and would appear to be the test of choice provided at least 3 stools are tested to minimize false-negative results.
The reproducibility of the intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) and the serum insulin response to this test have been studied in 48 healthy middle-aged men participating in a health screening program. Two tests were done 4-6 weeks apart. The subjects were ambulatory, and no diet prescriptions other than recommendation of an overnight fast were given. Under these circumstances the correlation between the K values of the two tests was low (r equals 0.55), and the equation for linear regression was y equals 0.56 x + 0.61. The intraindividual variation was 21 per cent, expressed as the coefficient of variation. The early increases in glucose-stimulated serum insulin concentrations in the two tests were significantly correlated (r equals 0.87), and this equation for linear regress was y equals 0.81 x + 10. The coefficient of variation intraindividually for this determination was 20 per cent. We conclude that the K values of the IVGTTs must be judged with caution when obtained in ambulatory practice, especially when the result is used for preventive measures and long-term follow-up of asymptomatic individuals.
The relative iron, copper and mercury contents of individual, isolated erythrocytes from eight people were determined by analytical electron microscopy. The variation in iron content between erythrocytes of the same sample is more than six times, for copper content more than tem times and for mercury more than five times. Similar variations were observed for 1-day-old chick defintive erythrocytes and for 4-day-old chick embryo primitive erythrocytes. The range of variation does not depend greatly, it at all, on the age of the erythroyctes or the tissue of origin. There is little or no correlation between the variation of iron contnet and that of copper. The cause of the wide variation of metallic ion contnt among erythroyctes is not yet known.
The accumulation of lead in human scalp hair was compared in male and female children and adults from various locations in the United Sates, Japan, Yugoslavia, Iran, and South Africa. The most significant variables which influenced the concentration of lead in hair were ingestion of lead-containing substances, exposure to lead of environmental origin, place of residence, site from which the hair specimen was sampled relative to its distance from the scalp, and age. The least significant variables were sex and nutritional deficiencies.
A radioimmunoassay of angiotensin I has been applied to the measurement of plasma renin activity. Angiotensin I was generated in plasma samples by 3 h incubation at 37 degrees C and pH 5.6 after addition of EDTA and Dowex. The generated amount of angiotensin I was measured by radioimmunoassay in the eluate of the Dowex column. With this method a negligible amount of angiotensin I was measured after incubation at 4 degrees C (0.8 ng/ml per 3 h). Eluate of blank plasma had no measurable effect on the standard curve. The mean recovery of angiotensin I was 87%. The limit of detection of the assay was 0.5 ng/ml per 3 h. The results obtained using different antisera were equal. A marked variation was found in immunological properties of different standard preparations of angiotensin I tested. The mean value of angiotensin I generation per Goldblatt Unit (G.U.) renin was 3.9 with 10-4 ng/h. In normotensive control subjects, the plasma renin concentration, whileon unrestricted diet and after 3 h of ambulation, was on average 0.39 with 10-minus 4 G.U./ml, range 0.12 with 10-minus 4-0.91 with 10-minus 4. With the use of the same plasma extracts for radioimmunoassay and bioassay, a perfect correlation was found between the plasma renin activities measured with both assays. The differences found between the results of both assays could be fully explained by the different biological activities of the standards used (Angiotensin I, Schwarz Mann, and Angiotensin II, Ciba-Geigy). With a direct radioimmunoassay, angiotensin I was generated in plasma by 3 h incubation at 37 degrees C and pH 5.6 after addition of phenylmethanesulfonyl fluoride, 8-hydroxyquinoline and 2,3-dimercaptopropanol (dimercaprol). The generated amount of angiotensin I was measured by the above mentioned radioimmunoassay. A fairish correlation was found between the generated amounts of angiotensin I measured in the Dowex eluate and those found in the incubated plasma. Especially in the lowest range, lower values were obtained by the latter assay. However, the generated amounts of angiotensin I measured in non-incubated plasma samples (3 h at 4 degrees C) was on average 6.4 ng/ml per 3 h and accounted for 748% of the amounts found after incubation at 37 degrees C.
The intra-subject correlations of three clinically meaningful combinations of serum constituents--(a) potassium, calcium, and albumin; (b) urea, creatinine, and uric acid; and (c) aspartate aminotransferase, lactate dehydrogenase, and alkaline phosphatase--were studied in 11 healthy men. Duplicate serum samples were obtained at 800 h, 1100 h, and 1400 h on five different days. All assays were performed on the AutoChemist Multichannel Analyzer. Correlation coefficients differed significantly among the subjects for the following six pairs of serum constituents: urea and creatinine, urea and uric acid, creatinine and uric acid, aspartate aminotransferase and lactate dehydrogenase, aspartate aminotransferase and alkaline phosphatase, and lactate dehydrogenase and alkaline phosphatase. Nonbiological positive correlation between analytical errors (i.e., errors of two different assays performed on the same specimen) was demonstrated for two of the pairs: potassium and calcium, and aspartate aminotransferase and lactate dehydrogenase. The error correlations of these two pairs of constituents comprised a significant component of the observed intra-subject correlations. Probable reasons for these analytical error correlations are discussed.
Erythrocyte and plasma cholinesterase activities were measured biweekly in one group of 22 subjects for a year and daily for three weeks in another group of nine men. The average range [i.e., (range/mean) X 100] of activity of erythrocyte cholinesterase in men during a year was 8% and during three weeks was 5%. For plasma, the corresponding values were 25% and 12%. The average ranges for erythrocyte and plasma cholinesterase activity in women during a year were 12% and 24%. Erythrocyte cholinesterase activity varies less than do hematocrit, hemoglobin, or erythrocyte count.
1 When a drug is metabolized in the liver the total area under the plasma or blood concentration-time curve following oral drug administration is less than the area obtained after intravenous drug administration. This difference has been termed the 'first-pass effect'. 2 General equations for the areas below the blood or plasma concentration-time curve of a drug following intravenous and oral drug administration are derived. 3 An explicit expression for the ratio of areas below the blood or plasma concentration-time curves following intravenous and oral drug administration is derived. 4 By the application of the derived equations it is shown that the relative contribution of hepatic drug metabolism and urinary excretion to inter-subject variation in drug elimination can be easily ascertained.
After 3 tests for male sex behavior, adult male guinea pigs were classified as either low-activity (LA, no ejaculations) or high-activity (HA, ejaculation during at least 2 behavior tests). In one experiment, resting levels of peripheral plasma testosterone (T), measured by radioimmunoassay, did not differ between the groups (LA=2.22 +/- 0.17 ng/ml, HA=2.09 +/- 0.11 ng/ml, X +/- SEM). However, plasma T levels were significantly higher in HA males 2 min after a sex test (2.27 +/- 0.24 ng/ml) than in LA males (1.40 +/- 0.20 ng/ml). A second experiment confirmed these results and also demonstrated that exposure of HA or LA males to an estrous female placed on the opposite side of a wire mesh barrier similarly led to higher T levels in HA than in LA males. These results indicate that a) behavioral differences between HA and LA guinea pigs are not attributable to differences in resting T levels, b) HA and LA males perceive the sex test situation differently, leading to slight increases in T in HA males and slight decreases in T in LA males, and c) these changes in T level are not dependent on copulation but can be induced by mere exposure to the sight smell and/or sound of an estrous female.
The usefulness of plasma antiepileptic drug concentrations in treatment of epilepsy has been established, and many laboratories provide this service. A "blind" survey utilizing pooled patient plasma samples was conducted among 197 laboratories in the United States and Canada to establish the interlaboratory reproducibility. Three "patient specimens" containing different amounts of phenobarbital, phenytoin (diphenylhydantoin), primidone, and ethosuximide were employed; 112 laboratories reported results within five weeks. The average cost for analyzing four drugs in a single sample was $43.27. Half of the laboratories reported results outside +/- 1 standard deviation of the mean of five reference laboratories. Wide interlaboratory variability must be considered by the practicing physician. Until certified antiepileptic drug standards in a biologic matrix are available from the National Bureau of Standards, a volunteer quality control program among laboratories is needed.
This study was designed to assess the variability of luteinizing hormone (LH), follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) levels over time in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Serum LH, FHS and DHEAS concentrations were determined for four consecutive monthly intervals in three groups of women: group 1, normal cycling women in the follicular phase (n = 9); group 2, normal cycling women in the luteal phase (n = 10); and group 3, women with PCOS (n = 11). For LH, DHEAS and the LH/FSH ratio, a histogram was constructed based on whether the subjects in each group had 0, 1, 2, 3 or 4 high values. In addition, the coefficient of variation (CV) for the four individual values of each hormone was determined for each subject to quantitatively assess the variability of measurement over time. Histographic analysis revealed that an elevated LH value or an elevated LH/FSH ratio in PCOS was inconsistent. For DHEAS, 9 of 11 PCOS subjects had either 0 (n = 7) or 4 (n = 2) high values, suggesting that such determinations are relatively consistent. We conclude that (1) isolated LH or LH/FSH measurements may not be sufficiently reproducible to be clinically useful despite evidence that LH values may be more stable in PCOS than in normal women and (2) a normal or high DHEAS value in PCOS is more likely to be consistently replicated, although the number of subjects studied limits the power of this conclusion.
Two hundred eighty-eight serum specimens from 144 asymptomatic menopausal women were assayed two times each for CA 125. The specimens were randomly assigned to sixteen CA 125 kits. Our purpose was to quantitate the biological variability and the assay variability that occurs at low levels of this tumor marker. All of the subjects had CA 125 values less than 35 units/ml. The total error from all sources was about 13% of the observed values. These findings suggest that single, low CA 125 values are reliable indicators of a woman's true CA 125 value. Clinical trials of ovarian cancer screening that incorporate CA 125 measurements should evaluate the performance of this test at thresholds lower than the usual 35 units/ml.
Male and female wild Norway rats (Rattus norvegicus Erxleben) and males and female albino outbred rats (Ipf:RIZ) were crossbred. The resulting animals (F1 hybrids) were the control, noninbred group (0% inbred). By systematic full-sib mating, two experimental groups (50 and 91% of inbred) were produced. Half of each group (both males and females) was exposed to physical stress (3 days of starvation and 3 hr of swimming). The other half of each group was anesthetized using ether to collect blood. The anterior pituitary hormone concentrations of prolactin (PRL), corticotropin (ACTH), and growth hormone (rGH) in blood serum were determined by the radioimmunoassay method. Significant relationships between the PRL, ACTH, and rGH concentrations in blood serum and the inbreeding coefficient were observed: A significant PRL content decrease in blood serum occurred (linear function) and the rGH and ACTH content diminished significantly rapidly (quadratic function). These changes were affected by an increase in homozygosity. Stress significantly influenced PRL, ACTH, and rGH concentrations as well. The sex of rats significantly determined PRL and ACTH content only. Hormone levels were also influenced by interactions between the factors studied (inbred level, sex, stress).
Recent studies focused on the diversity and molecular organization of the human TCR-beta complex have begun to establish the genetic basis for the potential repertoire of V beta specificities in T cells. The scope and variability of the actual repertoire derived from this potential repertoire, however, remains to be clarified. In this study, V beta usage by human peripheral T cells derived from serial samples of the same individual, identical twins, and the members of three nuclear families that include four members with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) was assessed by both quantitative polymerase chain reaction and Northern blotting with V beta subfamily-specific probes. Samples taken from the same individual over a period of 21 months and analyzed in separate experiments indicated stability in the peripheral repertoire, whereas the similarity in peripheral V beta usage in a pair of identical twins suggested a strong role for genetics in shaping the peripheral T cell repertoire. In contrast, V beta usage in siblings and in unrelated individuals was observed to differ substantially. In particular, peripheral expression of V beta 3 and V beta 20 differed by more than sixfold among members of two different families. Segregation analysis of TCR and HLA haplotypes in these families suggested that variation in V beta 20 expression was TCR haplotype specific. Subsequent nucleotide sequence analysis of the V beta 20 gene segment in multiple members of these families revealed the presence of a null allele for V beta 20 expression. No consistent significant differences in V beta usage were observed in IDDM patients relative to their siblings or between identical twins discordant for IDDM. These results suggest that the repertoire of peripheral T cell specificities present in different individuals in human populations varies dramatically because of the effects of multiple factors, including TCR germ-line polymorphism.
1. The serum protein binding of theophylline was studied in 28 asthmatics and 11 patients with cystic fibrosis (CF) who were receiving the drug regularly. Peak theophylline samples were collected at 2 week intervals on four occasions in each asthmatic and on three occasions in each CF patient. The binding was measured using ultrafiltration at 37 degrees C and pH 7.4. The total and free (unbound) theophylline concentrations were measured using high-performance liquid chromatography. 2. The mean free-fractions (+/- s.d.) in asthmatics (0.50 +/- 0.03) and in CF patients (0.51 +/- 0.04) were not significantly different. The intra- and inter-subject variability in the free-fraction (fu) was relatively small in both patient groups. The binding was found to be concentration-independent at serum theophylline concentrations up to 30.9 micrograms ml-1. The effects of age, gender, serum albumin and total serum protein on the free fraction were evaluated. 3. The results indicate that the binding of theophylline is similar in the two disease states. The low degree of variability in serum theophylline binding indicates that measurements of total serum theophylline concentrations will reflect unbound serum concentrations with acceptable accuracy in both patient groups studied.
We conducted a pilot study to investigate the serum level patterns of 3 commercial and internationally introduced 8-methoxypsoralen (8-MOP) preparations in 9 patients for their bioequivalence and registered the interindividual variability of serum levels over 8 h after intake of 30 mg 8-MOP equivalent doses. On average, the highest serum levels (Cmax 120.1, range 235-61 ng.ml-1) were reached as early as 0.5-1 h after ingestion of Geroxalen soft gelatin capsules, whereas lower serum levels were seen after intake of the Oxsoralen hard gelatin capsules (Cmax 82.3, range 154-47 ng.ml-1) and the Mopsoralen tablets (Cmax 81.3, range 172-26 ng.ml-1). The importance of 8-MOP serum level determination for better and efficient PUVA therapy is discussed.
A biomonitoring protocol, using blood cholinesterase (ChE) activity in livestock as a monitor of potential organophosphate nerve agent exposure during the planned destruction of US unitary chemical warfare agent stockpiles, is described. The experimental design included analysis of blood ChE activity in individual healthy sheep, horses, and dairy and beef cattle during a 10- to 12-month period. Castrated and sexually intact males, pregnant and lactating females, and adult and immature animals were examined through at least one reproductive cycle. The same animals were used throughout the period of observation and were not exposed to ChE-inhibiting organophosphate or carbamate compounds. A framework for an effective biomonitoring protocol within a monitoring area includes establishing individual baseline blood ChE activity for a sentinel group of 6 animals on the bases of blood samples collected over a 6-month period, monthly collection of blood samples for ChE-activity determination during monitoring, and selection of adult animals as sentinels. Exposure to ChE-inhibiting compounds would be suspected when all blood ChE activity of all animals within the sentinel group are decreased greater than 20% from their own baseline value. Sentinel species selection is primarily a logistical and operational concern; however, sheep appear to be the species of choice because within-individual baseline ChE activity and among age and gender group ChE activity in sheep had the least variability, compared with data from other species. This protocol provides an effective and efficient means for detecting abnormal depressions in blood ChE activity in livestock and can serve as a valuable indicator of the extent of actual plume movement and/or deposition in the event of organophosphate nerve agent release.
Anion-exchange, high performance liquid chromatography was used to determine purine nucleotides in lymphocytes of healthy males and females of various ages. We observed a considerable dispersion of values which were unrelated to age or sex, possibly linked to various states of activation of circulating lymphocytes and to other unknown factors.
OBJECTIVE: To look for patterns of antisperm antibody expression in women by exploring the levels of antisperm antibodies in different body fluids. This was achieved by studying sequential serum samples from individual patients and by comparing the levels of antisperm antibodies in serum from a number of patients with the levels of antisperm antibodies in cervical mucus or peritoneal fluid (PF). DESIGN: Prospective studies were performed on sequential serum samples within a menstrual cycle. Retrospective studies were done to compare antisperm antibodies in serum and mucus or PF. The immunobead assay was used to measure antisperm antibodies in these fluids. SETTING: Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center, Lebanon, New Hampshire. PATIENTS: A random sample of patients undergoing evaluation for infertility. RESULTS: The levels of antisperm antibodies in sera drawn from patients at different points in a menstrual cycle stimulated by the presence of exogenous hormones did not change during the follicular phase of the menstrual cycle. Also, in many samples, the antisperm antibody level in serum did not correlate with the antisperm antibody levels in mucus or PF. CONCLUSIONS: The data suggest that measurement of antisperm antibodies at a single point in time or from a single fluid is not sufficient when evaluating a woman for immunological infertility. The data also suggest that numerous and complex factors contribute to the expression of antisperm antibodies in women. 
Ascitic cirrhotic patients are a heterogenous population with respect to factors that may affect plasma human atrial natriuretic peptide levels (such as degree of plasma volume and plasma levels of angiotensin II, vasopressin and norepinephrine). Thus the proven variability of plasma human atrial natriuretic peptide values in ascitic cirrhotic patients may be due also to the selection of patients, not only to the study conditions. The response to standardized stepped-care medical treatment of ascites makes it possible to characterize ascitic cirrhotic patients with different patterns of renal sodium excretion, intrarenal sodium handling, plasma renin activity, plasma aldosterone and thus, probably, effective circulating volume. Consequently, we evaluated human atrial natriuretic peptide plasma levels in controls (n = 23), in ascitic cirrhotic patients who underwent spontaneous diuresis (group A, n = 7) and in cirrhotic patients who required diuretic treatment (group B, n = 44). The last group was then divided into two subgroups. Subgroup B-R (n = 25) included patients who responded to spironolactone alone, whereas subgroup B-NR (n = 19) included patients who did not respond to 500 mg/day spironolactone. All patients were maintained on identical normocaloric restricted sodium intake (80 mEq/day) throughout the study. Ascitic cirrhotic patients, as a whole, had higher values of human atrial natriuretic peptide than did controls (70.8 +/- 46.6 pg/ml vs. 41.7 +/- 16.3 pg/ml, p < 0.025). No difference was found in human atrial natriuretic peptide/plasma renin activity between the two groups (87 +/- 160 pg/ng/hr vs. 44 +/- 73 pg/ng/hr, p = NS).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
OBJECTIVE: To determine the variability of protein excretion in patients with proteinuric hypertension and the accuracy of either a urinary protein/creatinine ratio or a Multistix examination for the estimation of a 24 h protein excretion. DESIGN: An indwelling urinary catheter was placed for 24 h and successive 8 h specimens examined. SETTING: A tertiary referral hospital in Cape Town, South Africa. SUBJECTS: 22 women with significant proteinuria in pregnancy were studied. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The urine volume, protein excretion and creatinine excretion in eight hourly periods were measured. Multistix examination of each specimen was recorded. RESULTS: A large coefficient of variation in urine volume (41%), amount of protein excreted (44%) and the amount of creatinine excreted (22%) in the eight hourly specimens were noted. The protein creatinine ratio did not accurately predict the 24 h protein excretion. The Multistix examination was less accurate with increasing amounts of proteinuria. The amount of creatinine excreted correlated with the volume of urine passed (r = 0.43). CONCLUSION: The analysis of a 24 h specimen or urine for protein excretion remains the best method of monitoring proteinuria in pregnancy. The amount of creatinine excreted in 24 h cannot be used as an index of completeness of collection of the 24 h specimen. 
Twelve nonlactating dairy cows, free of signs of liver disease and with normal serum activities of liver-derived enzymes and normal liver biopsy tissue, were examined over a 72-hour period for serum total bile acid concentrations. The cattle were fed hay twice daily, and blood samples were obtained every hour for 24 hours, every other hour for 24 hours, then every hour for 24 hours. After 3 weeks, the study was repeated on 6 of the cattle, thus providing data for eighteen 72-hour periods. Serum bile acid concentration varied greatly over the 72 hours, with the range being from one third to 3 times the median. There were variations by as much as 60 mumol/L from 1 hour to the next. After another 3 weeks, 8 of the cattle were deprived of hay for 48 hours and then fed hay morning and afternoon of the third (last) day of the study. There was no significant reduction in bile acid concentration after withholding the hay, but the variability was reduced (P = 0.02) during the last 20 hours of the hay-deprivation period. In 3 ancillary studies, serum bile acid concentrations were examined over a 48-hour period in 2 cows in early lactation, 3 cows in midlactation, and two 6-month-old heifers. The cows were fed hay and grain twice daily, and the heifers were fed only hay twice daily. In comparison with values for the 12 nonlactating cows fed hay twice daily, mean serum bile acid concentration in the recently freshened cows was significantly (P < 0.002) higher (62.9 vs 22.0 mumol/L).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Hemostatic variables are increasingly recognized as atherothrombotic risk markers and their susceptibility to lifestyle changes has therefore considerable interest. To study this subject knowledge of the spontaneous variability of measures of coagulation and fibrinolysis is required. We monitored 17 young male adults with constant lifestyles for a year and here present characteristics of the observed variability of factor VII coagulant activity (F VIIc), fibrinogen, fibrinolytic variables and blood lipids. The variables differed considerably with regard to total variability (range of CV (%): 13-54) and with respect to relative size of the inter- and intrapersonal components of variation. None of the variables showed seasonal changes of biological significance. Descriptive statistics of the same variables measured in 74 young healthy adults (19 women, 55 men) are also reported. These values may be used as a reference for comparable groups of individuals. Serum triglycerides were significantly associated with F VIIc (Spearman's Rs = 0.24, P < 0.05) and plasma concentrations fo the plasminogen activator inhibitor type I (Spearman's RS = 0.23, P = 0.05). An increased thrombotic tendency with elevated triglyceride levels was thus indicated. Serum cholesterol was not associated with hemostatic variables, except for plasminogen activator activity (Spearman's Rs = 0.31, P < 0.05).
Egg output in urinary schistosomiasis can be influenced by several factors, such as time of collection of urine, day to day variations, seasonal variations and environmental conditions. Additionally there are unavoidable random errors inherent in every test procedure. To assess the precision of Schistosoma haematobium egg counts, carried out after paper filtration, two measures are determined, namely repeatability (r) and reproducibility (R). 10 aliquots of 10 urine samples are examined by 5 microscopists and values for r and R are calculated following the methods of the British Standards Institution (BSI, 1987). Results show unexpectedly high values for the 2 measures in relation to the overall means in all 10 urine samples, and analyses of variance confirm that there are large variations between aliquots of equal volume drawn from the same urine specimen, highly significant in all 10 urine specimens; variations between microscopists are considerably lower and only highly significant in one urine specimen. The Poisson heterogeneity test for all urine samples refutes in 9 out of 10 cases the hypothesis that aliquots of equal volume taken from a well mixed urine sample could reasonably be drawn from a Poisson distribution. It is therefore concluded that egg counts are very valuable for community studies and should always be performed, but results must be interpreted with more caution than before and great care taken in analyzing counts (especially in longitudinal studies), in classifying them and in relating them to morbidity.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Recent evidence concerning the pathogenesis of equine degenerative myeloencephalopathy indicated that low blood alpha-tocopherol values are a factor in the disease process. Variables that could be introduced by a veterinarian procuring, transporting, or storing samples were evaluated for effects on alpha-tocopherol concentration in equine blood. These variables included temperature; light; exposure to the rubber stopper of the evacuated blood collection tube; hemolysis; duration of freezing time, with and without nitrogen blanketing; and repeated freeze/thaw cycles. It was found that hemolysis caused the greatest change in high-performance liquid chromatography-measured serum alpha-tocopherol values, with mean decrease of 33% (P < 0.001). Lesser, but significant (P < 0.01) changes in serum alpha-tocopherol values were an approximate 10% decrease when refrigerated blood was left in contact with the red rubber stopper of the blood collection tube for 72 hours and an approximate 5% increase when blood was stored at 20 to 25 C (room temperature) for 72 hours. Repeated freeze/thaw cycles resulted in a significant (P < 0.05) 3% decrease in alpha-tocopherol values in heparinized plasma by the third thawing cycle. Freezer storage for a 3-month period without nitrogen blanketing resulted in slight (2%) decrease in mean serum alpha-tocopherol values, whereas values in serum stored for an identical period under nitrogen blanketing did not change. A significant (P < 0.001) mean decrease (10.3%) in alpha-tocopherol values was associated with freezer (-16 C) storage of nitrogen blanketed serum for 6 months.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Theoretically, pulmonary blood flow can be measured by the uptake of a 'soluble' gas (e.g. freon-22) compared with an 'insoluble' gas (e.g. argon). As with all indirect methods, a number of uncertainties exist. Inhalation of a freon-22 and argon mixture (3.5%, 10%, 35% O2 balance N2) was made, with a subsequent, slow steady exhalation. The complete manoeuvre is termed the single breath technique (SBT). The repeatability of the SBT was assessed over four repeat measurements at rest, the mean difference between paired measurements lying in the range -0.09 to 0.04 l min-1, excluding the first trial measurements. Various features of the SBT were investigated to assess their influence on the reliability of the technique. It is shown: that the initial volume inhaled should be close to vital capacity; that a brief period of apnoea greater than 9 s following inhalation is necessary; that the subsequent exhalation should be about 10 l min-1; and that difficulties associated with recirculation of freon-22 are not encountered, presumably due to its wide distribution in body water. Under these highly controlled circumstances the technique is reliable.
Laser Doppler Flowmetry (LDF) was used to characterize skin blood perfusion variations present within the Homozygous Hairless mouse ear microvasculature as a function of 1) arteriolar level within the microvasculature, 2) animal age and 3) LDF probe distance above the tissue being studied. To this end blood perfusion measurements (arbitrary perfusion units) were made in the ear at vascular sites in the vicinity of primary vessels (site A), secondary vessels (site B), tertiary vessels (site C), and peripheral zones distant from larger vessels. These were done without any invasive procedures save anesthesia administration and were carried out at three different tissue-probe distances (0.5, 0.75 and 1.0 mm) on three groups of eight mice each with ages of three, five and eight weeks. Results show a significant gradient in perfusion from sites A to D in each age group and a significant increase in perfusion with increasing age. The effect of probe-tissue distance variations on perfusion values was found to be significant between 0.5 mm and 1.0 mm but overall differences were small. In addition to these specific findings the present results demonstrate the potential of LDF as a means of detecting, evaluating and correlating perfusion changes, either by itself or as a complementary method to detailed microvascular measurements using conventional in vivo microscopy.
A series of recent studies have reported detection by the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) of cell-free human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) DNA (as opposed to virion RNA) in serum from both seropositive and seronegative persons. To evaluate the sensitivity, specificity, and reproducibility of PCR detection of cell-free HIV-1 DNA, we distributed coded panels containing 98 serum specimens obtained from well-characterized, infected individuals and control blood donors to the two laboratories with reported experience with this technique. Positive results were reported with HIV-1 gag primers (SK38/39) for 48 of 188 separate PCR determinations on DNA extracts from 44 serum samples from seropositive patients (25.5% sensitivity). HIV-1 gag signal was also reported for 28 of 151 PCR determinations on 34 samples from noninfected blood donors (18.5% false-positive rate). PCR for HIV-1 env DNA performed in one laboratory was negative on all specimens from seropositive and seronegative patients. Results for cell-free HIV-1 gag and human genomic (beta-globin or HLA DQ-alpha) DNA were inconsistent on replicate and serial specimens evaluated within each laboratory and between laboratories. These results indicate that current techniques for detecting cell-free HIV-1 DNA in serum lack adequate sensitivity, specificity, and reproducibility for widespread clinical applications.
Two cases of acute hepatic failure are reported in which the diagnosis of Wilson's disease was considered because of low serum ceruloplasmin, low serum copper levels and high 24 h urinary copper. Case 1 had Kayser-Fleischer rings, haemolysis and a high 24 h urinary copper, and so Wilson's disease was confidently diagnosed. Case 2 had high urinary copper excretion, but [64Cu] study indicated a 24:2 h ratio of 0.7 and made the diagnosis of Wilson's disease uncertain. Both patients underwent orthotopic hepatic transplantation, and multiple biopsies were taken from the resected specimen in order to estimate hepatic copper levels. In both cases, hepatic copper levels revealed considerable variation: 0.8-5.2 mumol/g dry wt (case 1) vs 0.02-12.65 mumol/g dry wt (case 2). In case 1, only two of 14 levels were within the diagnostic range for Wilson's disease (greater than 4 mumol/g dry wt), whereas hepatic copper levels in case 2 were in the Wilsonian disease range in three of 16 specimens. These results were in contrast to uniformly high hepatic copper levels in one patient with established cirrhosis secondary to Wilson's disease and two cases of primary biliary cirrhosis. This report indicates that hepatic copper levels vary greatly in acute liver failure, and that estimates from a single biopsy specimen may be misleading as to the cause of the underlying liver disease.
Teniposide is a widely used anticancer drug that is extensively bound to plasma proteins (greater than 95%). We evaluated the drug's plasma protein binding in nine patients with acute lymphocytic leukemia who were in their first complete remission, and in a second group of nine patients at the time of relapse and subsequently after achieving another complete remission. Plasma protein binding was assessed by equilibrium dialysis, with direct high-performance liquid chromatographic measurement of total and free teniposide. The mean unbound fraction was 0.44% (0.21-0.88%) in the plasma of patients in first remission. It was significantly higher in patients at the time of relapse (mean = 0.86%; range 0.68-1.08%) and after achieving another complete remission (mean = 1.25%; range 0.51-2.11%). Serum albumin values were significantly lower at the time of relapse (mean = 4.6 vs 4.0 mg/dl; p less than 0.014), and decreased further during intensive postremission therapy containing L-asparaginase (mean = 3.2; p less than 0.05). For all 18 patients, a significant negative correlation (r2 = 0.667; p less than 0.001) was found between serum albumin and unbound teniposide, with low albumin being associated with higher unbound fraction. Such patients have higher systemic exposure to unbound (presumably active) teniposide at any given total plasma concentration of the agent.
Bidirectional laser Doppler velocimetry (BLDV) for the measurement of retinal blood flow was validated in six anaesthetised minipigs, by comparing BLDV derived results with those obtained using radioactively labelled microspheres (RLM). The mean velocity of blood (Vmean) was calculated from the maximum red blood cell velocity measured by BLDV. Volumetric flow rate was determined from Vmean and vessel diameter, measure from monochromatic fundus photographs. Total retinal blood flow (TRBF) was calculated by summating flow values obtained for each retinal vein draining into the optic disc. A significant correlation was found between the TRBF results obtained by the two techniques (r = 0.99, p less than 0.001). The BLDV results were between 3-35 microliters/min lower than the corresponding RLM results (p = 0.05). Values of 57 +/- 24 microliters/min and 76 +/- 34 microliters/min were obtained for TRBF using the BLDV and RLM techniques respectively. Reproducibility studies with BLDV were also performed in six anaesthetised pigs over three hours and in six normal human volunteers over two hours and two weeks. No significant difference between measurements was found with time. Ninety five percent confidence limits of +/- 9.8% for the six pigs and +/- 8.9% for the six human volunteers were found for measurements on the same day and at two weeks. We conclude that with a sample size of six, changes in flow of approximately 20% can be detected using BLDV and monochromatic fundus photography.
The results of studies carried out to evaluate the relationship of estradiol to coronary heart disease and its risk factors in men have been conflicting. Three possible causes of these conflicting results are (a) an inherent variability of the estradiol level within individual men; (b) the confounding effects on the estradiol level of certain common exogenous factors such as psychological stress, cigarette smoking, and coffee drinking; and (c) methodology and study design. The present study was conducted to test in men the inherent variability of the serum estradiol level and the effects of psychological stress (college examinations), cigarette smoking, and coffee drinking on the serum estradiol level. Subsets of 41 men, 19-57 years of age, were studied. A highly significant correlation in the estradiol levels was found between two fasting samples taken 30 minutes, 19.1 (mean) days, 2-6 months, and 10-89 months apart. Neither the stress of college examinations nor 30 minutes of cigarette smoking or coffee drinking had any apparent effect on the serum estradiol level, even in the presence of a two- to fivefold increase in the level of other hormones in four subjects with an autonomic reaction (three to smoking and one to venipuncture). It appears that the serum estradiol level is remarkably stable in men when taken under controlled conditions and that neither inherent fluctuation in this level nor the effects of the exogenous factors as studied are responsible for the conflicting results.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The effect of 2 cuff design changes on the mechanical reliability of the current AS800 artificial urinary sphincter was assessed in 126 patients. The surface-treated cuff was introduced in 1983 and the narrow-back design was introduced in 1987. Mean followup for the surface-treated cuff was 40 months, while that for the narrow back was 27.2 months. The incidence of cuff leaks was 1.3%, while the revision rate for clinically significant pressure atrophy, in the absence of a bladder flap urethroplasty, was 2.3%. The overall revision rate for clinically significant pressure atrophy was 9%. No leaks involving the balloon or tubing occurred. The mechanical reliability of the current AS800 artificial urinary sphincter has improved significantly.
A timed urine collection is necessary to determine the excretion rate of albumin (AER) but such specimens are tedious to collect and frequently inaccurate. Albumin excretion can also be quantified by the use of the albumin:creatinine ratio in randomly obtained specimens. In the present study the agreement between AER as measured on a 24-h urine collection and as estimated from the albumin:creatinine ratio is determined. Previously published studies have examined the correlation rather than the agreement between these methods and not taken into account the biological variability of AER. Thirty patients with diabetes who had normal renal function, but varying degrees of albuminuria, produced two 24-h specimens and two random daytime specimens of urine. AER was measured on the former and estimated from the latter by multiplying the albumin:creatinine ratio by an estimate of that individual's creatinine excretion rate. Agreement between the methods and the biological variability was determined by using appropriate statistical methodology, the main outcome measure being the limits of agreement between repeat values for both measurements and both estimates of AER, and between the averages of the measurements and the estimates. The limits of agreement between repeated 24-h measurements were wide, the second specimen being 33 to 490% of the first. The estimates of AER gave values numerically similar to the measurements. The limits of agreement between the two estimates did not differ significantly from those of the measurements, nor did the limits of agreement when the average of the measurements and the average of the estimates were compared (all NS).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
A rapid urinary luteinizing hormone (LH) test was used to plan a late luteal phase endometrial biopsy from 20 women undergoing an infertility evaluation. Histologic dating was correlated with the day of urinary LH surge detection, the day of the basal body temperature (BBT) nadir, and the onset of the next menstrual period (NMP). From 17 interpretable specimens, histologic dating correlated well with the day of the biopsy as determined following a positive LH test detection (P = 0.079). No correlation was found following the BBT shift (P = 0.65), and it was significantly correlated with the NMP (P = 0.016). Moreover, the urinary LH test showed to be the best method to predict the onset of the NMP. These findings confirm urinary LH testing as a valuable adjunct in the investigation of luteal phase disorders.
The aim of the study was to determine interobserver variation in the interpretation of the course of serum enzyme concentration changes in suspected acute myocardial infarction. The study was performed retrospectively and had no relation to the treatment of the patients. In 107 patients, two specialists in cardiology, two specialists in internal medicine, and two trainees, independently evaluated courses of enzyme concentrations and decided whether they were suggestive of acute myocardial infarction. Frequency of positive assessments varied for the six observers from 33 to 53% (P less than 0.01). Pairwise comparison of observers showed a median agreement rate of 0.90 (range 0.78 to 0.96). After adjusting for chance agreement a median kappa value of 0.79 (range 0.56-0.92), was achieved. No difference was found in level of agreement between specialists and trainees. Interobserver variation is an important consideration in the interpretation of the course of serum enzyme concentrations and may have an extensive impact on the final diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction.
Recipients enrolled in the Collaborative Corneal Transplantation Studies were retyped as part of a quality assurance program. Because the observed percentage of HLA-DR homozygosity on original typing was more than twice as high as expected from CCTS allele frequencies, the sample selected for retyping was heavily weighted with patients whose original typing identified fewer than two DR antigens. Retyping was performed in a different laboratory from the laboratory performing the original typing. For the 129 patients who were retyped, agreement between the original and retyping laboratories was 88% for HLA-A, 79% for HLA-B, and 55% for HLA-DR. When criteria was relaxed to consider only discrepancies involving readily identifiable antigens, the agreement improved to 95% for HLA-A, 91% for HLA-B, and 59% for HLA-DR. Identification of a second HLA-DR antigen on retyping when only one DR antigen had been identified on original typing was by far the most common form of disagreement. There were no significant differences in the amount of disagreement among the laboratories. Of special interest is that 50% of the discrepancies involved DR3, DR5, and/or DR6, which have structural similarities. Based on the results of the project, we recommend: (1) replicate testing for all DR typing; and (2) retyping using a second source of antiserum for all subjects having DR blanks.
Semi-quantitative urinalysis with urine reagent strips (URS) for erythrocyturia (EU), leucocyturia (LU) and proteinuria (PU) was performed in Congolese and Sudanese school children with Schistosoma haematobium and/or S. mansoni infection. Quantitative urinalysis was performed on the same specimen using microscopy and a Neubauer counting chamber for EU and LU and the Coomassie blue dye-binding assay for PU. Microscopically detectable EU of more than 10 cells/microliters was found in 63% of all samples and LU of more than 20 cells/microliters was found in 60% of all samples. With the Coomassie blue method, PU of more than 150 mg/l was detected in 51% of all samples. URS gave positive results of grade 1-3 for EU in 69% of all samples, for LU in 63% of all samples and for PU in 66% of all samples. The sensitivity and specificity of URS compared with standard reference methods were as follow: EU 95% and 75%, LU 81% and 81% and PU 90% and 56%. When the results of all three test were combined, URS differentiated abnormal from normal urine specimens with a sensitivity of 94% and a specificity of 70%. Median quantitative results showed a good correlation with semiquantitative URS readings for all parameters, but there was a wide range of URS scores. We concluded that URS sensitivity detect urinary abnormalities and thus may be used as a general screening method under field conditions when more specific methods cannot be performed.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The concentrations of human plasma albumin (HPA) and alpha-1-acid glycoprotein (AAG) were measured in the serum obtained from 84 healthy subjects, 56 umbilical cords, 41 patients with renal failure, 65 patients maintained on chronic hemodialysis and 46 patients with liver cirrhosis. Severity of liver dysfunction was assessed with the use of Pugh et al. [1973] classification. Of the cirrhotic patients, 12, 22 and 12 patients were classified as mild, moderate and severe liver dysfunction, respectively. The coefficient of variation of AAG was greater than HPA in all groups of subjects, and the variability of HPA and AAG is increased in patients compared to healthy subjects. As the liver dysfunction progresses, HPA concentration decreases whereas, the average AAG concentration is not changed in mild, moderate and severe liver dysfunction. The coefficients of variation for HPA and AAG in moderate and severe liver disease is over twice those for healthy subjects. The concentration of HPA is normally distributed in all groups of subjects, with the exception of the cord serum. The frequency distribution of AAG was normal in healthy subjects whereas, it was asymmetric, being positively skewed, in newborn, in renal and liver patients. The wide interindividual variability and the not-normal frequency distribution of AAG in liver or renal patients make its mean of little value in defining a group. Neither HPA nor AAG correlated with the clearance of creatinine in renal patients. In liver disease, HPA and AAG did not correlate with GPT and GOT activities, prothrombinic activity and bilirubin concentration. HPA did not correlate with AAG in any group.
The advantages and inadequacies of the currently available techniques to measure regional blood flow in the lower limbs are being reviewed. Thermodilution technique and local 133xenon washout technique have the advantage of allowing determination of blood flow during exercise, while venous occlusion plethysmography and pulsed-Doppler duplex ultrasonography only allow determination of blood flow at rest. Overall, measurements of lower limb blood flow are not highly reproducible by any technique, and the variability in measurements of regional blood flow should lead to careful interpretation of derived parameters such as vascular conductance and resistance. Determination of vascular input impedance by Fourier analysis of pressure data, recorded with high fidelity catheter, and flow velocity measurements obtained transcutaneously by Doppler ultrasonography, may offer a more accurate quantitative analysis of the characteristics of the lower limb vascular system.
The reduction of dietary cholesterol and fat lowers low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and reduces risk of coronary heart disease in adults. The purpose of this study was to determine the individual variability of response of serum lipid and lipoprotein levels to a low-fat, low-cholesterol diet in children with elevated LDL-C levels. Thirty-two children (2 to 16 years of age) enrolled in a diet modification program, who had LDL-C levels of at least 110 mg/dL but normal triglyceride levels for their ages, were studied. Lipid levels and dietary nutrients were analyzed at the time of admission, and final assessments were made at least 3 months after entry. There was a significant correlation, for the group as a whole, between change in LDL-C concentration and change in grams of dietary saturated fat; however, there was marked individual variability in LDL-C response. There were no significant correlations between changes in LDL-C levels and changes in either total fat, polyunsaturated fat, or cholesterol intake. It is concluded that modest decreases in dietary saturated fat coincide with a lowering of LDL-C concentration, over a short term, in many children, but the degree of lowering varies considerably from one child to another. This variability is consistent with the concept that response of serum lipid levels to dietary changes is modified by genetic, metabolic, and other, as of yet, undefined variables.
We determined the concentrations of ethanol in nearly simultaneous specimens of venous blood (BAC) and end-expired breath (BrAC) after healthy volunteers drank moderate amounts of alcohol. BAC was measured at two laboratories and BrAC was analyzed with two instruments (Intoxilyzer 5000) from the same manufacturer. The mean difference in BAC between laboratories was 0.0105 mg/g (SD 0.0219); 95% of the differences ranged from -0.0333 to 0.0543 mg/g. The mean difference in BrAC between instruments was 0.0153 mg/L (SD 0.0136), and 95% of the differences ranged from -0.0119 to 0.0425 mg/L. The coefficient of variation (CV) between laboratories was 2.9% compared with 4.5% between breath-test instruments. Venous BAC (y) and BrAC (x) were highly correlated (r = 0.978). However, when the Intoxilyzer instruments indicated that BrAC had reached zero, the actual BAC was 0.135 mg/g, according to the average forensic laboratory reports. The Intoxilyzer 5000 breath analyzers used in this study seem to have a constant analytical bias.
We evaluated the short-term variability of PaO2, PaCO2, pulse oximeter saturation (SpO2), and end-tidal PCO2 (PETCO2) in mechanically ventilated trauma patients. All patients were stable and undisturbed during the evaluation periods. Blood gases were obtained from an arterial catheter 4 times at 20-minute intervals. SpO2 and PETCO2 were recorded when the blood gases were obtained. Fifty evaluations were made in 26 patients; 24 patients were evaluated twice, with greater than or equal to 24 hours between evaluation periods. Variability was expressed as coefficient of variation (%CV) for each evaluation period. The median %CVs were 3.6% for PaO2 (95th percentile = 9.8%), 0.5% for SpO2 (95th percentile = 1.4%), 2.8% for PaCO2 (95th percentile = 7.4%), and 2.4% for PETCO2 (95th percentile = 7.1%). The overall correlation between PaCO2 and PETCO2 was r = 0.80, and the mean difference between PaCO2 and PETCO2 was 0.9 +/- 3.6 mm Hg. The variability of PETCO2 was similar to the variability of PaCO2. However, the variability of PaO2 was considerably greater than that of SpO2, which was probably related to the shape of the oxyhemoglobin dissociation curve and the relatively high saturations of the patients in this study. Variability of blood gases, SpO2, and PETCO2 should be considered when these values are clinically interpreted.
The evolution of low frequency variability in cerebral blood flow velocity (CBFV) was examined in 30 consecutive admissions of very low birthweight babies. Measurement of CBFV was made on the first day of life and at weekly intervals until discharge. Altogether 133 recordings were subjected to visual classification and described as showing presence or absence of variability at a frequency between 1 and 5/minute. Amplitude of variability was expressed as the largest variation in peak systolic velocity as a percentage of the maximum systolic change. Slow variability was usually obvious and was sometimes present for only part of the minute recorded. There was a significant trend for decreased incidence of slow variability in relation to both postconceptional and postnatal ages. Amplitude of slow variability was also damped with increasing age. Slow variability appeared to be unrelated to the type of sedation, severity of illness, or intracranial pathology; it may be a normal phenomenon in which damping occurs as the autonomic nervous system matures.
Plasma and extracellular fluid (ECF) volume measurements may provide valuable complementary data to the hemodynamic measurements currently used to compare fluid infusions in critically ill patients. To assess the reproducibility of plasma and extracellular fluid volume measurements in critically ill patients, we injected 131I-labeled albumin (10 microCi) and 35S-sodium sulfate (50 microCi), respectively, into 15 stable patients on two occasions 150 min apart. Plasma was sampled at 20, 30, and 40 min after each injection and the volume of distribution of each radioisotope was calculated from the extrapolated zero time counts. We found that plasma and ECF volume did not differ significantly between the first (42.4 +/- 4.7 ml/kg and 186 +/- 39 ml/kg) and second (42.8 +/- 5.5 ml/kg and 193 +/- 48 ml/kg) measurements. Specifically, the mean difference between the two measurements was 0.4 +/- 3.2 ml/kg and 7 +/- 17 ml/kg respectively. We conclude that measurements of plasma and ECF volume are reproducible over 150 min in stable critically ill patients.
The evaluation and management of hypertension is based on indirect blood pressures obtained in the office (COBPs) using the mercury sphygmomanometer. The usefulness of COBPs is limited by factors such as observer bias, which confound the ability to discern the true blood pressure value. Automated portable monitors have been marketed, which also measure blood pressure (ABP) indirectly throughout 24 hours, but without human intervention. Acceptance of a new device that indirectly records blood pressure depends largely on its the agreement with the established method of blood pressure measurement. This review compares the variability of blood pressures collected indirectly by standard mercury sphygmomanometer and by an auscultatory automated portable blood pressure monitor. The results indicate that blood pressure, when measured indirectly in a hypertensive patient, is quite variable. Automated blood pressures were lower and demonstrated less within-subject variability during repeated measures than COBPs. The agreement between ABPs and COBPs was better than the agreement between COBPs alone on successive visits. In addition, the mean hourly blood pressure profiles recorded throughout 24 hours by automated and manual methods from ten hypertensive patients were nearly identical. These data suggest that blood pressures measured by auscultatory automated methods are similar to and representative of those obtained manually.
The interindividual and intraindividual variations of both MNL beta 2-adrenergic receptor density and dissociation constant of binding were evaluated in 19 healthy volunteers. In addition the possible relationships between catecholamine plasma levels and MNL beta 2-adrenergic receptor density were studied in 8 of these subjects. The volunteers were studied three times with ten days' interval. There was a significant inverse relationship between receptor density and norepinephrine plasma levels, only. Neither epinephrine nor dopamine were correlated with receptor density. Interindividual coefficient of variation was 29.57%. The mean value of the intraindividual coefficients of variation was 14.1%, while the mean value of the analytical coefficients of variation was 10%. Our results are at some variance with data in the literature and may contribute to elucidate the role of MNL beta 2-adrenergic receptors as an index of sympathetic function in man.
We have examined the association between variation at the apolipoprotein (apo) B gene and apo AI-CIII-AIV gene cluster and within-individual variation in serum cholesterol levels. Annual measurements were available over a period of 5-10 years in a group of 117 male patients with peripheral arterial disease. The overall within-individual coefficient of variation in cholesterol levels over time was 13.9%. For all patients, Restriction Fragment Length Polymorphism (RFLP) genotype at the apo B gene (XbaI and EcoRI) and apo AI-CIII-AIV gene cluster (XmnI, PstI and PvuII-CIII) had previously been determined. At the apo B locus, individuals heterozygous for either the XbaI or EcoRI RFLP showed significantly greater within-individual variability over time compared to individuals of other genotypes. At the apo AI-CIII-AIV gene cluster, individuals homozygous for the common allele of either the PstI or PvuIIA RFLPs showed the greatest within-individual variability over time but there was no difference in this estimate associated with XmnI genotype. Our observations suggest that variation at both the apo B and apo AI-CIII-AIV loci interacts with unidentified environmental factors to determine individual variability in serum cholesterol levels over time.
The interobserver reliability for absolute cerebral-blood-flow-velocity measurements by colour and duplex Doppler sonography was tested in 32 neonates with a mean birth weight of 1489 (SD 644) g, and a gestational age of 29.9 (SD 3.5) weeks. Using standardized technique, two observers recorded on videotape, the Doppler spectrum of the anterior cerebral artery, the intracranial internal carotid artery and the middle cerebral artery. Peak systolic flow, end diastolic flow, mean flow velocity, resistive index and pulsatility index were computed from 3 consecutive waveforms by each observer. The estimates of interobserver reliability using the intraclass correlation coefficient of the examiners varied from 0.95 to 1.00. Therefore, cerebral blood flow velocity can be reliably measured in premature infants.
Among 70 patients with arthritis who were receiving satisfactory maintenance therapy with sulindac (300 to 400 mg daily), 64% had no detectable sulindac sulfide (active metabolite) in one to four random urine specimens. However, 36% had 1.0 to 7.8 (mean, 2.2 +/- 1.4) micrograms/ml sulindac sulfide in urine, similar to the therapeutically effective concentrations found in 24 concurrent plasma specimens (1.4 to 9.0 micrograms/ml). Ten patients had sulindac sulfide in only one or two of two to four urine specimens. Thus, 36% of the patients had pharmacodynamically significant concentrations of sulindac sulfide in urine, presumably capable of suppressing the cyclooxygenase pathway responsible for prostaglandin synthesis in the kidney and elsewhere. The findings suggest individual variability in the capacity for renal oxidation of sulindac sulfide to inactive metabolites, perhaps related to genetic or environmental factors or both. These findings may help to explain conflicting reports on the effects of sulindac on urinary prostaglandins and renal function.
A series of genetic, developmental and environmental variables have been analyzed in a prospective sample of full-term newborn babies, compatible with their mothers in the major blood group systems, in order to attempt an evaluation of the effect of these variables on serum bilirubin level during the first few days of life. Three genetic factors (PGM1, ACP1 and ADA) and three non-genetic variables (rise of bilirubin level during the first day of life, a mother with a history of previous abortion, and use of alcoholic beverages by the mother) have a significant predictive value for the separation of newborns with clinically relevant jaundice from other infants.
This study examines the reproducibility of renal blood flow measurement (RBF) in nine miniature pigs using 99Tcm-DTPA renography, and introduces a new algorithm useful in data processing. Renal blood flow can be estimated using three arterial regions of interest (ROI), the left ventricle (LV), the right lung (RL) and the aorta. Using the LV ROI, left kidney RBF was 9.08 (S.D. 1.69) and right RBF was 10.87 (S.D. 2.26). Reproducibility was assessed by performing renograms on successive days in nine pigs and was found to be best for LV [S.D. of change 0.32 for the left kidney (LK) and 0.74 for the right kidney (RK)] followed by RL (0.77 for LK and 0.75 for RK) and worst for aorta (1.47 for LK and 1.78 for RK).
The concentration of plasma cholesterol is influenced by biological factors as well as clinical and analytical ones. Day-to-day variation can provide a misleading estimate of plasma cholesterol as it can differ by up to 12%. Seasonal variations occur with elevated concentrations in (northern hemisphere) winter relative to summer, possibly due to diet and life-style influences. Clinical and analytical factors also contribute to the variation. These include the manner with which blood is collected, the nutritional state of the subject and subsequent specimen handling. Analytical factors such as the effectiveness of the reagents and controls chosen, as well as the extent of interference by agents of metabolic or dietary origin, can introduce a bias into the analysis. More control can be exerted over the clinical and analytical factors compared with biological variation.
Eight healthy, young adult males underwent three separate, 10-min 70 degrees head-up tilts (HUT) over a period of nine days, in order to assess the intra- and inter-individual variability of cardiovascular and plasma norepinephrine (NE) responses to the manoeuvre. Cardiovascular parameters and plasma NE were measured in the basal state and at 2-min intervals during the HUT. The results indicate that: (1) the intra-individual variability is a smaller component of the total variability of both cardiovascular and plasma NE responses to HUT; (2) the variability in cardiovascular parameters is smaller than that in plasma NE levels, both basal and in response to postural stress; (3) there does not appear to be any difference in variability when expressed either as the maximal or the mean response to HUT; and (4) there does not appear to be an increase in the variability of the measured parameters over the duration of the HUT.
Urinary growth hormone (u-GH) excretion was measured in 547 healthy children and 110 adults by ELISA with a detection limit of 1.1 ng/l u-GH after prior concentration of the urine samples (20- to 30-fold). u-GH excretion values were significantly dependent on the pubertal stage (p less than 0.0001) with maximum values in Tanner stage 3 for girls and 4 for boys. This corresponded to a peak in u-GH excretion between 11.5-14.5 years in girls and 12.5-16 years in boys. Additionally, u-GH excretion in adults was significantly higher than in prepubertal children (p less than 0.001). The day/night ratio of u-GH excretion (pg/h) was significantly higher in females than in males (p less than 0.01). In Tanner stages 1-4, u-GH excretion during the day was lower than that at night, whereas the opposite was true in late puberty and in adult women. The interindividual variation of u-GH excretion within the same Tanner stage was considerable and approximately double the intraindividual variation. The day-to-day variation could be further reduced by collection of three consecutive urine samples. The variations were larger if night samples instead of 24-hour samples were considered. The expression of u-GH excretion in nanograms per gram creatinine did not diminish the observed variation and blunted the pubertal increase in u-GH excretion. In conclusion, (1) u-GH excretion depends significantly on age, sex and pubertal maturation as does the day/night ratio of u-GH excretion. (2) The interindividual variation in u-GH excretion is considerable.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Two low-dose oral contraceptives, both containing the same dose of ethinyl estradiol (EE2) but different progestins (gestodene and desogestrel, respectively), were compared with respect to the relative bioavailability of EE2. The study was conducted with 31 women as an open intraindividual comparison with the ingestion of both preparations for 3 months, respectively. On days 1, 10 and 21 of the 1st, 3rd and 6th cycle, blood was sampled at 0, 0.5, 1, 1.5, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10 and 24 h following administration. The concentrations of EE2 were determined in the serum samples of each individual and the area under the serum concentration versus time curves, AUC (0-4 h) and AUC (0-24 h), were calculated. Corresponding parameters obtained on days 1, 10 and 21 of the 3rd and 6th month of treatment were compared on a statistical basis, and no differences were found. This result was in concordance with a previously performed study, where both formulations were administered to 18 women in a single-dose cross-over design. However, the results of the previous and the present study are at variance with the result of one other study, reporting higher EE2 levels in the serum of women taking the gestodene-containing formulation as compared to those taking the desogestrel-containing formulation.
Enantioselective in vitro hydrolysis of methylphenidate (MPH) by the blood esterases of seven mammalian species is reported. The species included rats, rabbits, dogs, cattle, horses, monkeys, and humans. In vitro incubations up to 8 h were carried out in plasma, red blood cells, and whole blood of the various species. Enantioselective differences were evident among the different species on comparison of the data obtained from the three biological fluids. The esterases present in plasma appeared to show greater activity in the hydrolysis of MPH in all species where comparison with the other two biofluids was possible. Only in the case of humans did esterases present in plasma and red blood cells demonstrate opposite enantioselectivity in the hydrolysis of MPH. Thus after 8 h incubation, the RR-MPH/SS-MPH ratios in plasma and red blood cells were 0.31 and 1.16, respectively.
Restricting stimulation from the environment has been shown to alter psychological and physiological states. The present study of 27 healthy subjects examines the effects of restricted environmental stimulation technique (REST) on plasma levels of cortisol and variability in plasma cortisol levels across repeated REST sessions. The REST environment consisted of a 1.2 X 1.2 X 2.4-m ovoid chamber containing 25 cm of saturated MgSO4 solution (sp gr 1.28) maintained at 34.5 degrees F. The buoyant supinely floating subject experienced a minimum of light, sound, and temperature awareness and spatial orientation. The non-REST environment was a cushioned reclining chair in a quiet dimly lit room. The 5-wk protocol consisted of four visits for blood sampling during a 2-wk baseline followed by eight REST or non-REST sessions, 40 min each, with blood samples taken on four nonsession days between sessions 5 and 8. Variability in plasma cortisol was expressed in terms of standard deviation. REST was associated with across-session decreases of 21.6% in plasma cortisol and 50.5% in plasma cortisol variability, whereas no changes in these measures occurred in non-REST. It is concluded that REST influences both static and dynamic aspects of adrenocortical function, possibly altering the feedback monitoring of plasma cortisol.
Repeated microsphere injections are extensively employed for measurements of uteroplacental blood flows in experimental animals. However, this technique has not been systematically validated in pregnancy. In the present series of experiments the effects of three consecutive microsphere injections on central haemodynamics and regional blood flows were studied in 43 late pregnant guinea-pigs. In group A (n = 13) experiments were carried out in the awake chronically catheterized animal. In group B (n = 8) animals were studied under anaesthesia. In two additional anaesthetized groups reference withdrawal rate (C, n = 7) and the amount of injected spheres (D, n = 7) were increased 2-3 fold. Cardiac output, mean arterial blood pressure, heart rate as well as regional blood flows to placenta, ovaries, kidneys, heart, liver and carcass remained unaltered in all protocols. Myoendometrial blood flow increased in group A and C and a similar pattern could be demonstrated in group B and D but was not statistically significant. Adrenal blood flow was enhanced in groups A and C and brain blood flow increased in group C and D. The gastrointestinal tract especially the stomach was sensitive to repeated microsphere injections since blood flow reductions were apparent in all groups but were statistically significant only for groups A and D. In group E (n = 8), the three microsphere labels were injected simultaneously. The coefficients of variability for these blood flow measurements were in the range of 3.6-6.8% for different organs. It is concluded that repeated microsphere injection in an ideal method to measure placental blood flow. However, the technique may provide inaccurate results with respect to the myoendometrium and gastrointestinal tract.
OBJECTIVE: To study the reproducibility of 24-h serum growth hormone (GH) concentration profiles in adults. DESIGN: 24-h serum GH concentrations were constructed by drawing blood samples at 20-min intervals. Four study occasions over a period of 1 year were chosen to assess the reproducibility. SUBJECTS: Six healthy adult male volunteers of normal height and weight and aged between 20 and 22 years. MEASURES: The resulting GH data arrays were analysed by Fourier transformation. Between and within individual variations were calculated and expressed in terms of coefficients of variation and data plotted to show variations between groups and individuals. RESULTS: The frequency component of GH secretion occurred with a dominant periodicity of between 160 and 240 min. Precise estimates of spectral power (strength of oscillatory activity) and period were obtained for group data, but such estimates cannot be inferred from a single profile. There was no significant difference in 24-h mean serum GH concentration over the year of study: occasion 1 (February) mean 2.0 mU/l (SD 0.5); occasion 2 (March) mean 3.7 mU/l (SD 2.8); occasion 3 (July) mean 2.7 mU/l (SD 1.4); occasion 4 (February) 2.5 mU/l (SD 1.5) (mean within individual coefficient of variation 35%, range 9-58). The concentrations of factors known to influence GH synthesis and secretion, insulin-like growth factor I, thyroxine, testosterone and oestradiol, varied little over the year of study. CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate that group data are reproducible in terms of oscillatory activity and the amount of GH secreted and that 24-h GH profiles should be used predominantly for analysing group data. The variability between individual profiles limits their value in the investigation of children with growth failure and suspected GH insufficiency. 
To search for a reliable marker of medium-term integrated blood glucose level in diabetics on maintenance hemodialysis (HD), plasma fructosamine and glycosylated hemoglobin (Hb) levels were determined every week and blood glucose levels were determined four times every day over 3 weeks. The mean values of fructosamine (mol/L per 40 g of albumin) and of glycosylated Hb of other the study period correlated (r = .746, P less than .001) for combined materials of diabetic and nondiabetic subjects. However, plasma fructosamine values at the end of the study period did not correlate with the overall mean blood glucose values during the preceding 8 to 21 days (r = .372, NS). In contrast, glycosylated Hb values correlated closely with the same mean blood glucose values (r = .703, P less than .001). Fructosamine values significantly decreased during a HD, irrespective of the increases in albumin and total protein. In conclusion, glycosylated Hb was a reliable marker of long-term integrated blood glucose even in diabetics on HD. However, fructosamine was not a reliable marker of medium-term integrated blood glucose in these patients.
It has long been known that a high degree of "unexplained" residual variability can occur in the concentrations of some elements in some biological tissues. Until now, no reasons have been found for the presence of such high levels of variability. The present study describes a factor which can adequately explain this phenomenon. It was found that elements which are stored primarily in an insoluble form showed much higher degrees of variability than those stored in a soluble form. Elements found primarily in an insoluble form are often isolated from cellular metabolism including any regulatory processes and may build up to high levels in some individuals. The groups of elements showing the highest levels of residual variability were the heavy metals, lanthanides and actinides. These groups tended to be stored primarily in an insoluble form as determined by subcellular fractionation. The groups of elements showing the lowest levels of residual variability were the alkali metals and non-metals which were found to occur primarily in a soluble form in mussel tissue. The elements of the kidney generally had higher levels of residual variability than those of any other organ probably because of the kidney's ability to store high concentrations of elements in insoluble granules. A study of the behavior of aluminum in the digestive gland suggests that elements associated with insoluble granules of sediment passing through the gut could contribute to the residual variability of these elements. The highest levels of residual variability were observed for zinc, silver and lead in the kidney while the lowest for rubidium in the gills.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
We have measured the changes in neural and microphonic sensitivity in the basal turn of the guinea-pig cochlea produced by intense acoustic overstimulation (10 kHz, 115 dB SPL for 60 s and 150 s). As reported previously, the drop in neural and microphonic sensitivities observed after overstimulation were highly correlated [Patuzzi et al. (1989) Hear. Res. 39, 189-202]. Presentation of a non-traumatizing pure-tone to the contralateral ear (10 kHz, 80 dB SPL) during acoustic overstimulation reduced the amount of acoustic trauma measured using the neural response or the microphonic response. Transection of the medial olivo-cochlear system of efferent fibres at the floor of the fourth ventricle abolished this protective effect of contralateral sound and dramatically reduced the variability in the data. Since the low-frequency microphonic is a simple measure of the receptor current through the outer hair cells, and this current probably plays a part in enhancing the mechanical sensitivity of the cochlea, the protection of the microphonic we have observed suggests that the efferent system protects neural sensitivity by protecting the mechano-electrical transduction of outer hair cells. The drop in variability after sectioning the efferents also suggests that inter-animal variations in susceptibility to noise trauma may be a consequence of differing tonic activity of the efferents, and/or a variation in the sensitivity of the efferent pathway.
We studied the biological variability of blood superoxide dismutase (SOD; EC 1.15.1.1), glutathione peroxidase (GPX; EC 1.11.1.9), and catalase (CAT; EC 1.11.1.6) in a sample of 1836 apparently health subjects, ages 4-97 years. SOD and GPX activities were assayed in plasma (P) and erythrocytes (E) by automated methods, and CAT was measured in erythrocytes by a manual technique. No statistically significant variation of these antioxidant enzyme activities according to gender was demonstrated, except for E-GPX, which was slightly but significantly higher in women than in men (P less than 0.001). Activities appear rather stable in adults less than 65 years old, but decrease for most enzymes in the elderly. There is no evidence that weight, blood pressure, or menopause influences the antioxidant enzymes' activities. In girls ages 10-14 years, E-SOD activity is reduced by 16% (P less than 0.05) after menarche. Variations related to smoking and alcohol consumption are slight and concern only P-SOD and P-GPX, respectively. Conversely, intake of some drugs (e.g., anti-inflammatory agents, antidepressants, and thyroid hormones) modifies activity of some of the three enzymes. E-SOD positively correlates with P-SOD (r = 0.216, P less than 0.001) and E-CAT (r = 0.123, P less than 0.001), and E-GPX with P-GPX (r = 0.218, P less than 0.001). Finally, we propose reference intervals for activities of the three antioxidant enzymes in blood in individuals less than 65 years old.
Pulpal blood flow can now be measured non-invasively in the clinic utilizing laser Doppler flowmetry. The purpose of our study was to test (1) whether the position of the measurement probe on the tooth affects blood-flow measurements and (2) whether measurements from identical locations vary over time. Blood flow of one maxillary central incisor was measured in each of 13 volunteers. Measurements were recorded at five different locations on the labial surface of each tooth. Four measurement sessions were performed, and two sets of measurements were recorded at each session. Custom-made splints ensured accurate and reproducible positioning of the measurement probe at each session. Spatial position of the probe had a clear effect on the pulpal blood-flow measurements (p less than 0.0001). Measurements made at incisal and gingival locations were less and greater (p less than 0.05), respectively, than those made at central locations. Measurements from various mesio-distal locations did not differ (p greater than 0.05) when made at the same height on the tooth. Pulpal blood-flow measurements recorded at a given site were not consistent across all of the testing sessions (p less than 0.0001). Our data suggest that reliable interpretation of longitudinal measurements of pulpal blood flow obtained with laser Doppler flowmetry requires accurate repositioning of the measurement probe. In addition, an adequate control condition should be included to account for bias due to temporal variation.
Serum sex hormones may be related to the risk of several diseases in postmenopausal women including osteoporosis, heart disease, and breast and endometrial cancer. For assessment of the relation of sex hormones to disease, the measurements should be reliable, valid, and practical. In this paper, the authors evaluated the short-term (4-week) and long-term (2-year) reliability of serum sex hormones and interrelations among serum sex hormones in white postmenopausal women recruited in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 1981-1986. For comparison, the authors simultaneously evaluated the short- and long-term reliability of other commonly measured risk factors, i.e., lipids, lipoproteins, and blood pressure. Serum concentrations of estrone, estradiol, testosterone, and androstenedione were measured by extraction, column chromatography, and radioimmunoassay. Reliability was estimated by calculating the intraclass correlation coefficients (R) and their 95% confidence interval. About 50% of the estradiol levels were below the sensitivity of the assay and, therefore, these results should be interpreted with some caution. The intraclass correlation coefficient for testosterone was 0.92 (95% confidence interval 1.0-0.82), suggesting that a single measure may be reliable in characterizing women for epidemiologic research. Over 4 weeks, estrone could be measured more reliably (R = 0.72) than over 2 years (R = 0.56), but the variability over the long term was similar to that observed for other biologic variables, suggesting that, in situations where the relation between estrone and disease is fairly substantial, a single measure may be used. For estradiol and androstenedione, the intraclass correlations were small, indicating poor reproducibility and the need for more measurements. Estrone concentrations were 11 pg/ml or 46% higher in women with measurable estradiol. Estrone was also positively related to androstenedione concentrations (r = 0.33, p less than 0.001). Concentrations of estradiol are extremely low in postmenopausal women, and accordingly, there is a greater possibility of laboratory error. Since the data suggest that estrone levels can be more reliably measured and are, in fact, related to estradiol levels, it is possible that estrone levels may be used to indicate the total estrogen status of postmenopausal women.
To assess the reliability of Doppler ultrasound for detecting serial changes in cardiac output in response to experimental interventions, the day to day variability of the minute distance of aortic flow was determined in seven normal subjects maintained in a tightly controlled environment with regard to diet and activities. Measurements were made at the same time on 5 to 6 sequential days from an apical window with use of both continuous wave and pulsed wave Doppler techniques. Two statistical measures of reliability were calculated, the intraclass coefficient of correlation (R), which varies between 0 (null reliability) and +1 (perfect reliability), and the 95% confidence interval for the error-free value of a single measurement. For sequential measurements of arterial pressure, 24 h urinary volume and sodium excretion and body weight, the intraclass coefficients of correlation ranged from 0.85 to 0.99, indicating low day to day variability consistent with tight environmental control. Continuous and pulsed wave modes were proved equally and highly reliable for measuring minute distance of aortic flow. However, continuous wave Doppler ultrasound provided acceptable signals more frequently than did the pulsed wave technique. For continuous wave Doppler ultrasound, R was 0.87 (p less than 0.00001); the 95% confidence interval was +/- 1.81 m/min (or 11% of the mean of all measurements), which indicates that this method can be used in a single individual to detect a greater than 11% change in minute distance measured once before and after an intervention.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
To investigate the ability of ultrasonography to detect urinary tract abnormalities prenatally, we reviewed the records of 26 pregnancies diagnosed by prenatal ultrasound to have urinary tract anomalies. We compared the prenatal diagnoses with postnatal renal and urinary tract pathology. This comparison showed different degrees of agreement for different prenatal diagnoses (2 individuals had more than one diagnosis): 4 of 8 for multicystic kidneys, 1 of 1 for polycystic kidney disease, 1 of 2 for renal agenesis, 6 of 7 for ureteropelvic junction obstruction, 1 of 3 for posterior urethral valves, 4 of 5 for no pathology noted, and 2 of 2 for other abnormalities. Prenatal diagnosis and postnatal findings were in agreement in 68% of cases. Varying levels of diagnostic reliability should be considered when managing pregnancies complicated by fetal urinary tract abnormalities and subsequent postnatal evaluation and diagnosis. Further efforts are needed to improve on the techniques and reliability of prenatal diagnosis of urinary tract abnormalities.
Recent reports in the clinical laboratory literature have raised questions about the accuracy of different methods of measuring serum estradiol. To determine whether between-method variability was clinically significant, we used five different commercial radioimmunoassay methods to measure the concentration of estradiol in sera from nine patients undergoing induction of ovulation for gamete intrafallopian transfer. There were large differences between the estradiol concentrations measured in the same samples by the different methods. Furthermore, apparent changes in concentration that would be regarded as clinically significant may reflect nothing more than the imprecision of the assay. Physicians using serum estradiol measurements to support therapeutic decisions should be aware that an excessive reliance on those measurements may be misleading.
Restrained conscious rats have been widely used for physiological and pharmacological hemodynamic studies. In this condition, the variability of the circulation is unclear. Repeated measurements in restrained normal rats showed stable systemic hemodynamics (cardiac output ranging from 130 +/- 14 to 174 +/- 10 mL/min, mean arterial pressure ranging from 109 +/- 9 to 117 +/- 5 mmHg) and splanchnic hemodynamics (splanchnic blood flow ranging from 8.51 +/- 1.89 to 13.01 +/- 1.45 mL min-1 100 g-1 body wt) over a period of 1 hr. Slight but not significant hemodynamic variations, however, occurred in pulmonary blood flow. Similarly, plasma noradrenaline concentrations did not vary over this period (plasma noradrenaline level ranging from 186 +/- 36 to 358 +/- 64 pg/mL). These plasma noradrenaline concentrations were similar to those measured in a group of conscious unrestrained rats 3 hr after recovery from surgery (292 +/- 60 pg/mL). A significant correlation was observed between plasma noradrenaline concentration and heart rate.
The quantitative analysis of the spatial variability of organ blood flow by means of radiolabeled microspheres (MS) requires that the methodological variability ("error") of the technique (RDmeth.) is known in each individual organ. Therefore, RDmeth. was quantified (eight to nine nuclides) in 6941 tissue samples from 13 organs of three anesthetized dogs, and the relative importance of errors originating from both the stochastic nature of MS distribution (RDtheo.) and the process of quantitation of MS radioactivity (RDcounting) was assessed under varying conditions (high/low specific MS activity (SAMS); inaccurate separation of gamma spectra; large sample size). At "minimized" methodological error (experiment 2), RDmeth. of samples trapping approximately 375 MS/nuclide was 5.8% and only slightly exceeded RDtheo. (5%). RDmeth. varied in the range 2.7-7.8% in individual organs and contributed little (3.5%) to the organs' observed spatial variability of flow. In contrast, RDmeth.--due to increased RDcounting--considerably exceeded RDtheo. when SAMS was low (experiment 3), overlap of two nuclides' main photopeaks was critical (experiment 1), or counting geometry was inappropriate (pulmonary tissue samples). At the same time, the contribution of RDmeth. to spatial flow variability rose to 7.9% (experiment 3), 26.9% (experiment 1), and 15-23% (lungs). Completely artifactual measurements, as indicated by an extremely high RDmeth. of sample flow, were rarely observed (less than 0.1%). In general, our data suggest that blood flow can be measured reproducibly and with low methodological error using up to 8 nuclides, RDmeth. does not essentially contribute to the observed spatial variability of organ blood flow, and, hence, organ flow variability may be accurately quantified using the MS technique. However, if sources of error as indicated above are present, the practice of using RDtheo. as a measure of RDmeth. (thereby neglecting RDcounting) may notably underestimate true MS error and result in an overestimation of spatial heterogeneity of organ blood flow. RDmeth., therefore, should be quantified separately in each region of interest prior to the onset of a new study.
The intraindividual variability of salivary carbamazepine (CBZ), phenobarbital (PB), and phenytoin (PHT) concentrations was studied in six healthy male volunteers. During three consecutive 1-week phases, subjects took one of the antiepileptic drugs (AED) for 5 days. Nine saliva and nine blood samples were collected simultaneously over the last 4 days of each phase. Salivary, unbound serum, and total serum CBZ, PB, and PHT concentrations were determined by fluorescence polarization immunoassay. Individual mean saliva (Cs)/total serum (Ct), unbound serum (Cu)/Ct, and Cs/Cu concentration ratios for CBZ, PB, and PHT were similar to those reported previously. The intraindividual mean (+/- SD) coefficients of variation (%) of the Cs/Ct, Cu/Ct, and Cs/Cu ratios for CBZ were 4.8 +/- 2.2%, 4.4 +/- 1.8%, and 5.0 +/- 1.9%, respectively; for PB they were 5.1 +/- 0.8%, 3.6 +/- 0.9%, and 6.4 +/- 1.0%, respectively; and for PHT they were 7.4 +/- 3.1%, 5.5 +/- 1.2%, and 8.3 +/- 3.2%, respectively. The mean Cs/Ct and Cu/Ct ratios for CBZ and PHT were not significantly different, but they were different for PB (p = 0.01). However, the range of individual coefficients of variation of the Cs/Ct ratio for PB was 4.0-6.2%, which is acceptable for clinical monitoring. We conclude that the intraindividual variability of CBZ, PB, and PHT concentrations in saliva, based upon the saliva/serum concentration ratios of each AED, is not a factor that should dissuade clinicians from using saliva for the therapeutic monitoring of these agents.
Several studies have reported high levels of oestrogens--especially oestradiol--in plasma in men surviving an acute myocardial infarction (AMI). We have measured plasma levels of the two major oestrogens, oestrone and oestradiol, for three days during the acute AMI and at three months after discharge. Patients admitted to a coronary care unit with ischaemic heart disease without proof of an infarction and patients without evidence of heart disease served as controls. We found significantly higher oestrone levels during the acute infarction than at three months afterwards and also higher than in men without AMI. Men who died shortly after admission had grossly elevated plasma oestrone concentrations. As oestrone levels were correlated to excretion of catecholamines and cardiac enzyme levels in plasma and as circulating levels of oestrone are influenced by ACTH, the hyperoestronaemia may reflect stress-induced increased adrenocortical activity. Plasma oestradiol concentrations in men with AMI decreased significantly during the first three days after admission. In men given no medication oestradiol concentrations did not differ significantly from those in the control groups. Three months after the infarction, the median plasma oestradiol (but not oestrone) concentrations were significantly elevated, but not if only data from men given no medication were considered.
Young male and female probands underwent an DGTT (oral glucose tolerance test) using a glucose load of 1 g/kg b.wt. The alterations in blood glucose levels were checked and plotted by a Biostator. A week later groups of those probands were fed an isocaloric meal of complex CH, namely either potatoes, noodles or white bread. The resulting BG curves were also checked by a Biostator. It turned out that: 1. the shapes of the BG curves after glucose load were not interindividually comparable. 2. there was neither a similarity of the shapes of the BG curves within the groups after any of the different CH levels. 3. But if one compares the shape of the BG curves after glucose load and after a meal of any of the complex CH of one and the same person, there is a striking similarity in those curve shapes. The differences between them lie just in the mostly lower BG values of the curves after CH meals compared with those after glucose load. 4. Therefore the resulting graph of both of those curves is in all observed cases a straight line with a probability better than 0.001, called OGTT-calibrating resulting graph.
Treatment of type I diabetes mellitus is hindered by the often large fluctuations in blood glucose concentration experienced by affected individuals. To determine to what extent day-to-day variation in blood glucose levels can be reduced if insulin is injected in the same anatomic region rather than in different regions using a rotational scheme, as is commonly recommended, 12 type I diabetic subjects were studied. Insulin injections were given in the abdomen for 3 days and rotated among arms, abdomen, and thighs for 3 days using a crossover design with random assignment of treatment order. Blood samples for measurement of plasma glucose levels were obtained at nine scheduled times on each day. Insulin dose, diet, and physical activity were held constant for each subject. During the abdominal injection period, the mean SD of plasma glucose levels and the mean variance of plasma glucose levels were both less at all nine time points than during the rotating injection period. Overall values for the SD of plasma glucose levels were 2.7 +/- 0.2 mmol/L for the abdominal injection period and 3.7 +/- 0.3 mmol/L for the rotating injection period. Overall values for the variance of plasma glucose levels were 9.2 +/- 1.4 mmol2/L2 for the abdominal injection period and 17.4 +/- 2.2 mmol2/L2 for the rotating injection period. We conclude that the common clinical practice of rotating the anatomic regions used for insulin injections increases day-to-day variation in blood glucose concentration. Use of a single anatomic region, eg, the abdomen, for all insulin injections may reduce this variation and allow greater precision in the adjustment of insulin doses.
Contrast venography (CV) is the standard technique for diagnosing deep vein thrombosis (DVT). Newer noninvasive tests have also proven efficacious. However, there is a lack of data on the level of agreement among observers in their interpretation of the results of the various tests. After agreeing on well-defined criteria, three experienced observers assessed, blindly, the results of tests performed over a 4-month period on 117 patients who were suspected clinically of having had a first episode of DVT. The kappa statistic was used to measure the level of agreement beyond chance for CV (69 patients), red blood cell venography (RBCV) (82 patients) and impedance plethysmography (76 patients). The results of CV were assigned to normal, abnormal or inadequate categories, and those of RBCV and IPG to normal, equivocal or abnormal categories. The kappa values for CV, RBCV and IPG ranged from 0.53 to 0.56, 0.42 to 0.56 and 0.90 to 0.91 respectively. Values greater than 0.75 represented excellent agreement beyond chance and those between 0.40 and 0.75 represented fair to good agreement. Excellent kappa values were obtained for IPG because interpretation of the results of this method is entirely objective. Although the values for CV and RBCV showed good to fair agreement, there was a greater degree of observer variation, despite the well-defined criteria, indicating the subjectivity of interpretation of these test results. It is concluded that the kappa statistic can be used to measure observer variation of the results of tests for diagnosing DVT and may serve as a quality control tool for studies in which more than one person interprets the results.
The predictability and intraindividual variability of serum theophylline concentrations (STC) after different dosing schedules were investigated in 24 patients with chronic obstructive lung disease (COLD). Three oral regimens were compared in 3 groups of 8 randomly assigned patients. Group I:Drug A once daily in the evening; Group II: Drug A b.d.; Group III: Drug B b.d. The doses for each patient were estimated by Bayesian forecasting aiming at an STC of 10-15 mg/l. STC and FEV1 were measured on two consecutive days at steady-state. The day-to-day variability of STC was less than 20% in all three groups. The within-day fluctuation in Group I amounted to 259% (median) compared to 57% and 38% in Groups II and III, respectively. Dose adjustment by Bayesian forecasting resulted in a therapeutic STC in most patients with a b.d. regimen, whereas for the once daily dose the prediction was not satisfactory. No difference in lung function was found between the 24-h and 12-h dosing, probably because of the large intersubject variability in FEV1. Therefore, the question whether the differences in STC profile are of clinical importance in COLD can only be investigated in a larger group of patients.
Electrocardiogram waveform, short term heart rate variability and catecholamine concentrations were studied with maternally-induced anesthesia in eleven growth-retarded guinea-pig fetuses and their normal-sized littermates at 63 days of gestation. Intrauterine growth retardation was induced by unilateral uterine artery ligation performed between day 32 and 35. In the growth-retarded group fetal weight was reduced by 45%. Blood gases, acid-base status and oxygen content were similar in the two groups. The growth-retarded guinea-pig fetuses were hypoglycemic and demonstrated a rise in hemoglobin concentration. The T/QRS ratio (T wave amplitude/QRS amplitude) was similar in both groups. The short-term heart rate variability was significantly reduced in the growth-retarded group. Plasma catecholamine concentrations were increased in growth-retarded fetuses but differed only significantly for noradrenaline compared to controls. We suggest that similar T/QRS ratio in both groups of fetuses indicates that aerobic myocardial metabolism is maintained among growth-retarded fetuses. The mechanism behind the reduced variability is unclear.
The reproducibility of iohexol clearance as a determination of the glomerular filtration rate was assessed in 12 healthy subjects during triplicate constant-rate infusions. Renal and plasma clearance of iohexol demonstrated a total within-subject variation (CV) ranging between 0% and 16%. The inter-individual variation in renal clearance was about 10%, the clearance values being (mean +/- SD) 116 +/- 10, 117 +/- 9 and 110 +/- 12 ml/min 1.73 m2 in the three experiments and corresponding figures for the plasma clearance were 120 +/- 17, 118 +/- 12 and 112 +/- 14 ml/min 1.73 m2. The renal clearance (CLR) and the plasma clearance (CL) showed good correlation (regression equation CL = 11.80 + 0.93 CLR, rs = 0.67). The method is simple and reproducible; thus, it is suitable for both clinical examinations and research.
The variability of pulmonary arterial pressure, the relation of pulmonary pressure to systemic pressure, pulmonary pressure responses to stimuli (exercise, hypoxia, smoking, free ambulation), and plasma catecholamine responses were assessed in five patients with primary pulmonary hypertension. Ambulatory monitoring techniques provided data for the computerised analysis of continuous, beat-to-beat, direct recordings of both pulmonary and systemic arterial pressures for 8 to 10 hours. The absolute variability of pulmonary arterial pressure and the magnitude of absolute changes in this variable in response to stimuli were increased in primary pulmonary hypertension. The variability of systemic pressure was similar to that in healthy volunteers. Basal and stimulated plasma catecholamine values were normal, suggesting preservation of normal sympathetic nervous system activity in primary pulmonary hypertension.
Fifteen male runners were tested on two occasions to determine the reliability of a continuous incremental level running treadmill protocol (C), with 3-min stages, for lactate threshold (LT) and fixed blood lactate concentration (FBLC) (2.0 mM, 2.5 mM, 4.0 mM) assessment. Test-retest (T-RT) reliability coefficients for velocity at LT, 2.0 mM, 2.5 mM, and 4.0 mM were r = 0.89, 0.91, 0.95, and 0.95, respectively (velocity ranged from 215.3 m/min at LT to 273.6 m/min at 4.0 mM). Mean differences in T-RT velocity values ranged from 0.7 m/min (at LT) to 6.0 m/min (at 2.5 mM; 252.3 m/min vs 258.3 m/min; NS) and the standard errors of measurement were less than +/- 10.0 m/min. Similar results were observed for VO2, with T-RT r values ranging from r = 0.82 (at LT) to r = 0.88 (at 2.0 mM) (VO2 ranged from 47.2 ml/kg.min-1 at LT to 60.9 ml/kg.min-1 at 4.0 mM; VO2 peak = 65.6 ml/kg.min-1). Mean differences in T-RT VO2 values were less than 1.4 ml/kg.min-1 (NS) and the standard errors of measurement were less than +/- 2.95 ml/kg.min-1. Interinvestigator and intrainvestigator reliability coefficients were high and ranged from r = 0.91 to r = 0.99. Validity of C was assessed in an additional 16 male runners who completed C and a criterion discontinuous (D) protocol (using a series of 10-min stages) for LT and FBLC assessment. Results indicated that C and D resulted in similar VO2 and velocity values at LT and FBLC.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
In order to delineate factors contributing to variation in hormone levels, progesterone and prolactin (PRL) levels from 28 normal women, obtained daily during one menstrual cycle and every 20 minutes during a midluteal 24-hour admission in a subgroup of five subjects, provided a data base for analysis of these variables. Pulsatile analysis of the 24-hour data was conducted using an adaptive-threshold algorithm, and normal reference ranges were generated from randomly selected daily hormone values. Our data verify that inherent variation can significantly alter single random serum levels of reproductive hormones. These variations included menstrual cycle day, circadian influence, pulsatile secretion, assay error, and biologic heterogeneity. Besides the expected day-to-day change in progesterone levels during the luteal phase, seven of ten women exhibited a significant circadian variation in progesterone; however, the time of day of the peak level was not consistent among women. Prolactin levels did not demonstrate any clinically relevant change over the menstrual cycle, but did have a consistent circadian pattern (nocturnal rise) over the 24-hour study period. Pulsatile variation occurred in both progesterone and PRL levels during the 24-hour admission. Five different reference ranges were generated from randomly selected single daily values from the 28 normal menstrual cycles. Although the mean levels calculated for each reference range were similar, the reference ranges demonstrated considerable variation due to the random sampling. In the five progesterone reference ranges, the lower limit of the range varied from 2.7-6.1 ng/mL, whereas the upper limit varied from 24.2-42.1 ng/mL.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
1. The study examined genetic variation, as indicated by eight blood proteins of 539 animals from 11 genotypes (14 flocks) of domesticated sheep and three genotypes of wild sheep. 2. The polymorphic distribution among the animal populations presented a random pattern with wide variation. 3. Genetic variability both between and within populations was larger in domesticated sheep than in their wild relatives. 4. This increased genetic variability observed in domesticated sheep may have resulted from the process of domestication through accelerated genetic drift and promoted gene flow.
The increasing importance of measuring histamine in many clinical conditions and the variety of currently used techniques enforced us to organize an external quality control study (ring study) on the reliability of histamine measurements in European laboratories. Three plasma quality control samples in duplicate (lyophilized) with different amounts of histamine (0-5 ng/ml), two different aqueous histamine standard samples and one solvent sample were sent to 10 laboratories for analysis of their histamine content. The following methods were used: gas chromatographic-mass-spectrometric technique (n = 2), single isotope assay (n = 1), fluorometric-fluoroenzymatic assay (n = 3), radioimmunoassay (n = 3), HPLC technique (n = 2). The study was performed and evaluated according to the approved recommendation (1983) of the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry (IFCC). This first report of the study is concentrated on the imprecision and inaccuracy of the different principal methods and laboratories by comparing two unrelated plasma histamine samples of different analyte concentrations (target values and SD: 4.39 +/- 0.51 ng/ml and 0.99 +/- 0.17 ng/ml). This study showed a fairly good agreement between most participants. 7/11 results obtained with 4 different methods were accurate and precise in the plasma range of histamine (Youden plot). Results outside the borderlines turned out to be a problem of the analyst rather than the method itself. It is suggested to define reference values for plasma histamine and to establish reference laboratories and methods according to the IFCC-guidelines.
The clinical value of measuring concentrations of methylmalonic acid in serum (S-MMA) as an aid in the diagnosis of cobalamin deficiency has recently aroused interest. In 58 healthy subjects, ages 40-68 years, we found a 0.95 reference interval of 0.05-0.37 mumol/L (mean 0.21, SD 0.094). In 33 of the subjects, who were studied further, day-to-day variation (SD) was 0.031 mumol/L. Intake of food had no effect. Weekly and three-monthly intra-individual variations were both 0.038 mumol/L. In all seven subjects with S-MMA greater than 0.30 mumol/L, the concentrations declined significantly after intramuscular administration of cobalamin. No significant difference was found between mean serum cobalamin concentrations in these seven and in the remaining subjects. We have also established the normal response of S-MMA to standardized oral loading of L-isoleucine: 100 mmol caused a significant average S-MMA increase of 0.072 mumol/L before cobalamin administration vs 0.013 mumol/L after cobalamin, without significant relation to initial S-MMA values. Our results provide a necessary background for interpretation of S-MMA measurements in clinical studies.
The use of saliva instead of venous blood for monitoring drugs has many advantages. Its usefulness has, however, been questioned, because of the variability of the intraindividual saliva/plasma ratio. Among other reasons, this variability can result from the fluctuation of the arteriovenous blood concentration ratio. The present work represents a detailed investigation of this phenomenon, using caffeine as an example. This phenomenon is observed when the concentration of free diffusible substances differs in the central and peripheral compartment, depending on the pharmacokinetic phase. In such cases, the salivary concentration more closely reflects the cellular concentration in organs of the central compartment than that of peripheral venous blood.
The National Cholesterol Education Program has begun a National Campaign to screen millions of adult Americans for serum cholesterol. To determine whether such random samples represent an individual's true lipoprotein status, we measured fasting total serum cholesterol and lipoproteins, on a weekly basis for 4 weeks, in 20 subjects ages 22 to 63 years. Duplicate samples were tested by two standardized laboratories, each on five consecutive days. Variations of more than +/- 20% in the serum levels of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were seen in 75%, 95%, and 65% of the subjects, respectively. On retesting, 40% of the subjects moved in or out of one "risk category"; and in 10% two categories, from "desirable" to "high risk," or vice versa. These data demonstrate that random testing may fall to detect wide fluctuations in the levels of serum lipoproteins, and therefore result in erroneous risk assignment or therapeutic intervention.
The National Cholesterol Education Program has recently published guidelines for the assessment of cardiovascular risk and goals for laboratory accuracy. To test the impact of biologic and analytic variability on the ability of a single lipid measurement to assess risk accurately, lipids were measured on three occasions in 51 volunteers. Notable day-to-day variability of total cholesterol (5%), triglyceride (20%), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (10%), and calculated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (8%) levels was found. Analytic variability contributed significantly to total variability of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and calculated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Confidence intervals constructed around National Cholesterol Education Program cutoff points suggested that classification was reliable from a single measurement if total cholesterol value was below 4.78 (less than 185 mg/dL), between 5.56 and 5.81 (215 and 225 mg/dL), or above 6.59 mmol/L (greater than 225 mg/dL). Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol value classification from a single measurement was only accurate at below 3.00 (greater than 116 mg/dL) or above 4.50 mmol/L (greater than 174 mg/dL). This study documents significant day-to-day variability of serum lipids and suggests that patients near the National Cholesterol Education Program cutoff points may require repeated measurements to assign risk accurately.
The reliability of screening for high serum total cholesterol is adversely affected by the variability of cholesterol levels over time. This problem is investigated using data on repeated cholesterol measurements for 14,600 men and women in the MRC Mild Hypertension Trial. For measurements 1 year apart, the within-person coefficient of variation (CV) is 7%, which is substantial compared with the between-person CV of 15%. In a screening programme, this within-person variability may lead to the misclassification of individuals and inappropriate intervention. For example, 28% of middle-aged British men with a single cholesterol measurement above 6.9 mmol/l have a long-term average cholesterol below that value even without intervention. Using averages of several cholesterol measurements reduces, but does not eliminate, these problems. Furthermore, monitoring the effect of interventions in individuals by sequential cholesterol measurement may be unhelpful or even misleading. These problems cast serious doubt on the value of general population screening for high cholesterol levels.
Inter-individual variations of plasma cholinesterase were analysed in 193 apparently healthy volunteers (122 males, 71 females) with no known occupational exposure to cholinesterase inhibitors. Multiple regression analysis and analysis of variance showed statistically significant effects on the individual plasma cholinesterase activity by body weight, height, sex, and ChE-1 phenotype (but not by age or electrophoretic phenotype). Varying body weight explained one-fourth of the observed biological variance (s2total). The intra-individual variations during an 8-month period varied substantially from one individual to another (3% to 41% of the subject's mean activity); a repeated-measures analysis of variance showed a within-person variance (s2intra) = 5% of s2total. Intra-individual variation was uninfluenced by the variables that influence the inter-individual variance. A model for a 'standardized' plasma cholinesterase in which the combined effects of the four significant variables, ChE-1 phenotype, sex, body weight, and height are eliminated, is proposed for comparisons of plasma cholinesterase activities in unmatched population groups, e.g. within environmental or occupational medicine.
The characteristics and reproducibility of nailfold capillary blood cell velocity (CBV) of the local cold response was evaluated in 30 cases by video-microscopy using a flying-spot technique. CBV, as well as flow stop duration during cooling, from a first and second test was significantly (P less than 0.05) reproducible, whether or not the test was repeated after 60 min or after an interval of 12 weeks. Because of interindividual variations in rest CBV, and a better reproducibility of the flow stop duration, this last parameter is more useful in clinical practice for follow-up evaluations of the local cold response test. The usefulness of the flying-spot generator for rapid and accurate measurement of CBV in finger nailfold capillaries is demonstrated in normal subjects and patients with primary Raynaud syndrome during a local cooling test.
The "normal" physiological taurine status in human plasma and whole blood was evaluated for day-to-day variation. Because plasma taurine concentrations can vary by greater than or equal to 100% because of sampling and analytical techniques, various blood-collecting and -handling procedures were compared to ascertain the most reliable method for measuring plasma taurine. Blood collection into EDTA-wetted plastic syringes at room temperature proved most reliable. Plasma and whole-blood taurine concentrations were determined in the same 13 women and 11 men three times within a 10-d period. The normal plasma taurine concentration was 44 +/- 9 mumol/L (mean +/- SD; n = 40) in fasting subjects and 42 +/- 7 mumol/L (n = 30) in semi-fasted individuals, with an intraindividual variation of 9 +/- 5%. Whole-blood taurine concentrations ranged from 164 to 318 mumol/L and had an intraindividual variation of 11 +/- 5%. Inter-individual variation averaged 12 +/- 7% for plasma and 7 +/- 6% for whole blood taurine. Because plasma and whole-blood taurine concentrations were not correlated, assessment of both would provide the most accurate estimate of taurine status. Short of that, whole-blood taurine would appear to be the best single measure.
During the 6-month period between September 1982 and February 1983, serum samples were obtained from 850 pregnant women attending the municipal family clinics in Tel Aviv. All serum samples were tested by alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) enzyme immunoassay (EIA), and 650 samples were also tested by AFP radioimmunoassay (RIA). Comparisons were made between the absolute values, the medians, and the multiples of the median (MOM) obtained by each method. The ratios of the 90th percentile to the median and of the median to the 10th percentile were also compared. Inter- and intraassay variation were determined for both methods. Correlating the test results with the birth results showed that both methods detected the four fetuses with a neural tube defect (NTD) and three of nine twin pairs, when using a cutoff point of greater than or equal to 2.5 MOM. Elevated maternal serum AFP (MSAFP) levels were also noted in 32 normal singletons (3.8%). There were no false negative results during this phase of the study. Although the median values were similar for both methods, the mean of the ratios of the median to the 10th percentile and the 90th percentile to the median, showed a reduced spread for the EIA method.
Quantitative predictions of rates of Down syndrome offspring as a function of maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein (MSAFP) values and of maternal age were reviewed. Comparisons were made of 35-year-equivalent-risk values by maternal age, that is, MSAFP values (at various maternal ages) that predict the risk (of a Down syndrome offspring) equivalent to that of an average 35-year-old woman irrespective of knowledge of MSAFP. This boundary was chosen because MSAFP values that predict a greater risk than this point for younger women or a lower risk for older women are likely in many jurisdictions to alter a decision about amniocentesis that would be reached without knowledge of MSAFP. There were marked differences among available studies in these 35-year-equivalent-risk values for older women. For instance, for age 41, the values among studies vary from 1.5 MoM to 2.1 MoM and the predicted proportion of 41-year-old women likely to be affected clinically by MSAFP determinations by the above criterion is 4.4%-18%, depending on which rate schedule is used. At age 39, the variation is 1.1 to 1.9 MoM or 7.1% to 38%. Possible explanations for the variation include sampling fluctuation. Relatively few data on Down syndrome have been used to calculate the parameters of the gaussian distributions used by the studies reviewed. It is suggested that great caution be used before employing published rate schedules for genetic counseling of older women, at least until sufficient data are collected and the nature of the discrepancies among studies is clarified.
The daily variation of serum levels of prostate-specific antigen (PSA) and prostatic acid phosphatase (PAP) was investigated simultaneously in 10 patients with osseous metastatic prostatic cancer, 10 patients with benign prostatic hyperplasia, and 10 volunteers without prostatic disease. Duplicate serum samples were obtained from all patients on the same day at 8 AM, 12 PM, 4 PM, and 8 PM. Statistical analysis (two-factor analysis of variance comparing time period to disease group) of the mean PSA and PAP levels at the four sampling times on all patient groups demonstrated no evidence of circadian rhythmic variation or any other distinct pattern for the observed sample times. Overall, the variability in PSA levels was significantly less than that observed for PAP. There was no significant difference in mean percent variation between patient groups (cancer, benign, and normal prostate glands) for both the PSA and PAP assays. Our data reveal that serum PSA measurements fluctuate unpredictably over the course of a day in patients with and without prostatic disease, but to a lesser extent than that seen for serum PAP values. These findings illustrate the potential inaccuracy of single determinations of serum PAP or PSA levels for monitoring disease recurrence and treatment response in patients with prostate cancer.
The hydrosmotic response of toad bladder to antidiuretic hormone (ADH) is quantitatively linked to the induced fusion of aggrephores with, and the appearance of aggregates of tightly packed intramembrane particles in the luminal membrane of granular cells. We used these morphological indexes of hormonally induced cell activation 1) to assess the variability of individual cell responsiveness to a maximally stimulating concentration of ADH and 2) to compare cell response patterns in paired tissues where the extent of whole tissue stimulation, as evidenced by transtissue water flow, was either maximal or submaximal. The results indicate that individual cell responsiveness within the same tissue to standardized maximal ADH treatment varies between two- and sevenfold, depending on the morphological endpoint measured. Furthermore, based on skewness in endpoint distribution, this variability appears to reflect inherent heterogeneity of granular cell reactivity to hormone. In relation to proportional tissue responses elicited by different stimulating concentrations of ADH, our observations of luminal membrane aggregate incidence suggest that the responding cells, whatever their sensitivity, participate in a graded, rather than "all-or-none," "on-off" manner.
The aims of the present study were to evaluate the ability of urinary C-peptide determination to demonstrate presence of residual insulin secretion, and to evaluate the reproducibility of urinary C-peptide excretion in 125 insulin-treated diabetic patients. C-peptide was determined in two consecutive 24-h urine specimens and related to plasma C-peptide 6 min after the intravenous injection of 1 mg glucagon. The detection limit of C-peptide in plasma was defined analytically (greater than or equal to 0.02 nmol l-1) and from pancreatectomized patients (greater than or equal to 0.06 nmol l-1), and in urine only analytically (greater than or equal to 0.1 nmol l-1). If the analytical detection limit of plasma C-peptide was used as indicator of residual insulin secretion, islet B-cell function was preserved in all patients. In patients with stimulated plasma C-peptide levels from 0.02- less than 0.06 nmol l-1 no increase was found in plasma C-peptide values after stimulation with glucagon. This unresponsiveness of islet B-cells is in good agreement with the existence of a biological detection limit of C-peptide in plasma of 0.06 nmol l-1. Using this biological plasma C-peptide detection limit, 49 of 125 patients were without residual insulin secretion. In contrast to this, only 7 patients were diagnosed as C-peptide nonsecretors using the analytical detection limit of urinary C-peptide. Eighty-four per cent of patients considered to have Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes with a duration of diabetes of more than 15 years had detectable C-peptide in the urine.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
This paper describes some factors to which attention should be paid when atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) values are to be interpreted. Changing from the supine to the sitting position decreased ANP levels, while no further decrease was observed when the upright position was assumed. On the other hand, plasma renin activity (PRA) increased only when changing from the sitting to the upright position. Returning to the supine position decreased PRA, while ANP did not change. Under these conditions plasma aldosterone levels did not differ in any of the four positions. No correlation was observed between the percentage changes of ANP, PRA and aldosterone. ANP values measured in 66 healthy subjects positively correlated with age (r = 0.59, P less than 0.01). To study intra-individual variation, ANP was sampled eight times within one hour. The mean, standard deviation and the coefficient of variation (CV) for each subject were calculated. The CV of 9 out of 15 subjects significantly exceeded the intra-assay coefficient of variation (7.0%), thereby indicating that ANP levels, like those of many other hormones, may exhibit endogenous fluctuations.
The National Cholesterol Education Program has recommended that all laboratories be consistent, precise, and accurate in the reporting and measurement of blood cholesterol levels. In a follow-up to a 1984 survey study, we assessed the changes in reporting procedures for measurements of blood lipid levels in 16 clinical laboratories in Nebraska. Using human serum reference materials of known cholesterol concentrations provided by the Centers for Disease Control, we also assessed the precision and accuracy of measurement of blood cholesterol levels in clinical laboratories in Nebraska. Fourteen of the 16 laboratories restudied in 1987 had altered the reference range for total serum cholesterol since 1984, 86% of whom lowered the upper limit of the reference range. Eleven of 16 laboratories expressed reference ranges for total serum cholesterol in terms of patient age in 1987, while only 7 of 20 did in 1984. Gender-based reference ranges increased from 0 to 5 from 1984 to 1987. Similar trends were seen in the reporting of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations. Reporting procedures varied greatly; only 1 laboratory used National Cholesterol Education Program risk levels for measuring total serum cholesterol levels. Fifteen laboratories met the National Cholesterol Education Program recommendation for precision (coefficient of variation, less than or equal to 5%) and 78% of laboratories obtained results that satisfied the current recommendation for accuracy (within 5% of "true value," as determined by the Centers for Disease Control).
Twenty-four nonsmoking male volunteers took 50 mg atenolol or 10 mg betaxolol orally once a day for 9 days in a two-period, four-sequence, randomized, crossover study. Plasma concentrations reached steady state after day 5. Percent fluctuation in plasma concentration defined as (Cmax-Cmin)/Cavg (% fluctuation 1) was 97% on day 9 for betaxolol and 343% for atenolol; thus atenolol fluctuation was more than threefold that of betaxolol. A 10-fold difference in plasma level fluctuation was observed when fluctuation was defined as (Cmax-Cmin)/Cmin (% fluctuation 2). The intersubject variances for % fluctuation 1 and % fluctuation 2 were 4.1 and 85.5 times greater for atenolol than for betaxolol; these differences were marginally statistically significant for % fluctuation 1 and significant for % fluctuation 2. The intrasubject variabilities for area under the curve and plasma level fluctuations were statistically greater for atenolol than for betaxolol. Atenolol intrasubject variances were 25 and 271 times greater than for betaxolol for % fluctuation 1 and % fluctuation 2, respectively. Thus, betaxolol exhibited less fluctuation in plasma levels with substantially less intersubject and intrasubject variability. These factors would be expected to provide a more consistent therapeutic response and more dependable dosage adjustment.
This prospective investigation was undertaken to compare fetal buttock capillary blood pH and umbilical artery and vein pH in fetuses presenting by the breech. The study group comprised ten term patients with singleton fetuses in the frank breech presentation who met established criteria for vaginal breech delivery. All patients had a normal labor pattern. Eight fetuses had a normal fetal heart rate tracing and two had severe variable decelerations during the second stage of labor. We obtained capillary blood for pH measurement from the fetal buttock within 15 minutes of delivery. Immediately after delivery, we collected arterial and venous blood samples from the umbilical cord for measurement of pH. In all fetuses, there was a highly significant correlation between fetal buttock capillary blood pH and umbilical artery pH (r = 0.96; P less than .001) and umbilical vein pH (r = 0.88; P less than .001). We conclude that measurement of pH in capillary blood obtained from the fetal buttock provides accurate assessment of the acid-base status of the breech fetus.
The protein binding of cyclosporine (CyA) in plasma was studied in serial samples for 6 months after transplantation in 66 renal transplant recipients. Analysis was performed with a recently developed method of equilibrium dialysis in steel chambers. Among the 1,848 samples, the free fraction ranged from 0.5 to 4.2%, with a median of 1.30%. The free fraction of CyA was highest immediately after transplantation (1.66 +/- 0.49%). Diabetics had a higher free fraction of CyA than nondiabetics during the first 2 weeks after transplantation. A weak, but significant, covariation was observed between the serum concentration of albumin or bilirubin and the free fraction of CyA (r = -0.47 and r = 0.39, respectively; p less than 0.01). There was also a significant correlation between serum HDL cholesterol (r = -0.39 to -0.48; p less than 0.01), as well as apolipoprotein A1 (r = -0.35 to -0.49; p less than 0.01), and the free fraction of CyA. A significant drop in the free fraction of CyA was observed immediately prior to acute rejection episodes as compared with 1 week earlier (p less than 0.01), but there was no difference in the free fraction of CyA between patients who lost their graft and those who did not. There was an overall eightfold variation in the free fraction of CyA in plasma, with an up to fivefold intraindividual variation and a 2.3-fold variation in the mean free fraction between individuals. A significant covariation was observed between the free fraction of CyA and the concentration of binding proteins in plasma, as well as factors such as time after transplantation, diagnosis, and clinical events.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
When a constant dose of digoxin was administered orally over several days, the digoxin concentration in saliva and erythrocytes rose faster than in serum. Thus, the saliva/serum concentration ratio was below 1.0 after a single dose and above 1.0 in the steady state. The digoxin concentration was relatively high in "unstimulated" (more or less spontaneous) saliva and decreased with stimulation of the salivary flow rate. It therefore appeared that the actual salivary digoxin concentration depended on 2 components: the digoxin concentration in "stimulated" saliva depended only on the rapid diffusion from the blood into saliva, and the concentration in the "unstimulated" saliva depended on the rapid diffusion and on a slower exchange with the intracellular compartment. It is suggested that unstimulated saliva reflects the intracellular digoxin concentration and stimulated saliva reflects the free digoxin concentration of the serum. Both effects must be taken in account when interpreting the saliva/serum ratio, and they may explain conflicting results in the literature.
Although fully explored in larger animals, the role of injection site and sample microsphere content on variability of coronary blood flow (CBF) measurement using the microsphere technique remains controversial in rats despite the fact that this species is extensively used in cardiovascular research. We therefore investigated these variables in two studies. In a first study, we established that the precision of the method, assessed by the variability of four simultaneous CBF determinations, was a function of the sample microsphere number. Coefficient of variation (CV) averaged 4-10% when the tissue and reference samples received greater than 1000 and greater than 100 spheres, respectively, and did not improve appreciably with larger numbers of microspheres. In a second study, flow CV was measured following left atrial (LA) or left ventricular (LV) microsphere injections performed nearly simultaneously in the same conscious animal or in two similar groups of animals. CBF variability was lower by 22-62% after LA than after LV injections. Estimates obtained from separate analysis of the main variability components indicated that, with one exception, the variability associated with LV injections was at least 1.4 to 2.8 times higher than that due to LA injections. These findings establish the minimum number of microspheres needed to obtain precise blood flow determinations in the rat model and confirm previous reports, in anaesthetised rats, that LA microsphere injections generally yield more precise coronary blood flow determinations than LV injections.
The measurement of plasma and erythrocyte cholinesterase activities is used to monitor absorption of anti-cholinesterase organo-phosphorus compounds. A fall in an individual's enzyme activity signifies excessive exposure if it is clearly greater than the normal intra-individual variation found in unexposed subjects. The extent of normal variation in enzyme activity as measured is dependent on both the true intra-individual biological variation and the precision of the method used. This report defines normal variation in plasma and erythrocyte cholinesterase activity using the assay developed and used routinely in our laboratory. We have also defined the relation between the precision of the assay used by a laboratory and the sensitivity with which a significant depression in successive enzyme measurements can be detected. This allows occupational physicians, who use cholinesterase measurements to monitor organo-phosphate exposure, to establish percentage depressions from their method precision data that may possibly indicate organo-phosphate uptake between successive enzyme measurements. We have calculated that, with our analytical precision, percentage drops between two successive measurements that are greater than 15 and 7.5 per cent for the plasma and erythrocyte enzymes respectively suggest significant organo-phosphorus absorption in pesticide workers.
The variability of urine albumin excretion (UAE) was studied in normal and diabetic children and, in addition, the best method of expressing the data was investigated. In 39 timed overnight urine samples from diabetic children, the urine albumin creatinine clearance ratio (CA/CC) was compared with the urine albumin creatinine concentration ratio (UA/UC), the urine albumin excretion rate (UAER) and the urine albumin concentration (UA). UA/UC predicted CA/CC (r = 0.95) better than either UAER (r = 0.83, P less than 0.02) or UA (r = 0.90), 0.1 greater than P greater than 0.05). The within-individual and the between-individual variability in overnight UA/UC in 171 urine samples from 73 normal children was compared with that of 406 urine samples from 119 diabetic children, using a "random effects type 2 nested analysis of variance" model. Geometric mean (range) UA/UC (mg/mmol) in diabetic children, 0.55 (0.04-6.90), was greater than in normal children, 0.33 (0.05-2.10, P less than 0.01), and 18% of diabetics had a value of UA/UC above the normal range. Within-individual variance was the same in normals (0.12) and diabetics (0.12), but between-individual variance in diabetics (0.18) was much greater than in normals (0.03). These data show that within-individual observations for both normals and diabetics are highly but equally variable. Furthermore, from these data, it is possible to infer that a minimum of five estimations are necessary per individual to estimate the true mean value of urine albumin excretion with reasonable confidence.
Plasma exudation is one cardinal factor in airways defence and inflammation. In inflammatory airway diseases such as rhinitis and asthma, however, plasma leakage may also have a pathogenetic role. Experimental data from animals indicate that highly sensitive, active, and reversible processes regulate the vascular and mucosal permeability to macromolecules. With the use of a nasal lavage model for the recovery of liquids on the mucosal surface the effect of histamine on the macromolecular permeability of the airway endothelial-epithelial barriers was studied in normal subjects. The concentrations of albumin, kinins, and N-alpha-beta-tosyl-L-arginine-methyl esterase (TAME) in nasal lavage fluid were measured and nasal symptoms assessed by a scoring technique. The reproducibility of three repeated challenges with 30 minute intervals on the same day was studied in 12 subjects and compared with the same procedure (three challenges) on a different day. Sneezing decreased significantly (p less than 0.05) after the first histamine challenge but was maintained thereafter. Otherwise, the mean values for symptoms and for markers of vascular leakage were very similar both for the three challenges in the same session and for the two challenge sessions on a different day. Sneezing, blockage, and secretions were associated with increased concentrations of TAME esterase (maximum 9000 cpm/ml), kinins (1.4 ng/ml), and albumin (0.3 g/l) in lavage fluid. Both the symptoms and the measures of plasma exudation were reversible and reproducible in the three repeat histamine challenges and at two challenge sessions on different days. These findings support the view that non-injurious, active processes regulate the inflammatory flow of macromolecules across airways endothelial-epithelial barriers. The present experimental approach would be suitable for studies of the modulatory effects of inflammatory stimulus induced plasma leakage and symptoms in human airways.
A portable ultrasound unit has been developed that provides a noninvasive technique to measure urine volume. We assessed the effect of patient position on the accuracy of measurements as well as inter-user reliability and user training. There were 63 ultrasound measurements of urine volume made by a trained and an inexperienced examiner, and the values were compared to true volumes obtained by catheterization in 16 adults with a neurogenic bladder. Subjects were tested in the seated and supine positions. Correlation for ultrasound volumes between the trained and inexperienced examiners was highly significant. Accuracy and precision of the ultrasound measurements were not affected by patient position. Thus, little training is necessary to use this instrument, inter-user reliability is good, and accuracy and precision are clinically acceptable whether patients are in the seated or supine positions.
Accuracy of transfontanellar Doppler ultrasound measurement of blood flow velocity and its variability in the supraclinoid segment of the internal carotid artery was studied in preterm newborns. Measurements were performed in duplicate, on a well defined site, under negligible angle of insonation, and during stable physical condition. The measurements included the base value and variability over 20 seconds, for: diastolic velocity; mean velocity; systolic velocity; resistance index; diastolic time interval; systolic time interval; heart beat duration. As a measure of accuracy the coefficient of repeatability was calculated for each parameter. Coefficients several times smaller than the range of measured values, were found for most parameters. These parameters and their coefficients include: diastolic velocity (base value 3.1 cm s-1, variability 1.6 cm s-1); mean velocity base value 3.1 cm s-1; systolic velocity base value 4.5 cm s-1; resistance index (base value 0.13, variability 0.08); diastolic time interval base value 25 ms; systolic time interval base value 27 ms; heart beat duration base value 27 ms. Thus, Doppler ultrasound enables differentiation within the biological variation of certain properties of cerebral blood flow.
The reliability of patient-generated data from self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) was studied in 14 patients with type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus treated by continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) (7 women, 7 men). The reflectance meters (Glucometer I, Ames, Elkhart, IN) used by the patients were replaced for a period of 21 days by memory-reflectance meters; patients were unaware of the memory capacity of the new meters and were instructed to continue their practice of recording the meter readings in their logbook. This study compares the data recorded in the memory-reflectance meters with those reported in the logbook. The number of SMBG measurements was different in 11 patients (differences ranging from 2 to 66). Mean glycemia was similar (8.23 +/- 0.36 mM in logbook vs. 8.49 +/- 0.48 mM in memory-reflectance meters), but both the M value and mean amplitude of glycemic excursions (MAGE) index were lower when calculated from logbook data (38 +/- 5 vs. 48 +/- 7 mM, P less than .05 and 6.91 +/- 0.43 vs. 7.72 +/- 0.52 mM, respectively; P less than .05). Overreporting (addition of phantom values in logbook) and underreporting (omission of SMBG measurements from logbook) indexes were 19 +/- 7 and 12 +/- 3%, respectively. Precision (percent of identical values in logbook and in memory-reflectance meters at the corresponding time) was 77 +/- 6.8%. The number of SMBG measurements recorded in the memory-reflectance meter was negatively correlated with glycosylated hemoglobin [HbA1c; (r = -.85, P less than .001)], whereas overreporting was positively correlated with HbA1c (r = .76, P less than .01).
A marked variability in serum phenytoin concentrations was observed in an elderly nursing home resident. To determine the prevalence of this problem, 15 frail nursing home patients who were receiving phenytoin therapy were studied over a mean follow-up period of 10.6 +/- 0.89 months. The mean number of serum phenytoin level measurements during this period was 13.1 +/- 1.5. For a given individual, there was no variation in phenytoin dose or preparation administered. All the patients had a difference of more than 50% between the highest and the lowest serum phenytoin levels, and in five patients (33%), the difference exceeded 150%. The change in serum phenytoin level was temporally related to influenza vaccination in only three patients. The form of phenytoin was not a significant determinant of the variability in this patient population, nor did enteral feeding have any effect. It is recommended that nursing home patients receiving phenytoin therapy have periodic serum phenytoin measurements obtained, even in the absence of seizures or classic signs of phenytoin toxicity.
Although an immunobead assay (IBA) for the detection of antisperm antibodies was developed several years ago and has been used for the study of immunologic infertility, no data regarding its variability and reproducibility are yet available. We evaluated the intraassay reproducibility of the indirect IBA by testing aliquots of antisperm-antibody-positive sera from two patients against the same donor sperm sample. The interassay reproducibility was evaluated by testing a positive serum sample first with different sperm samples from the same donor and second with sperm samples from different donors. The results of those experiments showed that the indirect IBA has very low intraassay variation and greater interassay variability.
The complexity of amiodarone disposition in blood and tissues gives rise to difficulty in determination of optimal therapeutic monitoring strategies. We have defined the within-patient variability of plasma and erythrocyte amiodarone and desethylamiodarone concentrations and electrocardiogram intervals [PR and corrected QT (QTc)] in 27 patients each sampled on three to four occasions during long-term stable amiodarone therapy. All individual repeated measurements were included in the concentration-effect analysis. The mean within-patient coefficients of variation for amiodarone and desethylamiodarone were significantly greater in erythrocytes, 46.0 and 24.5%, respectively, compared with plasma, 12.7 and 12.3%. Amiodarone and desethylamiodarone were significantly greater in erythrocytes, 46.0 and 24.5%, respectively, compared with plasma, 12.7 and 12.3%. Amiodarone and desethylamiodarone were strongly correlated (r = 0.29 p less than 0.004). There was a 10-fold variability in erythrocyte amiodarone for a given plasma level. These data emphasize the highly variable cellular distribution of amiodarone and desethylamiodarone in the same patient on stable dosage over time. Plasma amiodarone was significantly correlated with dosage (r = 0.98), and percent change in QTc, (r = 0.56, p less than 0.0001), but there was a fourfold variation in plasma amiodarone for a given QTc. Side-effect frequency was not related to plasma or erythrocyte amiodarone or desethylamiodarone concentrations. A clinically useful relationship between plasma concentration and effect could not be consistently demonstrated for amiodarone in the same individual during stable dosage.
We conducted a study to examine whether a negative Chemstrip 9 result for leukocyte esterase and nitrite would reliably exclude an abnormal microscopic examination of the urine of emergency department patients. Three hundred urine specimens were subjected to Chemstrip 9 evaluations and full microscopic examinations in the microscopy laboratory. As the microscopy laboratory examination identified lower WBC and bacteria counts, increasing numbers of false-negative urine dipsticks results occurred. The results of our study reveal that the nitrite and leukocyte esterase assays miss significant microscopic findings with corresponding clinical pathology, with the nitrite examination being the less sensitive of the two tests. Based on our results, we believe it would not be prudent to use the Chemstrip 9 dipstick in the ED to exclude the presence of WBC and bacteria in the urine.
Determination of the oxygen affinity of human whole blood with the help of blood-gas analyzers and multi-wavelength oximeters is compared with an accurate method for recording hemoglobin oxygen dissociation curves (Clin Chem 1982;28:1287-92). P50 (oxygen tension at half saturation; So2 = 50%) and Hill's n (delta log [So2/(1-So2)]/delta log Po2) were determined in blood of 24 healthy donors. Three slightly different procedures were used for determination of P50 on the basis of Po2, pH, Pco2, and So2 measured with each of four different blood-gas analyzer/oximeter combinations. These methods were not able to discriminate between high and low values for P50 within the normal reference interval, but never failed to detect the high oxygen affinity of blood stored for 12 days, reflected in low values of P50. The methods thus proved suitable for detecting clinically significant deviations in oxygen affinity such as occur in patients with, e.g., abnormal hemoglobins, anemias, or carbon monoxide poisoning. Determination of Hill's n by these methods did not produce useful results.
Eight males and six females consumed their normal diet for 9 weeks, except for weeks 3 and 9 when they followed a self-selected diet free of 3-methylhistidine (3MH) for five subsequent weekdays (days 1 to 5). Timed 24-hours urine collections were obtained on days 3, 4, and 5 of these 3MH-free dietary periods and on one day during weeks 1 and 7. At the group level, no differences in 3MH excretion (P greater than .05) between days 3, 4, and 5 in weeks 3 and 9 and between these weeks were observed. Reproducibility at the individual level was indicated by the within-subject coefficient of variation (CVw). CVw within weeks 3 and 9 was 2.5% and 5.1% for men and 4.8 and 8.0% for women. CVw between these weeks was highest when more than one measurement per week was performed. Relating 3MH to creatinine decreased the CVw between weeks. If muscle protein breakdown is to be measured at the individual level, a reasonably large biologic variation is to be taken into account and repeated measurements should be done to decrease the CVw.
The effects of freezing and storage at -20 degrees C of serum on the measurement of cholesterol and triglycerides concentrations in lipoprotein fractions separated by density gradient ultracentrifugation were investigated. Fresh, fasting, normolipidemic sera from 24 healthy individuals were divided into aliquots and stored, using different conditions. After storage, serum lipoproteins were separated by density gradient ultracentrifugation, and cholesterol and triglycerides assayed enzymatically. Freezing as such had no effect on the concentration of cholesterol and triglycerides in the various lipoproteins; changes averaged 0.00 mmol/l (range, -0.02 to 0.02 mmol/l). The concentration of cholesterol in the major cholesterol fractions (LDL, HDL2 and HDL3) changed on average by less than 4.1% over the full period of 27 wk. The percentage changes in the triglyceride concentrations over the first 11 wk were less than 5% for the major triglyceride fractions (VLDL and LDL) except for LDL after 11 weeks of storage (change +9.4%). By 27 weeks of storage, triglyceride concentrations had changed by -13.0% in VLDL and by +13.0% in LDL. It is concluded that fasting normolipidemic serum can be stored at -20 degrees C for at least 11 wk before lipoproteins are separated by density gradient ultracentrifugation and analyzed for cholesterol and triglycerides.
The variability of cerebral blood flow velocity was measured in 20 very low birthweight infants. The area under the curve of the Doppler frequency spectrum was used and was obtained from the anterior cerebral artery in the infants before and after infusions of plasma or dopamine. Both interventions significantly reduced the variability without a demonstrable effect on cardiac output, heart rate, or cerebral blood flow velocity. The reduction was from a median of 13% to 5% after plasma and from 13% to 4% after dopamine. The effect was probably due to an increase in circulating blood volume. It is proposed that appreciable variations in systolic blood pressure occurring in phase with respiration indicate a low central venous pressure in infants, as in adults and animals. The variations could be transmitted to the cerebral circulation in the absence of autoregulation, and their detection in either the aorta or a cerebral artery may prove a useful index of hypovolaemia.
The Laboratory Proficiency Testing Program has successfully operated mandatory proficiency testing for 13 years in Ontario, Canada, using committees of volunteer peers. This is an alternative to gubernatorial proficiency testing. Using white blood cell (WBC) count determinations as a focus, we present our results. Ninety-six percent of participants attained WBC count results within +/- 10% of an all-methods mean and 77% attained results within +/- 5%. Ninety-six percent displayed satisfactory precision. Details of the program, ie, testing material, computer analysis, reference results, and scope of committee action, are discussed. In 1975, clinical expectations for WBC count determinations greatly exceeded most laboratories' capabilities. By 1987, participants were able to produce reliable, clinically useful WBC count results. The paramount reason for this improvement is the transition from manual to automated counting methods resulting from the stimulus of proficiency testing and the concomitant education.
We investigated whether the effect of nisoldipine on liver blood flow depends on its route of administration. Ten healthy subjects took nisoldipine I.V. (infusion) and orally (without and with sotalol pretreatment). Pharmacokinetics of nisoldipine was assessed and liver blood flow (ICG clearance) was measured before dosing and at the end of the infusion or during absorption. During I.V. infusion the ICG plasma clearance increased by only 14%, whereas the increase was 60% during absorption of nisoldipine. Nisoldipine increases liver blood flow considerably only during the absorption phase. A positive correlation was found between the increase in liver blood flow during absorption and the systemic availability of nisoldipine, suggesting that the differences in liver blood flow response to nisoldipine substantially contribute to the variability in pharmacokinetics of the drug.
Single-photon emission computed tomography with N-isopropyl[123I]-p-iodoamphetamine (IMP-SPECT) was performed in 14 normal volunteers (seven men and seven women aged 25.1 +/- 5.3 years) and 29 patients with cerebrovascular disease (18 men and 11 women aged 54.1 +/- 13.7 years). The fluid microsphere model was used to estimate cerebral blood flow (CBF). Normal subjects were scanned twice, 1 week apart, to determine the reproducibility of the CBF estimates. Hemispheric blood flow (hCBF) was calculated as the mean of regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) values in 16 gray matter regions per hemisphere. In normal subjects mean hCBF was 68 ml/100 g/min. The highest rCBF was found in the occipital cortex, followed by the frontal, temporal, and parietal cortexes. CBF values were reproducible (p less than 0.001 except the right thalamic region, where p less than 0.01). Intraindividual variation ranged between 0.3% and 15%. Women exhibited significantly higher (16%, p less than 0.02) CBF than men. Patients were subdivided into groups with reversible (n = 19) and persistent (n = 10) symptoms. Significant hCBF differences between the affected and the contralateral hemispheres were recorded only in the group with reversible symptoms (p less than 0.005), whereas the group with persistent symptoms showed a significant bilateral decrease of hCBF compared with normal subjects and patients with reversible symptoms. Focal CBF was significantly lower in patients with completed stroke than in patients with transient symptoms (p less than 0.001). Our results indicate that IMP-SPECT can be used for the routine estimation of CBF in normal and pathologic states.
Prescreening of urine specimens by teststrips is a valuable procedure for reducing the work load of the urine analysis laboratory: positive results for leukocytes, erythrocytes (haemoglobin), protein, and/or nitrite are widely used to select pathological specimens for subsequent microscopic examination. By standardization of the measurement conditions, mechanized teststrip reading is claimed to give more reproducible results than conventional techniques. To assess their ability to improve urine prescreening, especially with regard to the comparability of the results, the practical and analytical performance of three commercially available analysers (Rapimat II/T from Behringwerke AG, Urotron RL9 from Boehringer Mannheim GmbH, and Clinitek 200 from Ames/Bayer Diagnostic) was compared with visual reading. Analytical criteria were assessed using routine urine samples, while reproducibility was tested by repeated analysis of three different commercial control urines (Kova Trol from Madaus). A mean imprecision between 3% and 11.9% was found for the mechanized dipstick reading which was comparable to that found with visual examination (4.5% with Combur9-teststrips, Boehringer Mannheim GmbH). Due to the crude classification of the results, the different analysers as well as the visual technique gave quite different distributions for each of the semiquantitative parameters in the same urine samples. Even if statistical analysis was restricted to the frequency of positive results only, significant differences (chi 2-test, p less than 0.001-0.05) between methods were obtained, but these differences could not be attributed to one method alone. Using microscopic sediment analysis as reference, pathological urines were detected with a comparable sensitivity/specificity: Urotron 0.85/0.84, Rapimat 0.91/0.67, Clinitek 0.82/0.81, and duplicate visual reading 0.88/0.67 and 0.91/0.93. Mechanized teststrip reading had no obvious advantage with respect to the time required. We conclude: (i) no improvement in analytical performance or in speed of analysis could be claimed for mechanized methods in comparison with visual reading; (ii) mechanized teststrip reading might decrease the work load of the urine laboratory if integrated into a computerized laboratory system; (iii) mechanized teststrip reading will become analytically advantageous over visual reading if a more refined classification of the results is achieved.
The effect of a dose change on the plasma concentration of carbamazepine (CBZ) was studied in 13 epileptic patients, all with a CBZ dose of at least 800 mg/day. A disproportionately small rise in the plasma concentration of CBZ was found in 10 of the patients. The ratio between the final metabolite 10,11-dihydro-10,11-trans-dihydroxy-CBZ and CBZ in plasma was higher after dose increase in the 10 patients with a small rise in CBZ levels, indicating a dose-dependent autoinduction of CBZ metabolism. The ratio between the active intermediary metabolite, CBZ-epoxide, and CBZ was unaltered by the dose change in all patients. This indicates that CBZ plasma level determinations can be used for prediction of the total effect of CBZ treatment during high as well as low dosage.
Ten healthy subjects whose genetic oxidative phenotype had been determined (6 extensive and 4 poor metabolizers of the debrisoquine-sparteine type of polymorphism) received single oral doses of 3 beta-blockers: atenolol, bopindolol and metoprolol. The plasma concentrations and the extent of the decrease in exercise-induced tachycardia were determined. The oxidative polymorphism was only significant for substances that had a high hepatic first pass metabolism, such as metoprolol. The metabolic pathway under genetic control was highly stereoselective. This observation must be taken into account when assessing the relation between the plasma concentration and effect of these drugs, which are often administered as racemic mixtures.
Carboxyhaemoglobin (COHb%) and gamma-glutamyl-transferase (GGT) are today frequently used as objective indicators of tobacco and alcohol consumption. The relationships between COHb%, GGT and relative body weight, cholesterol, triglyceride and apolipoprotein AI (Apo-AI) were studied in middle-aged men attending a preventive medical programme in Malm, Sweden. Although statistically significant the influence of COHb% on cholesterol and triglyceride was found to be clinically insignificant. GGT and body weight had, independent of each other, a significant influence on cholesterol and triglyceride. GGT was found to have a positive correlation to Apo-AI whereas body weight was found to have a negative correlation to Apo-AI. Four per cent of the cholesterol variability, 16% of the triglyceride variability and about 10% of the variability in Apo-AI could, in this study, be accounted for by COHb%, GGT and relative body weight.
The variability of 24-hour urinary sodium, potassium, and calcium excretion was studied in a sample of 22 Neapolitan men with mild blood pressure elevation. On 5 days within a 1-month period, 24-hour urine specimens were collected by each subject. The estimated ratio of intraindividual-to-interindividual variance was 1.12 for urinary sodium, 2.46 for urinary potassium, and 0.52 for urinary calcium. Based on these values, five 24-hour urine collections are necessary to reduce to less than 10% the diminution of the correlation coefficient between urinary sodium and another related variable; this number is substantially lower than that found in previous studies in a North American population sample, but similar to the one reported for Chinese population samples. Ten urinary collections are needed for potassium excretion. A different and more favorable situation is observed for 24-hour calcium excretion, as only two collections are necessary for the adequate characterization of individuals in a population.
Induction of some fragile sites including fragile X [fra(X)] depends on the depletion of thymidine monophosphate (TMP) from the culture medium. This can be accomplished by use of inhibitors such as 5-fluorodeoxyuridine (FUdR) and by culturing cells in medium deficient in folate and TMP. FUdR inhibits the activity of thymidylate synthase (TS), thereby depleting cells of TMP. To determine the degree of FUdR inhibition of TS under routine cytogenetic culture conditions, we modified the tritiated dUMP TS method for use in short-term whole blood cultures stimulated with phytohemagglutinin. TS inhibition was highly variable across whole blood cultures from 30 individuals exposed to FUdR during the last 24 hours of a 4 day culture. If an additional dose of FUdR was added 12 hours before harvest, TS inhibition usually increased. These findings have a potential impact on the use of FUdR for the diagnosis of the fra(X) syndrome.
To assess the variability of the response to exogenous atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP), it was infused at the rate of 1 microgram/min for 2 h in 6 salt-loaded normal volunteers under controlled conditions on 2 occasions at an interval of 1 week. The effect on solute excretion and the haemodynamic and endocrine actions were highly reproducible. The constant ANP infusion caused a delayed and prolonged excretion of sodium, chloride and calcium, no change in potassium or phosphate excretion or in glomerular filtration rate but a marked decrease in renal plasma flow. Blood pressure, heart rate and the plasma levels of angiotensin II, aldosterone, arginine vasopressin and plasma renin activity were unaltered. The effect of a 2-h infusion of ANP 0.5 microgram/min or its vehicle on apparent hepatic blood flow (HBF) was also studied in 14 normal volunteers by measuring the indocyanine green clearance. A 21% decrease in HBF was observed in subjects who received the ANP infusion (p less than 0.01 vs vehicle). Thus, ANP infused at a dose that did not lower blood pressure decreased both renal and liver blood flow in normotensive volunteers. The renal and endocrine responses to ANP were reproducible over a 1-week interval.
The variability of overnight urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) and albumin to creatinine ratio was assessed in eight normal subjects and two groups of insulin-dependent diabetic patients divided on the basis of an initial overnight urinary albumin excretion rate below (n = 15) or above (n = 12) 30 micrograms/min. The latter group is known to be at risk of developing clinical diabetic nephropathy. An albumin to creatinine ratio of 2.6 and above identified all patients with an initial albumin excretion rate greater than 30 micrograms/min. The mean of the coefficients of variation, calculated from five successive overnight urine collections, for all subjects was 38% for albumin excretion rate and 37% for albumin to creatinine ratio. There was no significant difference in the variation of albumin excretion rate and albumin to creatinine ratio within or between the groups. Subsequent AERs from diabetics with an initial rate greater than 30 micrograms/min changed category more often (chi 2 = 11.9, p less than 0.001) than those from diabetics with lower initial rates and normal subjects. This was due to four subjects with initial values close to the cut-off level, whose subsequent values varied around it. Albumin excretion rates in normal subjects never exceeded 11 micrograms/min. Whether a patient's risk status is influenced by the degree of variation of albumin excretion rate around a risk level, or whether the classification of risk is improved by multiple collections, awaits testing in prospective subjects.
This investigation examined the reproducibility of resting and post exercise plasma beta-endorphin levels. Twenty subjects (10 men and 10 women) had their resting endorphin levels measured under controlled conditions on four separate occasions. Concomitantly, the endorphin response of eight trained runners completing three similar ten mile runs was also determined. For the resting data, there was no significant overall variation among trials, but the intra-subject variability was substantial; the within subject variance was 6.16, and it corresponded to an intra-class reliability coefficient of r = 0.239. No gender effect was noted for the average beta-endorphin values for the four occasions (men = 4.6 +/- 1.7; women = 4.4 +/- 2.1 pM/l); however, the males' within-subject variance of 8.548 (r = 0.080) was significantly larger than that of 3.719 (r = 0.485) for females. Of the runners, one outlier subject had a uniquely high average beta endorphin level of 85.67. Analysis including and excluding the outlier subject yielded within-subject variances of 29.61 (r = 0.960) and 34.47 (r = 0.176), respectively; variances for differences in confidence limits for random variation, they must exceed 7 pM/l at rest, 17 pM/l post exercise, and 20 pM/L difference from rest to post exercise.
Glucose reflectance meters equipped with memories were used in 21 insulin-dependent diabetic patients to assess reliability of self blood glucose monitoring records. Results reported in logbooks showed widespread discrepancies when compared with corresponding meter-held records. Discrepancy rates of at least one in five were observed in 11 patients. Unreliable reporting was usually recognized by clinical staff, and associated with high glycosylated haemoglobin levels and poor technique in measuring blood glucose at home.
The reliability of self blood glucose analysis was studied in 83 insulin-treated diabetic patients. Reliability was assessed by laboratory analysis of capillary blood samples collected simultaneously on filter paper. Patient and laboratory results were compared using a scoring system which produces an easily understood Proficiency Score. The score was designed to highlight unreliable performance in measuring glucose concentrations in the euglycaemic as well as hypo- and hyperglycaemic ranges. Only 17% of patients achieved acceptable Proficiency Scores by maintaining adequate performance on five occasions.
Serum levels for beta-human chorionic gonadotropin (beta-hCG) and pregnancy-specific beta 1-glycoprotein (SP1) in patients with trophoblastic disease were measured by radioimmunoassay and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The beta-hCG:SP1 ratios were below 1.0 in all 22 cases of complete hydatidiform mole and in 8 of 9 cases of partial hydatidiform mole. Two (10.5%) of 19 cases of invasive mole involving metastasis had ratios that rose above 1.0 during chemotherapy. Ratios ranged from 1.6 to 29 in 11 of 15 cases of choriocarcinoma before chemotherapy. The remaining 4 cases, diagnosed within 3 months of antecedent pregnancy, had ratios below 0.99. Thus, the difference between choriocarcinoma and nonchoriocarcinoma beta-hCG:SP1 ratios may be due to trophoblastic differentiation based on the developmental stage and with trophoblast age, or due to the mass and potential activity of trophoblastic cells.
Some vaccines can be assayed for potency by measuring the serum antibody response they produce in vaccinated test animals. Using data obtained from potency assays on batches of foot and mouth disease vaccine, the sources of variability in such a method were examined. A linear model is proposed for the analysis of replicate serum neutralizing antibody assays, which represents an improvement on the usual approach of working with only a mean serum assay value for each test animal. Components of variance were calculated, allowing the relative importance of the numbers of test animals, or the numbers of serum assays per test animal, to be estimated in terms of the variability of the overall group mean antibody response. A method is described for calculating fiducial intervals for the serological potency estimates, and it is shown that these intervals are no larger than, and are in fact probably smaller than, those obtained from quantal challenge tests. The results have important implications for the design and analysis of similar biological tests used for other products.
Voiding colpo-cysto-urethrography was performed in 52 consecutive female patients with genuine urinary stress incontinence before treatment and in 50 of the patients after treatment. The patients were randomized to either pelvic floor training or surgery. Surgery included a colposuspension operation in patients with an anterior suspension defect and a vaginal repair in patients with a posterior suspension defect. All pre- and posttreatment examinations were reevaluated blindly by one observer 4 to 6 years later. The pretreatment radiologic reevaluation was in agreement with the original classification in 79 per cent and not in agreement in 21 per cent. Pelvic floor training did not change the degree of suspension defect systematically. The effect of squeezing was significantly improved following pelvic floor training. A colposuspension gave rise to a typical radiologic configuration of the bladder and urethra. A vaginal repair was not detectable radiologically and it did not correct a posterior descent. The degree of descent and the degree of incontinence were not correlated and it was not possible radiologically to distinguish treatment failures from treatment success.
Uterine artery blood flow velocity waveforms (FVW) were recorded longitudinally in normal pregnancies (n = 41) at 4-week intervals from a gestational age of 18 weeks onwards. Furthermore, reproducibility of the uterine artery FVWs and the relation with maternal heart rate (MHR) was studied. The uterine artery FVW showed a low resistance flow pattern already from 18 weeks onwards, with high diastolic flow velocity relative to systolic flow velocity. Mean values (+/- S.D.) for the Pulsatility-Index (PI) before and after 32 weeks of normal pregnancy were 0.73 (+/- 0.17) and 0.67 (+/- 0.15) respectively; for the A/B ratio these values were 1.98 (+/- 0.30) and 1.85 (+/- 0.25) respectively. Intra- and interobserver reproducibility could be established for uterine artery FVW analysis. A varying time-period between the FVWs (0-4 min), repositioning of the flow probe and different observers did not cause any systematic effect on the PI, although variation increased in case of a longer time-period between the FVWs. Overall variation of the PI in the reproducibility experiments appeared to be caused more by inter- than intrapatient variance. Inter- and intrapatient variance were in the same range for the results of the longitudinal study. A statistically significant, inverse relationship between uterine artery PI and MHR could be established in a majority of cases. The mean regression coefficient for all patients of the reproducibility study was -0.0061; PI decreases with 0.0061 when maternal heart rate increases 1 beats/min.
The population pharmacokinetic parameters describing the plasma concentration versus time profile of alfentanil in patients undergoing general anesthesia were determined from 614 plasma concentration measurements collected in four previously reported studies with a total of 45 patients. A nonlinear regression analysis evaluating the effect of six concomitant variables revealed a significant influence of body weight on the volume of the central compartment (Vc), and a decrease with age of total body clearance (CL) and of redistribution rate from the deep compartment (k31). A small but significant effect of sex on the Vc was also observed. The duration of anesthesia and the concomitant administration of inhalational anesthetics had no effect on alfentanil pharmacokinetic parameters. The mean CL and Vc for alfentanil in a 70-kg male, aged less than 40 yr, were estimated as 0.356 l/min and 7.77 l, respectively. After correction for age, body weight, and sex, the remaining interindividual variability of alfentanil kinetics (expressed as coefficient of variation) was 48% for CL and 33% for Vc. These population pharmacokinetic parameter estimates should increase the accuracy of predicting concentration-time profiles for intravenous alfentanil infusions. A computer program is presented that allows prediction of the alfentanil plasma concentration and the 68% interval limits of the prediction from the study data analysis.
An i.v. infusion of mannitol was given over 15 min to 12 patients before they underwent intracranial surgery under general anesthesia. Samples of blood, CSF and urine were taken over 4 h. Mannitol disappeared from plasma in a bi-exponential manner. The mean maximal plasma concentration was 4.08 mg/ml at 15 min, and at 4 h it had declined to 0.53 mg/ml. The mean distribution rate constant was 11.2 h-1, corresponding to a plasma distribution half-life of 0.11 h. The mean elimination rate constant was 0.41 h-1, the plasma half-life was 2.2 h, the central distribution volume was 16.3 l, and total plasma clearance was 100.4 ml/min. The mean concentration of mannitol in CSF during the 4 h period increased up to 0.10 mg/ml. There were marked interindividual differences in the concentration ratio blood/CSF, and the CSF concentration varied 7.5 fold between patients. Optimal use of mannitol during neurosurgery requires further prolonged study of its pharmacokinetics.
The mean concentrations of triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxin (T4) in serum were increased in pregnancy, the increases for individuals remaining stable for week 16 to week 40 of gestation. For this period biological intra-individual variations of T3 and T4 in serum were estimated and compared with those of non-pregnant women. The average biological intra-individual CVs for T3 and T4 were of the same order for pregnant and non-pregnant women (6.9-8.4%). The ratios of the biological intra-individual CVs to the biological group CVs were 0.5 to 0.6. Individual values were normally distributed. There was no increase of the intra-individual variation with the lapse of time between two consecutively observed values. The estimated average biological intra-individual CVs were used to derive decision-making criteria in monitoring thyroid function during the 2nd and 3rd trimester of gestation.
Serum dipyridamole levels were measured in 27 patients undergoing planar thallium-201 myocardial perfusion scintigraphy after receiving a 300 mg oral dose. Mean serum dipyridamole level was 2.9 +/- 1.6 mcg/ml (range 0.2-5.7). No correlation was found between serum level and symptoms, heart rate or blood pressure response, peak heart to lung thallium activity ratio, peak heart to liver thallium activity ratio, or peak myocardial thallium washout. Serum level following a single oral dose of dipyridamole is unpredictable and patients with low drug levels cannot be easily identified at the time of study.
The distribution of blood flow in skeletal muscle stimulated to rhythmic isotonic contractions was studied by injections of radioactive microspheres into the arterial supply in 8 gastrocnemius muscles (mean weight 84 g) of 6 anesthetized dogs (20-25 kg body weight). The distribution of 10 micron microspheres in regions of about 0.5 g was very similar to that of the standard 15 micron microspheres, whereas that of 25 micron microspheres was more uneven. The coefficient of variation (CV = SD/mean) of the ratio of simultaneously injected 10 micron and 15 micron microspheres, 0.12, was taken as the inherent scatter of the method. The average spatial distribution inequality of 10-15 micron microspheres corresponded to a CV of 0.45 and the specific local blood flow inhomogeneity to a CV = 0.43 ( = square root 0.45(2) - 0.12(2], but there were marked differences between muscles. At equal blood flow levels, the inhomogeneity during reactive hyperemia was similar to that observed during stimulation. The temporal variability of blood flow in individual muscle pieces was obtained from the comparison of fractional trapping of 4 to 5 differently labeled microspheres injected at intervals of 2 min into steadily stimulated muscles. The mean CV for the variations in time was 0.23 and that corrected for methodological scatter, 0.19, but the differences in the extent of temporal blood flow changes among muscle pieces within a muscle and between different muscles were large. The presence of considerable spatial and temporal variations of blood flow in exercising muscle during apparent steady state may be important in limiting and/or modulating tissue O2 supply.
Many steps are to be taken before a urinary specimen is cytologically examined. The physician can improve the cytologic results by providing the cytologist with the best possible cellular material collected and fixed in a standardized manner as by using the Urotel test. This is a plastic device prefilled with two fixatives. It means a two-step fixation and spontaneous sedimentation of cells to reduce the amount of liquid for easier and safer transportation from the doctors' offices and hospitals with no cytologic facilities to the diagnosing laboratory. The aim of this study was to obtain an estimate of the accuracy of the Urotel test. Based on 903 patients' first urinary specimen and the original diagnoses, this study indicates that the standardized handling with the device described may increase the possibility for the general practitioner to refer his or her patient, who has an early urothelial malignancy, to the urologist for a quick handling without any delay.
A series of ten 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests was carried out on each of 14 apparently healthy subjects. The analytical, intra-individual and interindividual components of variation were calculated by nested ANOVA following duplicate analyses of capillary plasma glucose under optimal conditions. The analyses met the objectively set analytical goal of CV less than or equal to 2.2%. There was considerable intra-individual variation, but no subject was ever classified as diabetic or having impaired glucose tolerance. Recent criteria for interpretation of results must be used since conventional population-based reference values are not adequate. Serial results from an individual must differ by more than 0.7 mmol/L for fasting specimens and at least 1.6 mmol/L for other specimens for a statistically significant (P less than or equal to 0.05) change to have occurred.
The daily variability of umbilical artery and lateral uterine wall artery velocity-time waveforms recorded by continuous wave Doppler ultrasound was determined by making three observations in each of 97 women on different days within a 7-day period. There were no significant changes in the maximal:minimal Doppler shift frequency (A/B ratio) or the pulsatility index in either artery over the period of study. Common pregnancy complications did not influence the variability of the recordings. The variability of uterine artery recordings was not affected by gestational age between 17 and 41 weeks but the degree of variability of the umbilical artery recordings was greater before 30 weeks. We conclude that after 30 weeks gestation this technique has an acceptable range of daily variability for clinical and research applications.
Cerebral blood flow velocity was measured using Doppler ultrasonography in 20 babies who weighed less than 2500 g at birth and who were receiving assisted ventilation; their patterns of spontaneous respiration were recorded simultaneously. The babies were induced to breathe synchronously or asynchronously with the ventilator by manipulating the inspiratory and expiratory time settings. The variability of cerebral blood flow velocity (coefficient of variation) was calculated from the area of the maximum Doppler frequency shift envelope for 10 cardiac cycles from 211 recordings made on 42 occasions, and was greatest within 12 hours of birth after which it fell progressively over the next 48 hours. Variability of cerebral blood flow velocity was significantly greater when the infants were breathing out of synchrony with the ventilator (median 11%, interquartile range 8-14%) than when they were either apnoeic (median 5%, 3-7%), or breathing synchronously with the ventilator (median 5%, 3-6%).
The reproducibility of measurements of blood flow velocity in the aorta and systolic time intervals using pulsed ultrasound Doppler was determined in 10 subjects. Measurements were made in both the ascending aorta and the aortic arch, and instant maximum as well as instant mean velocities were measured. The smallest variation was found when the maximum velocity was measured in the ascending aorta. The coefficient of variation in measurements was between 6.9% and 13.1%, when determined at intervals of 10-15 min. Again the smallest variation was when the maximum velocity was measured in the ascending aorta. The intraobserver variation was smaller than the interobserver variation (6.9% compared with 10.6%) in the ascending aorta. Both the intraobserver and interobserver variations in systolic time intervals were very small. The mean coefficients of variation were 1.7% for the pre-ejection period (PEP), 1.7% for left ventricular ejection time (LVET), 1.4% for electromechanical systole (QS2), and 2.9% for the PEP:LVET ratio. The mean values of pre-ejection period and left ventricular ejection time were 154 ms and 377 ms, which are a little longer and shorter respectively than measurements made by phonocardiography and pulse pressure monitoring, whereas QS2 was the same (531 ms). The interobserver variations were 2.6%, 2.0%, 1.4%, and 3.9% respectively. It is concluded that pulsed Doppler ultrasound is a reliable method of measuring blood flow velocity and systolic time intervals. Changes in blood flow velocity of 10-12% can be detected by this method.
We prepared whole-blood pools to contain various concentrations of phenylalanine (Phe), thyroxin (T4), and thyrotropin (TSH) and applied them to six different lots of Schleicher & Schuell Grade 903 filter paper, two of which represented extremes for serum-absorbancy. Individual measured T4 values showed minimal overlap among all pools for each individual filter-paper lot and for all lots combined, but Phe values overlapped considerably among the high-concentration pools within and among lots. Individual TSH values also showed considerable overlap among the high-concentration pools for all lots combined, but little overlap within each lot. Maximum differences in mean observed values among lots ranged from 6% to 36% for all analytes. Assay results from hemolyzed blood specimens generally were lower than from intact-cell blood specimens for T4 and TSH, but slightly higher for Phe. Maximum among-lot differences in mean values ranged from 13% to 29% for all analytes when each tested lot was used for assay calibration. Lot-to-lot differences in measured values were not strongly related to serum absorbancy values. We conclude that routinely encountered within- and among-lot filter paper variability, as measured by serum-absorbancy, is not alone sufficient to cause gross quantification errors in neonatal screening programs.
To determine the reproducibility of splanchnic blood flow measurements by the microsphere method in rats with portal hypertension and the effects of laparotomy with portal vein cannulation, eight groups of 10 rats were studied. Cardiac output and regional blood flows were measured twice, 10 min apart, in pentobarbital anesthetized or awake, sham-operated or portal vein-ligated rats, with or without portal cannulation. Variability between the two successive measurements was not affected by portal hypertension or portal cannulation, and was not different in the splanchnic territory and in other organs. Laparotomy with portal cannulation had no significant effect in sham-operated rats. In awake portal hypertensive rats, cardiac output (53.9 +/- 3.0 vs 45.8 +/- 2.9 ml.min-1.100 g body wt-1, P less than 0.01) and splanchnic blood flow (12.31 +/- 0.72 vs 9.34 +/- 0.85 ml.min-1.100 g body wt-1, P less than 0.01) were lower in portal vein cannulated rats compared with those of non-cannulated animals. In anesthetized portal hypertensive rats blood flows were unaffected by portal cannulation, but arterial pressure (100.2 +/- 4.3 vs 119.9 +/- 3.4 mm Hg, P less than 0.01) and heart rate (366.5 +/- 10.0 vs 405.5 +/- 7.4 beats.min-1, P less than 0.01) were elevated. Anesthesia also decreased portal pressure (14.8 +/- 0.5 vs 12.0 +/- 0.4 mm Hg, P less than 0.05) in portal hypertensive rats. We conclude that the microsphere method remains reproducible in portal hypertensive rat models. Laparotomy with portal cannulation can alter systemic and splanchnic hemodynamics in portal hypertensive rats; these effects can also be changed during pentobarbital anesthesia. Regional blood flow measurements in portal hypertensive rats should be performed in animals without portal cannulation and preferably in the awake state.
The within-pair difference in lipid levels was examined in 142 monozygotic (MZ) twin pairs drawn from the population-based Norwegian Twin Panel. Mean within-pair difference in serum total cholesterol was lower in MZ pairs who were heterozygous for blood group Kidd genes or homozygous for the Jkb gene than in pairs who were homozygous for the Jka gene. The difference between the two categories of homozygotes was significant at the 2% level. The analyses suggest that the main reason for the difference observed is a restrictive effect of the Jkb gene on total cholesterol variability. No effect on triglycerides or HDL cholesterol variability was detected and there was no association between Kidd blood groups and sex and age-adjusted levels of cholesterol, triglycerides or HDL cholesterol. The present data confirm findings we reported when we introduced the study of within-pair variability in MZ twins as a method to analyze gene-environment interactions and validate the "variability gene" concept. A person's net risk for coronary heart disease may depend on his or her combination of "level genes" and "variability genes" as well as on environmental or life-style factors.
New neutral oligosaccharides from cow colostrum kappa-casein were identified and characterized by 500-MHz 1H-NMR spectroscopy. Their structures are Gal beta(1----3)GalNAc-ol, Gal beta(1----3)[GlcNAc beta(1----6)]GalNAc-ol, Gal beta(1----3)[Gal beta(1----4)GlcNAc beta(1----6)]GalNAc-ol, Gal beta(1----3)[Fuc alpha(1----3)[Gal beta(1----4)]GlcNAc beta(1----6)]GalNAc-ol. The tetrasaccharide and the cow colostrum kappa-caseinoglycopeptide which contains this oligosaccharide inhibit the hemagglutination of blood group I human erythrocytes. In cow mature milk only the disaccharide is characterized. The variability of these neutral oligosaccharides in cow kappa-casein as a function of time after calving is studied.
The object of this study was to determine the reproducibility of the measurement of plasma catecholamine metabolites in normal control subjects and to assess the influence of factors such as time of day, diet, activity, blood pressure, and mood on the variance of these measures. Plasma free homovanillic acid (HVA), 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycol (MHPG), and vanillylmandelic acid (VMA) were simultaneously measured by high performance liquid chromatography with electrochemical detection. Samples were collected from 15 doctors and nurses at 8 a.m. and at noon on 2 separate days. After the fasting 8 a.m. sample, the subjects ate a regular hospital breakfast. Activity in their usual tasks on an inpatient psychiatric unit was monitored electronically by an activity meter. Levels of each metabolite were not significantly different between days at the respective assay times and were highly correlated for individuals. MHPG showed a significant increase from morning to noon, while HVA showed a significant decrease. Activity, dietary intake of tyrosine and tyramine, blood pressure, pulse, scores on the Profile of Mood States, age, and sex were not related to plasma levels. The results demonstrate that measures of dopamine and norepinephrine metabolites have significant reliability in normal subjects in a setting used for research studies with psychiatric patients.
Plasma theophylline concentrations were determined in 151 Jordanian patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Mean plasma levels after oral administration were below the therapeutic range and significantly lower than after intravenous administration. Plasma levels in patients with congestive heart failure (CHF) were higher than in patients with no CHF. Trough plasma theophylline concentrations after intravenous administration in patients less than 18 years of age were significantly lower than in those aged 18-60 years. The overall results are in agreement with observations made in other ethnic groups.
1. The present study examined if the presence of creatine kinase (CK) inhibitors might explain the large variability in blood levels of CK among subjects after exercise-induced muscle damage. 2. Twenty-four women performed an eccentric exercise with the forearm flexors and were then classified as no CK responders, low CK responders and high CK responders. High CK responders repeated the exercise two weeks later (bout two). 3. Sera from high CK responders were mixed with sera from no CK responders or low CK responders. Also, serum from high CK responders obtained after bout one was mixed with the same subject's serum from after bout two. 4. In all cases, the differences between the expected and observed CK activity for the mixes were within the expected variability for the assay. 5. Although CK inhibitors have been previously observed in sera from patients with muscle injury or disease, we were unable to demonstrate the presence of CK inhibitors in the sera from subjects who showed evidence of exercise-induced muscle damage.
In the light of the existence of controversial reports on the stability of Li ratio, we investigated a group of affective patients wishing to verify intraindividual stability of this parameter in the different phases of the disease, that is normothymia and manic and depressive episodes. We found lower Li ratios for the periods preceding any relapse. Further, we analyzed whether or not some epidemiological factors, such as polarity, sex, actual age, age of onset, might affect interindividual variability of the Li ratio. We found that they did not as single factors. Interaction between polarity and the presence of relapses appeared to significantly affect the Li ratio.
We have employed a thermal clearance probe to study fingertip blood flow, which comprises predominantly arteriovenous anastomotic flow. In non-diabetic subjects there was a marked variability in resting fingertip blood flow which was of similar magnitude to that in diabetic subjects without autonomic neuropathy. In 20 diabetic subjects with increasing severity of autonomic neuropathy there was a reduction of spontaneous variability in flow (r = 0.59, P less than 0.001), which was not related to differences in basal flow, in skin thickness or in age. There was no relationship between maximal flow and severity of autonomic neuropathy (r = 0.08), although basal flow was decreased in subjects with moderate, but not those with severe, autonomic neuropathy (P less than 0.01 and P less than .04 compared with controls). Our failure to find an increase in basal fingertip flow in autonomic neuropathy could imply that spontaneous variability of anastomic flow is lost before increased arteriovenous shunting becomes apparent, but it could result from the indirect heating employed in the study causing vasodilatation in subjects without neuropathy.
Wash-out of 133xenon from a local depot in the subcutaneous adipose tissue in the forefoot was measured continuously during 24 hours on subsequent recordings in 51 feet (normal circulation: 10, intermittent claudication: 22 and ischaemic nocturnal rest pain: 19) with a mean time interval of 26 days (range: 3-90 days). The patients were studied under two different conditions. Firstly, during the day in the erect position, awake (sitting, standing and quiet walking) and secondly, during night hours in the supine position, asleep. The coefficient of variation of nocturnal adipose tissue blood flow was calculated to 10%, and for the ratio of blood flow from day to night to 5%. The method is thus considered apt as a monitor in the treatment of peripheral vascular disease, for example, surgery and medical therapy. As predominant source of error is the formation of oedema.
To assess the biological day-to-day reproducibility of the fatty acid composition in serum lipid fractions in children on their habitual diets, fasting serum specimens were collected from healthy 8- to 9-year-old boys at 2-day (n = 21) or 7-day (n = 19) intervals. Percentage compositions of fatty acids in serum cholesteryl esters (CE), triglycerides (TG), free fatty acids (FFA) and phospholipids (PL) were analyzed by gas chromatography. The reproducibility was estimated by calculating linear correlation coefficients between the values obtained at the two time-points. Generally the correlations were higher in CE and PL than in TG and FFA. In CE the 7-day correlations of major fatty acids were only slightly lower than the 2-day ones. In PL the impairment of correlations was somewhat greater than in CE, but in TG and FFA there was a marked drop in reproducibility from 2- to 7-day intervals. The 2-day correlation coefficients of the percentages of linoleate, dihomo-gamma-linolenate, arachidonate and eicosapentaenoate in CE were 0.95, 0.84, 0.91 and 0.92, respectively. In PL, the respective values were 0.86, 0.82, 0.95 and 0.90. The present results indicate high short-term biological reproducibility of fatty acid composition in serum CE and PL and clearly lower in those of TG and FFA.
Heparin was measured, with respect to standard curves prepared with normal pooled plasma, by five methods (APTT, thrombin time, one and two stage coagulation, anti-factor Xa and chromogenic anti-factor Xa) after addition at three concentrations to plasmaprepared from normal young volunteers, hospitalized patients with malignancy and geriatric patients. By the APTT and TT, differences in sensitivity were observed at 0.4iu heparin/ml corresponding to an apparent difference in heparin level of 10 and 14 fold between high and low responding individuals. Such large differences were not apparent by anti-factor Xa assay. A circadian difference in sensitivity was also observed in the patient group such that in samples taken at night, heparin levels were 30-50% higher on average when measured in the APTT and TT. Again, such large differences were not apparent by anti-factor Xa methods. In light of recent findings about the usefulness of anti-factor Xa methods for efficient monitoring of heparin, it is suggested that this conclusion may arise from the tendency for anti-factor Xa methods to determine actual concentrations of heparin.
Variability of urine sodium (Na), potassium (K) and sodium/potassium (Na/K) excretion was studied in a sample of 50 employed normotensive male health professionals aged 27-50 in Beijing, China. Six 24-h urine specimens were collected from each participant during night-time (12-h) and daytime (12-h) fractions. The estimated ratio of intra- to inter-individual variances was 2.12 for night-time and 1.48 for 24-h urine Na, and 1.85 and 1.54, respectively, for urine K. Based on these values, six night-time and four 24-h urine specimens are necessary to reduce to 15% the diminution of a correlation between urine Na and another physiological variable. The corresponding numbers are five and four, respectively, for urinary K measurement. These data suggest that the ratio of within-person variation to between-person variation in Na excretion is smaller in these Chinese men than in Americans. The dietary Na intake of Chinese men can therefore be characterized with fewer urine specimens than are required for western populations. Night-time urinary Na and K showed good concordance with those from 24-h specimens in distinguishing high or low Na and K intake. These findings indicate that in large-scale epidemiological studies, overnight specimens may be adequate for classifying individuals with regard to Na and K intake.
Urinary N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase (NAG) was determined in infants during the first year of life to clarify its evolutional change and the reliability of this enzyme as a marker of renal tubular damage in the newborn period. During the first 2 weeks of life, there was no difference in the urinary levels between preterm (gestational age of 33-36 weeks) and full-term infants. The urinary NAG index (NAG is expressed as the ratio of the enzyme activity to milligrams of creatinine) during the first month of life was significantly elevated when compared with that of any other succeeding period and gradually decreased during the first year of life. The index in newborn infants on tobramycin was significantly elevated and maintained a higher value during the 5 days after withdrawal of the medication. Infants with asphyxia had a higher urinary NAG index during the first week of life. These data suggest that the urinary NAG index is a useful indicator of renal tubular damage during the newborn period.
Monthly blood samples were collected for more than two years from adult stumptail macaques living in a large captive group. The social organization, feeding pattern, and food composition were stable throughout the study period. No seasonal variability was observed for any of the 30 blood variables studied. It appeared that for each variable, within-animal variance was small relative to between-animal variance. A table of means and reference ranges is presented and discussed.
Twenty-two recurrent calcium stone formers had 24-h urinary oxalate excretions on their home diets which were significantly greater than those of 30 normal subjects (0.48 +/- 0.23 mmol/d; mean +/- SD compared with 0.31 +/- 0.11; P less than 0.01). The stone formers also demonstrated marked day to day variability in oxalate excretion indicating that a single normal urinary oxalate measurement did not exclude significant hyperoxaluria at other times. On a hospital diet containing 1000 mg calcium per day, urinary oxalate excretion fell significantly from 0.48 +/- 0.23 mmol/d to 0.32 +/- 0.12; P less than 0.01. As the urinary calcium excretion in and out of hospital was similar, it seems unlikely that low calcium intake at home was responsible for the hyperoxaluria. All patients had recurrent symptomatic stone disease and had been advised to avoid foods rich in oxalate. Whilst poor compliance is a possible explanation for the variability in oxalate excretion, we believe it is more likely that there is an inadvertent intake of oxalogenic precursors in their diet. As normal subjects do not demonstrate hyperoxaluria on similar home diets, stone formers may have a metabolic defect in the handling of these precursors.
Measurements of human skin capillary blood cell velocity (CBV) were performed by videophotometric capillaroscopy using a crosscorrelation technique. Mean resting (r) CBV in a group of 64 healthy subjects (age 20-82; 33 men) was 0.60 +/- 0.51 (SD) mm/s at a skin temperature of 30.9 +/- 3.2 degrees C. Skin temperature, but not rCBV, was significantly higher in the men. rCBV showed a weak positive correlation with skin temperature with a marked increase of high rCBV values when skin temperature was more than 31 degrees C. During the postocclusive reactive hyperemia (PRH) after a one-minute arterial occlusion, CBV reached a maximal velocity of 1.17 +/- 0.66 mm/s at 7.8 +/- 2.4 s after cuff release. This PRH response was reproducible with regard to peak velocity (pCBV) and the time to pCBV. The percentage increase of CBV during PRH was inversely correlated to skin temperature (r = -0.69). The results of the present study are proposed as a basis for further studies of human skin capillary circulation in health and disease.
Because accurate determination of glycosylated hemoglobin (GHb) is difficult and relatively expensive in comparison with the modest cost and ready availability for tests of fasting plasma glucose (FPG), we examined the reliability of repeated measurements of FPG and GHb in typical diabetic outpatients taken in the usual clinical setting. We determined FPG and GHb concurrently on three separate occasions spanning 4 wk in 41 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and, for contrast, 5 with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Most of the NIDDM subjects were obese, with initial FPG levels ranging from 93 to 355 mg/dl. The reliability of each test was estimated by calculating two measures: the intraclass correlation coefficient (rho I) and the coefficient of variation (CV) for the repeated test values. For NIDDM patients treated with diet or oral hypoglycemic agents (OHA), rho I for FPG, log(FPG), and GHb were very similar. For insulin-treated NIDDM patients, rho I for FPG was somewhat lower than the coefficient in other treatment groups, and the reliability of FPG by this measure did not match the reliability of GHb within the limits of statistical significance. By analyzing the CV of test values repeated within subject, the reliability of FPG did not differ from GHb in any of the NIDDM treatment groups. Although patients were recruited sequentially to minimize sample selection bias, caution must be exercised in the interpretation of the statistical analyses of reliability with either rho I or CV due to limitations imposed by small sample size.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Gas chromatography-high resolution mass spectrometry methods were developed for quantifying nitrosodimethylamine (NDMA) and nitrosoproline (NPRO) in human urine. The limits of quantitation of these methods, which utilize stable isotope analogues of NDMA and NPRO as internal standards, were 5 pg per ml for NDMA and 0.14 ng per ml for NPRO. The assays were used to quantify NDMA and NPRO in urine samples collected 4 times a wk for 5 wk from 24 healthy volunteers. The mean urinary excretion of NDMA during this time was found to be 38.2 ng per day, and the mean urinary excretion of NPRO was found to be 3.26 micrograms per day. Treatment of the volunteers with 600 mg of ascorbic acid and 100 IU of alpha-tocopherol 4 times a day for the final 3 wk of the study did not influence the urinary excretion of NDMA or NPRO. Considerable person-to-person and day-to-day variations were observed for the urinary excretion of both nitrosamines, but the urinary excretion of NDMA was not correlated with the urinary excretion of NPRO. Person-to-person and day-to-day differences in the urinary excretion were greater for NPRO than for NDMA. The mean urinary excretion of NDMA by the 24 subjects was as much as 5-fold higher on some days than on other days, but this was not observed for NPRO. Day-to-day differences in the mean urinary excretion of NDMA were correlated with the concentrations of nitrogen dioxide in the air.
Plasma creatinine (Pcr, mg/dl) is often used to estimate glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in children. To establish whether the clinician can rely on the commonly used methods for measuring Pcr, the authors analyzed data from their own modified Technicon Autoanalyzer reference method and compared them to those obtained simultaneously from a Beckman Astra 8 kinetic Jaffe technique or a Technicon continuous flow Jaffe endpoint SMAC method. The SMAC method consistently overestimated Pcr by 0.1 mg/dl, whereas the kinetic method resulted in a large spread around the reference values. Neither laboratory gave consistent results for Pcr below 0.55, the normal range for infants and young children. The SMAC technique tended to underestimate GFR by 20 to 30 percent, whereas the kinetic method resulted in a great deal of scatter (only 37% of the measurements fell within +/- 25% of the values for GFR obtained by the reference method). The results suggest that the subtraction of 0.1 mg/dl from the Pcr measured on the SMAC system would give a value similar to that obtained with the reference method. This correction would permit the use of an estimate of GFR from kL/Pcr, where L is body length in cm and k is a constant (equalling 0.45 in term infants, 0.55 in children, and 0.7 in adolescent boys). The kinetic method requires repetitive determinations of Pcr before any firm conclusions can be drawn about GFR because of the scatter. The reliability of the clinician's laboratory can be tested by sending half the plasma to the laboratory on one day and the other half the next.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The authors quantified creatine kinase MB (CK-MB) isoenzyme activity and mass in the serum of 81 uremic and 20 nonuremic (control) patients who had no clinical or electrocardiographic evidence of acute myocardial infarction. CK-MB was quantified by three methods: electrophoresis, the QuiCK-MB (International Immunoassay Labs), and the Tandem-E CK-MB (Hybritech, Inc.). The authors then followed all uremic patients for subsequent hospitalization for cardiac disease. Median CK-MB was increased in the serum of the uremic patients as compared with the control patients by all methods. Most uremic patients had CK-MB in serum above the median CK-MB of the control group. Seventeen (21%) uremic patients had CK-MB in serum elevated above the reference range by at least one method. All control patients had CK-MB in the serum within the reference range. Twelve of 81 (15%) uremic patients have subsequently developed acute myocardial infarction (six patients; four died) or angina pectoris (six patients; one died). Eleven patients were specifically hospitalized for cardiac symptoms. One patient had acute myocardial infarction three weeks after renal transplant. With the use of the chi-square test and 2 X 2 contingency tables, patients with CK-MB in serum above 5 U/L by electrophoresis (chi 2 = 5.47; P less than 0.05) or at least 2.9 EU/L by the QuiCK-MB (chi 2 = 6.56; P less than 0.01) appeared to be at increased risk of subsequent hospitalization. The authors conclude that a slight increase of CK-MB in serum is found in most uremic patients. However, CK-MB elevated above reference range in the serum of uremic patients without clinical or electrocardiographic evidence of acute myocardial infarction is not common. When found, elevated CK-MB isoenzyme appears to be associated with an increased risk of subsequent cardiac disease. Therefore, quantification of CK-MB in the serum of uremic patients is more reliable than is implied in the literature.
This study evaluates the variability of a quantitative Doppler echocardiographic method for blood flow calculation at the mitral and tricuspid orifice. Four subjects underwent 2-dimensional Doppler echocardiography during normal respiration and nonrespiration. Doppler recordings were integrated to determine mean temporal velocity (MTV) for each cardiac cycle separately. MTV during inspiration and expiration were compared, as were MTVs of 20 consecutive cycles during nonrespiration. Diameters of mitral and tricuspid orifice and interception angles were measured in 10 consecutive cycles at 4 predetermined moments. All results were averaged to a mean subject situation. MTVs were significantly (p less than 0.001) higher during expiration than during inspiration (12.4 and 11.0 cm-2) for the mitral orifice and lower (9.2 and 11.0 cm-2) for the tricuspid orifice. MTV at both orifices showed a significantly smaller variability (7.7% and 9.0%) during nonrespiration than during respiration (14.5% and 13.2%). Diameters of mitral orifice and tricuspid orifice were significantly (p less than 0.001) larger during diastole than during systole whereas standard error of the mean for both was 5.0%. Interception angles measured at mitral orifice are all close to 0 degrees and show minimal variability, while at the tricuspid orifice the angle varied from 15 degrees in diastole to 25.5 degrees in systole, constituting a significant difference in cosine (0.96 to 0.90).
Fasting plasma glucose measurements made in 1972-1977 on normoglycemic individuals in three-generation Caucasian pedigrees from Rochester, Minnesota were analyzed. The authors determined the contributions of polygenic loci and environmental factors to fasting plasma glucose variability in these pedigrees. To that end, fasting plasma glucose measurements were normalized by an inverse normal scores transformation and then regressed separately for males and females on measured concomitants including age, body mass index (weight/height2), season of measurement, sex hormone use, and diuretic use. The authors found that 27.7% of the variability in normalized fasting plasma glucose in these pedigrees is explained by these measured concomitants. Subsequent variance components analysis suggested that unmeasured polygenic loci and unmeasured shared environmental factors together account for at least an additional 36.7% of the variability in normalized fasting plasma glucose, with genes alone accounting for at least 27.3%. These results are consistent with the known familiality of diabetes, for which fasting plasma glucose level is an important predictor. Further, these familial factors provide an explanation for at least half the variability in normalized fasting plasma glucose which remains after regression on known concomitants.
Recently a new generation of urinary pregnancy tests with increased sensitivity and specificity for beta-human chorionic gonadotropin (beta-HCG) was introduced. The clinical sensitivity of seven of these tests was evaluated in patients with surgically proven ectopic pregnancy. Two enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (Tandem Visual, Hybritech; Mod C1, Monoclonal Antibodies), with a sensitivity of 50 mIU of beta-HCG, were positive in 90% of ectopic pregnancies. The three-tube tests (Sensitex, Roche; UCG Beta Stat, Wampole; beta-Neocept, Organon), with a sensitivity of 150-250 mIU of beta-HCG, were positive in 81-85% of ectopic pregnancies. Two slide tests (UCG Beta Slide, Wampole, and Sensislide, Roche), with a sensitivity of 500-800 mIU of beta-HCG, were positive in 51-61% of ectopic pregnancies. Both the immunosorbent assays and the tube tests were statistically more sensitive than the slide tests (P less than .001). There was no statistically significant increase in sensitivity between the tube tests and the immunosorbent assays. The sensitivities of these tube tests in ectopic pregnancy are similar to those of tube tests from other manufacturers previously reported on.
Decreased urinary kallikrein (UK) output has been suggested as a preclinical indicator of essential hypertension. In preparation for UK studies in hypertension prone Utah kindreds, we assessed selected UK assay parameters and physiological variability. Precision for the colorimetric kallikrein assay was quite acceptable, coefficient of variation (CV) less than 5% within run and 14% day-to-day at a concentration of 9.5 TU/l. The mean recovery was 105% and assay results were correlated with results from the 3H-TAME esterase method, r = 0.990. Urine specimens were stable at room temperature for up to 4 days, frozen at -20 degrees C for 6 weeks, or frozen at -80 degrees C after Sephadex treatment for a year. UK output varied significantly throughout the day with excretion highest in the morning. Urine collections at 10.00, 12.00 and 14.00 had significantly (p less than 0.05) more UK than the overnight collection. Intra- and inter-individual variations were of the same magnitude, mean 20%. In children UK output increased with age until the adult levels were reached at age 15. Male and female values were similar. Smoking; consumption of alcohol, coffee, tea, cola of chocolate; and female hormone medications did not significantly influence the 12-hour UK output in the 1110 caucasian subjects.
To find out whether the variable response of serum cholesterol levels to changes in cholesterol intake in man is due to constitutional differences in responsiveness, we have reinvestigated in 1982 34 healthy men and women, who habitually consumed at least 1 egg/day and had participated in a trial in 1976. Serum cholesterol was measured on the habitual diet (about 800 mg cholesterol/day), and after 3 weeks during which no eggs or egg-containing products were consumed (about 300 mg cholesterol/day). Serum cholesterol decreased by 0.16 +/- 0.42 mmol/1 (6 +/- 16 mg/dl) in 1976 and by 0.31 +/- 0.35 mmol/l (12 +/- 14 mg/dl) in 1982 (mean +/- SD). Individual responses varied from -1.0 to +0.5 mmol/l (-39 to +19 mg/dl). The correlation between the responses in 1976 and 1982 was r = 0.32 (P less than 0.05). The decrease in serum cholesterol was most pronounced for subjects with a low body mass index and a high level of HDL-cholesterol. In men, the increase in serum cholesterol with age was correlated with the mean decrease in the trials (r = 0.42, n = 16, P = 0.11). In a controlled trial, 4 hypo- and 2 hyperresponders were given 11 mg cholesterol/MJ (11 mg/240 kcal; 116 mg/day) for 4 weeks followed by 72 mg/MJ for another 4 weeks; all other nutrients were kept constant. Almost all food was supplied and intakes were rigidly controlled. The 2 hyperresponders and 3 of the 4 hyporesponders were also hyper- and hyporesponsive under the controlled conditions. We conclude that part of the cholesterolemic response to dietary cholesterol in man is individually determined and stable for at least 6 years.
The effects of dietary cholesterol on plasma cholesterol levels, its distribution among lipoproteins, and apoproteins of high-density lipoprotein subclasses in individuals who did and did not demonstrate response in plasma cholesterol levels were studied in 21 healthy middle-aged men for 3 mo. After consumption of 3 eggs/day in addition to their habitual diets for 28 days, 21 subjects were divided into 8 hyper- and 13 hypo-responders. The average plasma cholesterol level of the 21 subjects was changed from 188 +/- 36 to 199 +/- 36 mg/100 ml over the 28-day classification period. During the same period the mean plasma cholesterol level of the hyper-responders was significantly increased (p less than 0.025) from 170 +/- 41 to 199 +/- 29 mg/100 ml while that of the hypo-responders fell slightly. The addition of six eggs to the daily diet of the hypo-responders did not alter the mean plasma cholesterol level but resulted in a wide difference in response of plasma cholesterol concentration. The 13 hypo-responders were divided into hypo-hyper-responders (n = 6) and hypo-hypo-responders (n = 7) depending upon the degree of change in plasma cholesterol level. The present study illustrated the variabilities of plasma cholesterol level among free-living subjects who demonstrated two-stage thresholds of response to dietary intake of cholesterol.
Measurements of blood flow by three different makes of thermodilution cardiac output computer in an artificial circulation were analysed by linear regression against absolute flow measured by timed blood volume collection. For each computer the horizontal distance between the 95% confidence limits for a single prediction was calculated at a standard flow rate of 5 litres per minute. This measurement represents the range of flow rates that could give rise to an identical measurement and provides a summary of the reproducibility of the computer's results and its ability to detect a change of flow rate. This measurement was used to evaluate the effect on each computer's performance of pulsatile or continuous flow, injectate volume, and injectate temperature. With continuous flow the optimum results were 1.8, 0.85, and 0.85 litres per minute and with pulsatile flow they were 1.3, 1.05, and 1.65 litres per minute. There was generally a deterioration in performance when pulsatile flow was evaluated. Under the conditions of the experiment optimum performance in both flow modes was obtained with 5 ml of ice cold injectate, but these findings cannot necessarily be extrapolated to the clinical situation. With pulsatile flow the overall range of blood flows that could give rise to identical measurements were for each computer 2.0, 1.5, and 3.1 litres per minute, corresponding to 40, 30, and 62% changes of the standard flow rate of 5 litres per minute.
The purpose of this study was to test the reproducibility of plasma norepinephrine (NE) and epinephrine (E) concentrations, at rest and during exercise, in man. Twelve young men were evaluated on two occasions (one week apart) at rest in supine and sitting positions and during dynamic exercise on bicycle ergometer: 5 min at a low intensity workload (heart rate = 131-133 bt min-1) and 5 and 20 min at a higher intensity (174-175 bt min-1). Mean plasma NE and E concentrations were not significantly different (p less than 0.05) on the two occasions in any of the experimental situations. However large within-subject variations were present, and the "standard errors of a single measurement" corrected for the variability of the catecholamine assay, ranged from 14 to 50% for NE and 14 to 37% for E. These results indicate that the mean plasma NE and E concentrations observed in a group of subjects are reproducible from one week to the other, but that individual plasma NE and E concentrations are not. This lack of reliability of a single determination of plasma catecholamine concentrations might be due to cyclic variations of plasma NE and E concentrations over time.
The anaphylatoxins have been implicated in the pathogenesis of endotoxin shock and the adult respiratory distress syndrome. Both endotoxin and zymosan activate the complement pathway. Because there are marked species differences in the cardiovascular and hematologic effects of endotoxin infusion, the purpose of this study was to compare the effects of zymosan-activated plasma (ZAP) infusion in dogs, sheep, and baboons. ZAP was infused (0.11 ml/kg/min for 60 min) into dogs (n = 5), baboons (n = 5), and sheep (n = 3). The infusion of ZAP resulted in significant changes in heart rate (HR) (P less than 0.03), mean arterial pressure (MAP) (P less than 0.002), pulmonary artery pressure (PAP) (P less than 0.004), cardiac index (CI) (P less than 0.034), and extra vascular lung water (EVLW) (P less than 0.001). A specific difference between the species' response to ZAP infusion was present when evaluating the effect of ZAP on MAP (P less than 0.02), HR (P less than 0.003). EVLW (P less than 0.001), platelet count (P less than 0.01), and white blood cell count (P less than 0.01). The main species differences in the changes in MAP, HR, and platelet count were an increase in MAP, decrease in HR, and decrease in platelet count that occurred in dogs. The species difference in the WBC count was the result of ZAP-induced neutropenia in sheep versus a leukocytosis in dogs. Unlike dogs and baboons, sheep developed an increase in EVLW. Like endotoxin, the cardiovascular and hematologic effects of ZAP infusion are species dependent.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
It was the aim of this study to evaluate critically the value of history in patients complaining of urinary stress incontinence. Diagnosis was established mainly by radiologic and cystomanometric assessment. History included 21 symptoms subdivided into various items. Only 3 symptoms were proven significant in distinguishing between various diagnostic groups. Assessment of stress incontinence should be regarded as incomplete without other means of evaluation in addition to history.
Comparative reliability of D-xylose absorption and serum beta-carotene measurements was studied in 63 healthy and sick children suspected of having proximal small intestinal disease. Group 1 included children with newly diagnosed celiac disease (CD) who were on a normal diet (xylose, n = 46; carotene, n = 43); group 2 included children with CD in remission (xylose, n = 17; carotene, n = 15); group 3 included children with CD in remission, but who were exposed to a gluten-containing diet for an average of 1.4 years (xylose, n = 19; carotene, n = 17); and group 4 included 17 healthy children, insofar as this study is concerned, in whom serum carotene was examined. The means of serum xylose of groups 1 and 3 were significantly lower than the mean of group 2 (p less than 0.001 in both cases). D-Xylose had a sensitivity of 76.9% and a specificity of 100%. The mean serum carotene concentration for group 2 patients with CD in remission was equal to the mean of group 4, which included healthy children. The means of groups 1 and 3 were significantly lower than the means of groups 2 and 4 (p less than 0.001 in all cases). Serum beta-carotene had a sensitivity of 95% and a specificity of 87.5%. The use of these two serum tests in combination would give a specificity of 100% and a sensitivity of 94.1%.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
To assess prospectively the predictability of therapeutic dosage based on tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) concentrations after a single dose, 30 subjects were given amitriptyline. In the first 11 subjects maintained on a fixed amitriptyline dose regimen, predictive capacities of 18- and 24-hr single-dose levels were assessed and confirmed in relation to steady-state levels. For the other 19 subjects, the dose that would achieve a therapeutic steady-state concentration of 200 ng/ml was predicted from the 18-hr single-dose level and was rapidly instituted. Subjects achieved a mean steady-state TCA level of 204 ng/ml, with approximately 90% of the levels falling within the therapeutic range. There was clinical improvement within 2 wk in 84% of the subjects. Our results suggest that dose prediction based on TCA levels after a single dose is reliable and useful.
The values of biological indicators used in biological monitoring are usually determined on spot samples of urine. In order to reduce the variations due to dilution, it is common practice to correct the values according to reference parameters, such as urinary creatinine concentration and specific gravity. The aim of the present study was to verify whether creatinine possesses the necessary characteristics for adjustment. The levels of creatinine were not influenced by diuresis, but, contrary to what was expected, the values of the metabolite showed marked intra- and interindividual variations. These data raise serious doubts as to the validity of creatinine as a parameter that can be used for adjustment purposes, and suggest that it would be advisable to ascertain for each biological indicator whether in fact adjustment is of any use. Lastly, since there was only a slight correlation between creatinine levels and specific gravity values, it is concluded that these two parameters cannot be used indifferently for adjustment.
Plasma oxprenolol concentrations were measured in six young healthy female volunteers after single oral dosing with a 16/260 oxprenolol Oros system on three separate occasions. Reproducibility was assessed by comparing individual plasma profiles, areas under the curve, peak concentrations and times to peak. Plasma concentration-time profiles were consistent with an extended duration of drug release from the Oros system. Individual and mean profiles on the three occasions were similar, and no significant differences in mean plasma levels, or derived pharmacokinetic parameters, were detected. The mean amount of drug in eight systems recovered from faeces corresponded to 11% of the dose. Individual amounts were related to the total transit time of the system through the body. The 16/260 Oros system functioned reproducibly within the gastrointestinal tract, and in vivo absorption mirrored in vitro drug release.
We examined the variability of lipid and lipoprotein concentrations in plasma from a population sample from the Jerusalem Lipid Research Clinic study. Coefficients of variation of about 8% for plasma cholesterol, 11% to 15% for low- and high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol, and about 30% for triglyceride were reported, both for 17-year-olds and adults examined twice, with a median period of two months between measurements. Stability was similar in a subsample of adults who had an additional measurement a median of 28 months later. Within-assay analytical variation (CV) was 1.9-2.0% for cholesterol, 1.5-2.3% for triglyceride, and 4.5% for high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol. Between-assay variation was 3-5% for cholesterol and triglyceride and 10% for high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol. The lower stability of the lipoprotein fractions of cholesterol than of total cholesterol emphasizes the need for repeated measurements of these fractions for more accurate characterization of subjects, especially those with extreme values, both for clinical use and for predicting outcome in follow-up studies.
There is no one standard pattern of the blood supply of the optic nerve head in all human eyes. There is a marked inter-individual variation in the blood supply of the optic nerve head, and the various factors which produce this include variations in (I) the anatomical pattern of blood supply, (II) the pattern of posterior ciliary artery (PCA) circulation (the main source of blood supply to the optic nerve head), and (III) the blood flow. The variations in the pattern of PCA circulation include the variations in (a) number of PCAs supplying an eye, (b) area of supply to the optic nerve head by each PCA, (c) location of the watershed zones between the various PCAs in relation to the optic nerve head, and (d) blood pressure in various PCAs as well as short PCAs. The variations in the blood flow in the optic nerve head can be produced by changes in (i) the intraocular pressure, (ii) mean blood pressure in the capillaries of the optic nerve head and (iii) peripheral vascular resistance. These variations are discussed in detail. A lack of appreciation of these complexities of the blood supply of the optic nerve head in health and disease is responsible for many of the current problems in the understanding of the role of vascular disturbances in anterior ischemic optic neuropathy, glaucoma, low-tension glaucoma and various ischemic disorders of the optic nerve head.
Fluorescein penetration into the posterior vitreous depends on plasma-free fluorescein concentration and blood-retinal barrier (BRB) permeability. The reproducibility of two methods of deriving BRB permeability was studied in 19 normal eyes of 14 subjects using vitreous fluorophotometry on two separate occasions. Plasma-free fluorescence was measured at intervals over 1 hr and posterior vitreous fluorescence was measured before (background scan), within 6 min (bolus) and at 60 min (measurement) after intravenous fluorescein (14 mg X kg-1). A computer algorithm subtracted background fluorescence from the measurement scan which was then corrected for signal spread by using a "spread" function derived from the bolus scan. BRB permeability coefficient and vitreous diffusion coefficients were derived by fitting a mathematical model to the plasma and corrected vitreous fluorescence data. A permeability index was also calculated by dividing the area under the vitreous fluorescence by the area under the plasma fluorescence curve. There were no significant differences in the results between right and left eyes. Mean +/- SD values on first and second occasions for all eyes were permeability coefficient: (1.91 +/- 0.94) and (2.08 +/- 0.95) X 10(-7) cm X s-1; diffusion coefficient: (1.33 +/- 0.68) and (1.19 +/- 0.54) X 10(-5) cm2 X s-1; and permeability index: (2.05 +/- 1.03) and (2.11 +/- 1.02) X 10(-7) cm X s-1.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
A radioimmunoassay (RIA) of progesterone in urine is described. After the addition of labelled progesterone, morning urine was extracted with n-hexane adn the residue was either directly subjected to RIA, or chromatographed on celite prior to RIA. The progesterone from celite chromatography was radiochemically pure. RIA after chromatography was therefore considered valid. The non-chromatographed procedure resulted in overestimations, the degree of which was inversely proportional to progesterone content. The results obtained by the two procedures were well correlated (r = 0.88 and 0.93, for 2 different groups of samples.
Equations were derived to simulate the course of plasma drug concentration versus time curves for a multiple dosing regimen of drugs with a long biological half-life in those cases when Vrel and t1/2 or k in a particular subject do not correspond to the average values underlying the calculation of a standard dose. Extreme course can be expected only when Vrel and t1/2 show deviation from the average values in the opposite direction. Thus, smaller Vrel and longer t1/2 result in an increase, greater Vrel and shorter t1/2 in a decrease in plasma drug concentration after giving the standard dose. An analysis of the course of plasma drug concentration curves at the loading phase permits the estimation of the actual t1/2 in the particular subject. As an application example, the loading phase of digitoxin is presented. The procedure allows an individual dosage adjustment on the condition that plasma drug concentration in the particular subject can be monitored regularly.
A retrospective study was done to explore the reliability of urinary cytologic examination of 117 cases of transitional cell carcinoma seen at this institution for the period 1980 to 1984. A specificity of 99%, sensitivity of 85%, false-positive rate of 11%, and false-negative rate of 10% were obtained. A single blind review of cytologic and histologic material from 66 of the cases was also performed for evaluation of the cytologic criteria employed for the grading of tumors. Cytohistologic correlation of grade I lesions was poor, whereas correlation of grades II and III was reasonably good. Carcinoma in situ was cytologically recognized in all instances but was difficult to distinguish from grade III carcinoma.
Injection of plasma from a vitamin K-deficient hypoprothrombinemic rat into a normal rat causes an increase in plasma prothrombin activity in the recipient rat. Maximum concentrations of the factor responsible for this response (coagulopoietin) are present in the plasma of rats fed a vitamin K-deficient diet for 7 days and do not increase as the period of deficiency is increased. The coagulopoietin activity of plasma from individual rats is variable, but similar activity was observed when multiple recipient rats received the same donor plasma.
The derived pharmacokinetic data for the intravenous administration of fentanyl obtained from seven previous studies were compared using computer simulation of predicted plasma concentrations following three intravenous dosage regimens. There was wide discrepancy between the reported calculated pharmacokinetic constants from the various studies, such that the volume of distribution ranged from 4.4 to 59.7 litres, estimates of terminal elimination half-life ranged from 141 to 853 minutes while total body clearance values ranged from 160 to 1530 ml/minute. The differences in predicted plasma concentrations were marked. The peak concentration following a bolus of 500 micrograms ranged from 8.4-113.6 ng/ml and took from 2.9 to 18.9 hours to fall to 0.5 ng/ml. The steady state plasma concentration reached with an infusion of 0.3 microgram/kg/minute varied from 12.2-119.9 ng/ml and the plateau level attained with a two-rate infusion (2.7 micrograms/kg/minute for 20 minutes then 0.3 micrograms/kg/minute) ranged from 10.6-50.8 ng/ml. The aim of descriptive pharmacokinetics is to allow the clinician to predict the plasma concentration achieved by a given dose and to facilitate dosage choice and adjustment. Recent interest has centred on the use of pharmacokinetics to calculate continuous intravenous infusion dosage regimens. The clinical application of current pharmacokinetic data for fentanyl is questionable.
The acute effects of running a 42.2 km marathon race on the concentration and composition of the plasma lipoproteins were studied in 56 men of varying fitness, training experience, age and physical characteristics. There was no change in the mean concentration of total serum cholesterol, but a 10.9% increase (P less than 0.001) in the mean concentrations of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-TC), representing an 11.1% increase (P less than 0.001) in the cholesteryl ester (CE) and 9.9% increase (P less than 0.001) in the unesterified cholesterol (UC) moieties of HDL. The ratio of total serum cholesterol to HDL-TC decreased significantly (P less than 0.001) during the exercise. Changes in lipoprotein concentrations during the marathon varied considerably between individual subjects, with a small proportion of subjects exhibiting relatively large increases or decreases in HDL-TC, HDL-CE and HDL-UC. Small sub-populations of runners were identified who showed abnormally large decreases in HDL-UC and abnormally small increases in HDL-CE relative to HDL-UC. A correlation (P less than 0.05) was found between the average weekly mileage of training and the increase in HDL-TC, whilst faster runners (finishing time less than 3 h; n = 13) had a significantly greater (P less than 0.02) increase in HDL-TC than slower runners (greater than 4 h; n = 14).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
A modified collimator and standard gamma camera have been used to measure regional cerebral blood flow following inhalation of radioactive xenon. The collimator and a simplified analysis technique enables excellent statistical accuracy to be achieved with acceptable precision in the measurement of grey matter blood flow. The validity of the analysis was supported by computer modelling and patient measurements. Sixty-one patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage, cerebrovascular disease or dementia were retested to determine the reproducibility of our method. The measured coefficient of variation was 6.5%. Of forty-six patients who had a proven subarachnoid haemorrhage, 15 subsequently developed cerebral ischaemia. These showed a CBF of 42 +/- 6 ml X minute-1 X 100 g brain-1 compared with 49 +/- 11 ml X minute-1 X 100 g brain-1 for the remainder. There is evidence that decreasing blood flow and low initial flow correlate with the subsequent onset of cerebral ischaemia.
1 Changes in hepatic blood flow have been estimated by measurement of single-dose indocyanine green kinetics in groups of healthy individuals. 2 The effects of change in posture, exercise and ingestion of milk on estimated hepatic blood flow have been assessed. 3 The erect posture and exercise significantly decreased ICG clearance. However, no consistent change was noted after ingestion of milk. 4 The effects of the adrenoceptor blocking drugs phenoxybenzamine, propranolol and labetalol on hepatic blood flow were also assessed. 5 Propranolol and labetalol caused a significant fall in ICG clearance in the supine position. Phenoxybenzamine did not show a consistent change. 6 Posture, exercise and adrenoceptor blockade appear to be important variables affecting hepatic blood flow. They should be considered when kinetics of high-clearance drugs are measured, and may provide a useful model for the assessment of the effects of alterations in hepatic blood flow on the clearance of drugs.
In this investigation the membrane-perturbing effect of filipin, a polyene antibiotic which reacts specifically with cholesterol or cholesterol-like compounds in cell membranes, has been exploited to study the distribution of coated pits in cultured human skin fibroblasts. The coated pits, showing no filipin-cholesterol complexes, occurred singly or in clusters without apparent localization of either type to a particular region of the fibroblast membrane. Colloidal gold, conjugated to low-density lipoprotein, has proven to be an excellent marker, allowing the localization of low-density lipoprotein receptors on the surface of cultured cells. A pattern similar to that for the coated pits in the plasma membrane fracture faces was observed in the distribution of gold-low-density lipoprotein conjugates in surface replicas, indicating that the low-density lipoprotein receptors are associated with these coated pits. It was shown that there is an apparent heterogeneity in the distribution of low-density lipoprotein receptors, from cell to cell and even among different areas of the same cell membrane. The binding capacity for gold-low-density lipoprotein complexes, as represented by the extent of surface labeling, was directly related to the cell variety within the culture or to the particular experimental procedure. The observation of differences in the distribution of gold-low-density lipoprotein conjugates, even among adjacent coated pits, provides evidence for various stages of activity of the low-density lipoprotein receptors corresponding to incorporation, mobility, and internalization.
The oxidative metabolism of bufuralol is under the same genetic control as that of debrisoquine and sparteine. 154 fasting volunteers received a 30 mg tablet of bufuralol and a blood sample was taken 3 h later. In poor metabolizers (8% of the sample) the plasma bufuralol concentrations were very high and the metabolite concentrations were low. The genetic oxidative status is a major source of interindividual variation in the plasma concentration of drugs that undergo oxidative metabolism.
Eleven male chronic schizophrenics were given, serially, oral pimozide, fluphenazine, and flupenthixol; the two latter were also given intramuscularly as decanoates in oil. Oral haloperidol was given before and after each drug. Analysis of variance of steady state plasma levels of the different neuroleptics showed considerable within-individual variation in such levels, probably due to differences in absorption and metabolism and between routes of administration. The findings suggest that if a patient fails to respond to one neuroleptic, there may be good pharmacokinetic reasons for switching him to another belonging to a different group, or for giving the same neuroleptic by a different route of administration. The study also showed that previous administration of one neurololeptic may influence the steady state level of another. The various neuroleptics produced different effects on plasma prolactin levels.
The intra-individual variations in serum concentrations of alpha 1-antitrypsin, albumin and alpha 2-macroglobulin were determined using high precision analytical methods. The long-term (3 months) variations were 8.2% for alpha 1-antitrypsin and 2.9% for alpha 2-macroglobulin in five males and five females. The coefficients of variation for albumin were 1.5 and 3.4% for males and females, respectively. In males the long-term variations of albumin and alpha 2-macroglobulin were highly correlated. The short-term (2 days) intra-individual variations in six males were 2.5, 3.8 and 3.4% for alpha 1-antitrypsin, albumin and alpha 2-macroglobulin respectively (coefficients of variation). A diurnal variation was found for albumin with maximal concentrations at 18.00 hours. At 6.00 and 10.00 hours the fractional concentrations of alpha 1-antitrypsin and albumin were lower than for alpha 2-macroglobulin. The variations of the three proteins were positively correlated.
1. Heterozygotes TfF/TfE of voles did not differ in body weight, they had higher hematocrit value (males and females), higher beta-globulin fraction (males) or higher gamma-globulin fraction (females). 2. A smaller variability of parameters studied was observed in heterozygotes than in homozygotes. Small and similar variability occurred in hematocrit value and beta-globulins while higher variability occurred in body weight and gamma-globulins. 3. In common voles the faster migrating E system of transferrin may have a higher capacity for iron transport than the F system. 4. Seasonal changes of hematocrit value in vole populations seems to result from genetical and physiological variability. 5. Sexual and seasonal changes in beta-globulin level appear to be related to changes in sexual activity of the animals during the seasons. 6. In autumn, low weight of animals and high serum gamma-globulin level, with the same physiological variability of these two parameters, suggest the synthesis of gamma-globulins with tissue (muscle) proteins. 7. Autumnal increase of gamma-globulin level seems to be very important, taking into consideration the role of the protein in water retention and its filtration from the tissues. Very high level of the protein fraction may play a role in winter high mortality of voles.
A study of isoamylase in serum from 53 patients with Sjgren's syndrome demonstrated that the levels of both pancreatic type and salivary type amylases remain within reference value limits in most cases. However, abnormal low or high values for pancreatic type amylases were seen more frequently than in the control groups. The intra-individual variation in concentration levels of both isoenzymes among patients with Sjgren's syndrome were significantly greater than in the control groups. These observations are interpreted as signs of subclinical lesions of the pancreas and the salivary glands occurring during the course of the disease. Sjgren's syndrome should be borne in mind and sought in cases of unexplained hypo- or hyperisoamylasemias.
Interstitial fluid was collected from human aortic intima and the low density lipoprotein (LDL) was compared with serum LDL by two-dimensional immunoelectrophoresis. In half the samples derived from normal intima the migration rate was within +/- 10% of migration of LDL in serum, but in the remaining samples it was higher, indicating an increase in net negative charge on the molecule. By contrast, in most samples of interstitial fluid from gelatinous thickenings the migration rate of LDL was lower than in serum, indicating reduction in net negative charge. To test for the effect of different electrolyte concentrations in interstitial fluid and serum, migration of alpha 2-macroglobulin (alpha 2-M) was measured simultaneously in both. This showed no significant difference between interstitial fluid and serum, and varied by less than 2% between different serum samples. However, the mobility of LDL relative to alpha 2-M showed a remarkable variation, ranging from 80.9 to 127.1% of alpha 2-M mobility in interstitial fluid and from 58.6 to 115.9% in 23 serum samples. In serum, LDL relative mobility showed no correlation with general acid-base status, as indicated by serum bicarbonate levels, with fatty meals or diabetic keto-acidosis, or with extent of glycosylation of haemoglobin. This suggested that the variation in surface charge is intrinsic to the molecule and not a transient reflection of the plasma environment. Experimental alterations in the surface charge of LDL change its interaction with smooth muscle cells and macrophages in vitro, and its mitogenic properties. This raises the possibility that physiological variation in the surface charge of LDL in different subjects could alter its atherogenic potential.
Doppler aortic flow velocity measurements have been used to assess quantitatively left ventricular performance at rest and after pharmacologic and other hemodynamic interventions. To permit more meaningful interpretation of Doppler data, 10 normal subjects were studied to establish the intraobserver, interobserver and day-to-day variability in Doppler aortic flow velocity measurements. In each subject, pulsed Doppler recordings of ascending aortic flow velocity were obtained from the suprasternal notch on 2 different days (mean interval 6 days), with the same technician performing and same physician reading both Doppler studies to evaluate day-to-day variability of measurements. Interobserver variability was assessed by having 2 observers read each Doppler study. Both observers read the Doppler records from both days again at a second session to determine intraobserver variability. Intraobserver variability ranged from 1.9 +/- 1.8 to 3.2 +/- 2.9% for ejection time, peak flow velocity and flow velocity integral, but was higher for acceleration time (7.9 +/- 6.6%). Interobserver variability ranged from 3.5 +/- 2.2 to 5.4 + 3.4% for peak flow velocity, ejection time and flow velocity integral, but was notably higher for acceleration time (17 +/- 9%). Day-to-day variability was higher for acceleration time (7.0 +/- 5.2%) than for ejection time, peak flow velocity and flow velocity integral (range from 3.6 +/- 3.1 to 5.2 +/- 4.0%).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Heritability of plasma alkaline phosphatase and 5'-nucleotidase enzyme activities at 20, 35 and 50 weeks of age ranged from 0.047 to 0.275. Genetic and phenotypic correlations among enzyme activities at the three ages were positive and high. Genetic correlations of enzyme activities with production traits indicated that the bird having higher activities of these enzyme will grow faster, mature earlier and produce heavier but fewer eggs.
The profiles of blood glucose and of insulin dosage were compared between the first and second of 2 consecutive days of Biostator administration under constant conditions in 12 brittle type I diabetic inpatients. All blood glucose criteria and the daily insulin doses were reproducible between these 2 days for the entire group of patients. In nearly all patients, however, there were distinct but unsystematic differences between the 2 days in the diurnal patterns of insulin dose distribution. These differences could be ascribed to some stress reaction or inherent metabolic lability. It is concluded that, in these extremely labile diabetic patients, due to the insufficient short-term reproducibility of the outcome of an extracorporal artificial beta-cell, caution must be used when constant profiles are to be predicted from these doses for open-loop insulin delivery systems or for conventional subcutaneous injection therapy.
Symptoms and blood glucose levels were recorded by 23 insulin-dependent diabetics during three separate intervals. Each interval spanned 7-10 days, involving 40 symptom-blood glucose recordings. Each symptom's ratings were correlated with their respective blood glucose recording to yield a separate symptom-blood glucose correlation for each interval. These separate symptom-blood glucose relationships were themselves correlated across the three intervals to assess the temporal stability of the symptom-blood glucose relationships. Reliability was found to be variable. Possible explanations for this variability are discussed.
Twenty-three patients were studied to assess the reliability of carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) levels in following the course of colorectal cancer. CEA estimations were made prior to surgery and again postoperatively. The resected specimens were allocated a Dukes' Stage and histological grading (well, moderate or poorly differentiated). In addition, sections were stained for the presence of CEA by an immunoperoxidase method. Of the 23 patients, twelve had either disseminated disease at initial surgery or subsequently developed metastasis/recurrence. Eleven remain disease-free at a minimum follow-up of one year. In all of these the reliability of plasma CEA values in reflecting the disease status has been assessed. No false positive elevations of CEA were found. Three factors emerge as positive predictors of CEA estimation reliability: pre-operative CEA elevation; tumour grading as well differentiated; dark staining for the presence of CEA. These factors identified 15 of the 18 patients (83%) in whom CEA appeared reliable and were not present in any of the five patients where CEA was not reliable. This reliability achieves statistical significance (X2 = 8.5, p less than 0.02). Histological demonstration of CEA may contribute to the reliability placed on plasma CEA estimations and should be considered if serial estimations are to be performed.
Nineteen patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus were evaluated for overall reliability of self-generated data from capillary blood glucose monitoring. For a period of 12 to 14 days, standard reflectance meters used by these subjects were replaced by meters internally modified with memory chips capable of storing all glucose readings by date and time. The subjects were not aware of this modification and were instructed to continue to test capillary blood glucose as they had been and to continue their practice of recording the meter readings in a logbook. To assess reliability of patient-generated data as recorded in the logbook, the addition, deletion, and alteration of test results were determined. A significantly lower (p less than 0.0001) mean blood glucose level was reported in the logbooks than recorded in the memory reflectance meters. Differences in logbooks and memory reflectance meters ranged from 0 to 109 mg/dl. Three fourths of the subjects had reported lower than actual mean blood glucose values. Under-reporting, or omission of memory reflectance meter readings, averaged 10 percent, whereas over-reporting or addition of phantom values averaged 40 percent. An average of 26 percent of the logbook entries were not identical to memory reflectance meter values determined at the corresponding time. Two thirds of the subjects had reported values in such a manner as to obscure hyper- and hypoglycemia, leading to misleading clinical impressions about the fluctuation in metabolic control. Previous glycemic control, patterns of logbook recording, or visits to the clinic were not found to be predictive of the reliability of patient self-monitoring regimens.
Lipogenesis from glucose and lipoprotein lipase activity were investigated in humans. The reliability of measurements was quantified and correlations with fat cell weight were assessed. Twenty-four subjects (7 women, 17 men) were studied twice within a 2-week period, along with 17 additional male subjects who were studied once and used only in the correlation analyses. All subjects were not regularly involved in an exercise-training program and were between 18 and 30 years of age. Following an overnight fast, adipose tissue specimens were obtained by suprailiac biopsy and fat cells were collagenase isolated. Mean fat cell weight was obtained from 400 to 500 cell diameter determinations per subject. Basal and insulin-stimulated fat cell lipogenesis from glucose were determined using D-[U-14C]glucose and were reported in nanomoles of glucose per hour per 10(6) cells. Adipose tissue heparin-releasable lipoprotein lipase activity was also determined and expressed in micromoles of free fatty acids per hour per gram of tissue and per 10(6) cells. Fat cell weight, basal and insulin-stimulated lipogenesis and lipoprotein lipase activity per gram showed high reliability of measurement, interclass and intraclass coefficients being 0.83 and over. Lipoprotein lipase activity per 10(6) cells showed a somewhat lower degree of reliability, interclass and intraclass coefficients being, respectively, 0.69 and 0.81. On the other hand, fat cell weight was positively correlated with lipoprotein lipase activity (r = 0.80), while no significant correlation was observed between basal lipogenesis and fat cell weight. Moreover, basal lipogenesis presented no significant correlation with lipoprotein lipase activity.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
We tested the reproducibility of consecutive measurements of regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) made in 13 areas of each hemisphere in patients with cerebrovascular diseases by the atraumatic 133Xe intravenous injection method. The data were analysed by a two-compartment model similar to that used in the Obrist inhalation method. Four parameters derived from the model were tested: Fg (flow of the fast-clearing compartment), FF and W (respectively fractional flow and relative tissue weight of the same compartment), ISI (initial slope index as defined by Risberg et al.). No significant variation was found in these four parameters between two consecutive rest measurements for all the areas studied and whatever the time interval between the measurements. The variances of the differences of Fg and ISI between the two measurements were found to be similar to those found in normal healthy subjects. The variances of FF and, consequently, W were greater than the values determined in healthy volunteers. An attempt to improve the quality of the results, by correcting them for the effects of PaCO2 changes between the measurements, resulted on the contrary in a general increase of the variances of the differences, showing the inadequacy of the correction coefficients used for healthy subjects at least for a proportion of the patients with cerebrovascular diseases. Sensitivity, tested by activation (hand work), shows a positive answer for FG but no significant change in ISI in any area. These findings demonstrate that in cases of cerebrovascular diseases the raw data (uncorrected for the changes in PaCO2) are the most reliable data but the meaning of the values found for FF and W must be regarded with caution since they may be affected by the "slippage" phenomenon. It is suggested that the ISI should only be used when there is evidence of a failure of the compartmental model, but only as a rough estimation of the flow level because of its lack of sensitivity.
Measurement of drug levels is becoming increasingly popular to optimise the dosage of various drugs. In the case of antiarrhythmic drugs, the narrow therapeutic margin of most of these agents and a direct relationship between their pharmacological effects and plasma concentrations would justify more widespread use of monitoring. Optimum plasma concentration ranges have been described for lignocaine (lidocaine), procainamide, quinidine and, more recently, also for disopyramide, mexiletine, tocainide and other new antiarrhythmics. A critical analysis of the original data shows, however, that therapeutic and toxic levels are not so well defined as often assumed: small numbers of patients, marked interindividual variability, sometimes inadequate documentation of arrhythmias and lack of standardised blood sampling characterise many of these studies. Uncertainty about the reliability of concentration-effect relationships also arises when active drug metabolites are identified or there are marked concentration-dependent changes of drug protein-binding. In addition, abolition of various types of arrhythmias might require different drug concentrations. Nevertheless, therapeutic monitoring can be of practical value in patients with life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias and can also greatly facilitate dosage adjustment in cases with renal hepatic or severe cardiac failure. For a correct interpretation of drug levels, the time of blood sampling, dosage regimen, duration of treatment, pharmacokinetic principles, and the clinical condition of the patient must be taken into account. Further studies are needed to define the optimum therapeutic range for several drugs and to evaluate the usefulness of plasma concentration measurements in routine antiarrhythmic treatment.
To establish guidelines for the interpretation of changes in arterial blood gas (ABG) values, we studied 29 clinically stable ICU patients for spontaneous variability in PaO2, PaCO2 and pH. ABGs were sampled six times over a 50-minute period, during which all patients received a fixed FIO2 of 0.5 via endotracheal tube and underwent no therapeutic interventions. Each sample was analyzed in duplicate with careful attention to method of collection and measurement. The range separating the lowest and highest PaO2 varied from 1 to 45 mm Hg (16.2 +/- 10.9 mm Hg [mean +/- SD] ). For PaCO2 this range was from 1 to 8 mm Hg (3.0 +/- 1.9 mm Hg). Coefficient of variation for PaO2 and PaCO2 averaged 5.1 +/- 3.2 percent (mean +/- SD) and 3.0 +/- 1.5 percent respectively. pH varied within 0.03 +/- 0.02 units. Percentage change in PaO2 between sequential intrapatient samples averaged 5.3 +/- 2.8 percent (mean +/- SD) and 7.1 +/- 7.9 percent over ten- and 50-minute intervals, respectively. Various clinical features were analyzed by multiple regression analysis for their relation to PaO2 variation. Only leukocyte count and mean arterial oxygen content were statistically significant associations (p less than 0.05), but together explained less than 35 percent of the variation observed. Because considerable spontaneous variation occurs, even in stable patients, clinicians should base therapeutic decisions on trends in PaO2 values rather than on isolated changes interpreted without appropriate clinical correlation.
Blood collected into different anticoagulants was stored in small tubes at +4 degrees C for up to 26 h. Seven blood coagulation analyses were performed under standardized conditions. High yield and stability of factor VIII:C were found for ACD and CPD-adenine. No changes could be found in the other six parameters tested. Whole blood in blood bags could be stored for 2-4 h at +4 degrees C with maximal yield of F VIII:C, with blood stored overnight the recovery was 65%. In plasma F VIII:C was stable for at least 2 h at room temperature. F VIIIR:Ag and F VIIIR:RCoF were stable in both whole blood and plasma. No activation by plasmin as measured by B beta 15-42 could be demonstrated. The initial FPA levels, reflecting thrombin activation, in the donated blood differed individually and in some blood bags very high concentrations were found. The levels of FPA were not correlated to the time for collection of a bag of blood.
Considerable variations in the distribution of eosinophil populations were revealed by density gradient centrifugation of peripheral blood leukocytes from 14 normal subjects and 31 patients with a transient or persistent hypereosinophilia. Such a purification procedure enabled us to collect in healthy controls, eosinophils (77.1 +/- 15.9% SD purity) with an appreciable cell recovery (21.7 +/- 14.0% SD) in the densest gradients ('normodense' cells). A high degree of purity was obtained in the same gradients, with leukocytes from patients with hypereosinophilia (84.4 +/- 11.9% SD pure eosinophils) but the cell recovery was significantly decreased (4.1 +/- 3.4% SD; p less than 0.001). A study of the various fractions found to contain eosinophils showed cells with an altered cellular density ('hypodense' cells) especially in marked hypereosinophilia. Furthermore, studies on leukocytes from patients with a very high hypereosinophilia (differential cell count greater than 70%) led to the recovery of almost pure fractions of eosinophils in the low density gradients. Functional studies were performed on each distinct cell fraction collected. They included investigations of their cytotoxic ability in a heterologous antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity assay and their biochemical activity by using a previously described technique evaluating the membrane hexose transport. Variability in the functional potentialities was observed in relation to the cellular density: higher cytotoxic eosinophil abilities were noted in the case of the 'hypodense' cell population. According to biochemical criteria, these latter cells appear to be more activated and capable of responding to stimulation.
The results of scintiphotography with gallium-67 (67Ga), renography with technetium-99m diethylene triamine penta-acetic acid, immunofluorescence of antibody coated bacteria, and determination of renal beta 2 microglobulin excretion were compared in 19 patients with upper and 15 patients with lower urinary tract infection. All patients with acute pyelonephritis showed an appreciable unilateral or bilateral uptake of 67Ga and an increased excretion of beta 2 microglobulin, whereas immunofluorescence of antibody coated bacteria yielded positive results in only 10. In patients with lower urinary tract infections excretion of beta 2 microglobulin and uptake of 67Ga were always normal, whereas immunofluorescence of antibody coated bacteria was positive in three cases. Scintiphotography with 67Ga and determination of renal beta 2 microglobulin excretion are currently the most reliable non-invasive methods of detecting acute pyelonephritis.
The CO2, O2, and pH levels of commercially available blood culture bottles with tryptic soy broth medium from five different manufacturers were compared. Ranges of 1.3 to 6.9% for CO2, 1.1 to 6.0% for O2, and pH 6.94 to 7.26 were found. Different venting procedures revealed that blood culture bottles from which the rubber diaphragm was removed equilibrated the most rapidly (24 h) to the atmosphere (10, 5, and 2.5% CO2) they were incubated in. In contrast, blood culture bottles vented with cotton-plugged needles required 48 h to achieve similar CO2 levels in the medium. The ability of these venting procedures to support bacterial growth was confirmed by measuring the growth of a CO2-dependent Escherichia coli isolate in such vented bottles; blood culture bottles that showed rapid atmospheric (5 and 10% CO2) equilibration had the fastest growth curves. Our results suggest that the differences in the recovery of certain microorganism from blood culture bottles may be due in part to the large variability seen in CO2 and O2 concentrations and the use of various venting procedures.
Urinary incontinence was objectively assessed in 50 patients. The urine loss was measured as weight gain of perineal pads worn during a 60 min standardized activity period. The test was initiated by drinking 500 ml (not milk and soda water). The patients were instructed not to void before and during the test. After the test, the voided volume was collected. The test proved handy, reproducible and reliable compared to the subjective day-time incontinence. Prior to the actual test, 15 patients participated in a pilot study having an initial voiding and a test period of 3 1/2 hours. This longer test period was not found practical and the gain in positive diagnosis was minimal compared to the disadvantages with a higher number of unscheduled voidings.
Fifty patients allergic to mite were tested for D. pteronyssinus using two prick-test techniques; the classical method by Pepys and the Morrow-Brown needle. Each patient received six tests with each method on the two forearms. The evaluation of the weal areas was conducted in two ways: by weighing the shapes of the tests transferred on to paper, and by measuring the two greatest diameter lengths. No significant difference was observed between the two methods. No significant difference was observed between the measurements of the same tests carried out at 2-monthly intervals by the same examiner. With the Pepys method the weal area sizes are significantly larger than with the Morrow-Brown needle, and the variance is much greater with the Pepys technique. However, the coefficients of variation are similar and in both cases the techniques are equally reproducible. No significant difference was found in the weal sizes with regard to the injection sites on the forearm with either of the two methods. The correlation between the weal area sizes and the log of the IgE levels is closer with the Morrow-Brown needle.
Tris(2-butoxyethyl) phosphate (I), a plasticizer commonly found in evacuated blood collection tubes, displaces many basic drugs from their binding sites on serum proteins and causes them to redistribute from serum into red blood cells (i.e., artificially lowering serum or plasma drug concentration). Thus, the ability to quantitate I in serum or plasma may be helpful in establishing the suitability of various lots of evacuated blood collection tubes for use in drug level monitoring and pharmacokinetic studies. In the process of establishing a minor modification of an assay which has been reported, remarkable and reproducible interindividual variability (n = 10) in the slope of standard curves was observed (range, 0.0143-0.0486). This variability appeared to be caused by differences in the recovery of I from the serum of these individuals. The source of this difference seemed to be related to serum lipoprotein concentration since the slope of standard curves was highly correlated with serum triglyceride concentration (r = -0.800) as well as with the sum of serum triglyceride and cholesterol concentrations (r = -0.881). These observations suggest that the examination of interindividual differences in the recovery of drugs and related compounds from serum should be a routine part of assay development.
The response of plasma cholesterol to cholesterol feeding in rhesus monkeys varies widely among individual animals. Some develop severe hypercholesterolemia (the high-responders) while some show only a mild increase in plasma cholesterol concentration (the low-responders) with similar cholesterol intake. We have reviewed our studies on cholesterol absorption and metabolism in the high- and low-responding rhesus monkeys and conclude that the consistent observation that high-responders absorb significantly higher percentage of intestinal luminal cholesterol than the low-responders is one primary mechanism responsible for the differential response of plasma cholesterol to dietary cholesterol. We have discussed the significance of these findings in rhesus monkeys, an animal species used extensively as a model for atherosclerosis research, as they may relate to cholesterol metabolism in humans.
Rabbit morulae were cultured in vitro for 4 days in a synthetic culture medium supplemented with two different lots of commercial bovine serum albumin (BSA) and two different amino acid formulations in a factorial 2 x 2 arrangement. One lot of BSA caused complete hatching of a proportion of blastocysts and formation of more than twice as many cells per blastocyst (hatched and unhatched) as that of the second BSA lot which did not cause complete hatching of any blastocysts. The mean cell numbers of hatched blastocysts were more than twice those of non-hatched blastocysts. There was no significant effect of amino acid formulation.
The influence of altered serum protein binding on the pharmacologic response to R- and S-disopyramide was studied in the rabbit. Binding changes of disopyramide were achieved by the injection of human glycoprotein fraction VI. During constant infusion of R-disopyramide, the glycoprotein injection increased the total drug concentration in serum at steady state, while the unbound concentration was unaltered. The glycoprotein injection, however, decreased the unbound concentration and increased the total concentration during the steady-state infusion of S-disopyramide. In both experiments, the measured pharmacological response (delta QRS duration) reflected the change in the unbound drug concentration.
We studied the reproducibility of standard preparations in digoxin radioimmunoassay in a randomized trial using serum and plasma as matrices. The errors expressed relative to the observed counts per minute (cpm) attributable to each of the procedures involved in the preparation of standards were as follows: preparation of stock solutions and dilutions, 1.3%; addition of diluted solutions to the medium, 1.2%; and residual error due to the assay procedure, 3.7%. No error caused by mixing, portioning, and storage was detected. Heparinized plasma gave lower cpm values than serum at 4.0 ng/ml (p less than 0.01), an effect that would give over- or underestimations by about 5% at that level, depending on the medium used. This suggests that standard and sample matrices should be similar. Our procedure for preparing the standards seems to be reasonably reliable; this is necessary for satisfactory monitoring of patients on digitalis therapy.
In a carefully controlled drinking situation there was great individual variation in peak blood alcohol concentrations (BACS) for given doses of alcohol. Alcohol nomograms and tables based on average results from such studies could be misleading since they could frequently result in serious underestimates or overestimates of peak BACS.
The reproducibility of ejection fraction measurements has been studied using gated equilibrium blood pool scintigraphy. The use of appropriate statistical tests is proposed and commented upon. The intra-observer variability for our group of patients has a standard deviation of 6.4%, the interobserver variability of 3.2% and sequential studies done on the same and different days give standard deviations (due to "time" alone) of 1.0% and 1.9%, respectively. Different factors and sources involved in variability are mentioned. Variability values reported in the literature are discussed.
Significant heterogeneity in the distribution of within pair variances of serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, non HDL cholesterol and triglyceride levels has been found in one or both of two samples of MZ twins. We have found some support for the observation of Magnus et al. (1981) that M- pairs have greater environmental variability in cholesterol levels than M+ pairs and weaker evidence that Jka+ pairs are more variable than Jka- pairs. However, these effects appear to be more striking on triglyceride levels. The low power of the variance ratio test is advanced as a possible reason for the inconsistencies in these findings.
Maternal glucose variability was studied in 154 pregnant diabetic patients hospitalized during the last month of their pregnancies. By means of several statistical analyses of the coefficient of variation for within-day plasma glucose variability, we found as follows. (1) There was a significant association between maternal glucose variability and neonatal outcome. (2) Patients with greater glucose variability had more episodes of hyperglycemia, but not hypoglycemia. (3) There was no correlation between maternal glucose variability and the birth weight of the infant. We are proposing the use of an index for glucose variability to monitor glucose control in pregnancy and predict neonatal outcome. Although absence of glucose variability will not ensure prevention of neonatal complications, there is a clear association between greater glucose variability and neonatal complications.
Blood volumes measured by indicator dilution method in over 1500 instances of critically ill patients of various etiologies and at various times throughout their critical illness were compared with the values of concomitantly measured mean arterial pressure (MAP), CVP, pulmonary arterial wedge pressure (WP), Hct, and cardiac output. During resuscitation from hypovolemic shock, the patients' blood volumes and the monitored variables were significantly altered. However, there were poor correlations between the extent of blood volume changes and these variables during resuscitation as well as throughout the critical illness, irrespective of the etiologic type or stage of shock. With administration of a fluid load, blood volume and values of the commonly monitored variables improved appropriately, but the correlation coefficients, in general, were not good. The data suggest that the commonly monitored variables, in and of themselves, do not reflect adequately the blood volume status in critically ill patients.
As part of a study of early childhood development, more than 200 children had their blood lead concentrations (PbB) determined semiannually during the first 2 yr of life. These children were selected from 11,837 consecutive births surveyed for umbilical cord PbB at Boston Lying-In Hospital. Candidate subjects were drawn from the highest, lowest, and middle deciles of PbB. The mean PbB was 7.2 +/- 5.3 (standard deviation) micrograms/dl at birth and did not change appreciably with age. However, the average change in an individual's PbB every 6 months was 4 micrograms/dl, which was several fold in excess of the analytical reproducibility. Only 25% of the children in the highest category at birth were in the highest category at 2 yr of age. Approximately 40% of the children remained in their immediately previous PbB tertile category. A stochastic description of these patterns of change fits the data. Our results should caution investigators who might wish to rely on a single determination to categorize children with PbB.
The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of the dilution of plasma (1/3 in saline) on the kinetics of fibrin generation in the activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT) assay. The diluted APTT is considered to increase the sensitivity of the APTT test however, studies in our laboratory using an electro-optical fibrin detection system failed to show significant differences in APTT values obtained with diluted and undiluted canine plasma. Seventeen plasmas, including plasmas moderately and markedly deficient in intrinsic factor activity were assayed in the undiluted and diluted APTT assay using two methods for fibrin endpoint detection; a visual "tilt-tube" technique and an electro-optical detection system. In the former technique the endpoint was the formation of a visible fibrin web or clot; in the latter procedure the end point was the first detection of a change in optical density of the plasma. Optical density changes during fibrin formation were also recorded ( thrombokinetograms ). The results indicated that the electro-optical fibrin detection system failed to identify a prolongation of the APTT as a result of 1/3 plasma dilution; a prolongation that was consistently observed with the visual fibrin detection technique. Plasma dilution however, did significantly reduce the rate of fibrin production as indicated by the thrombokinetogram profile. It was concluded that the dilution of plasma with saline, as has been used to increase the sensitivity of the APTT assay procedure, has little effect on the time of onset of fibrin formation in a given plasma. The major effect appears to be on the way in which fibrin forms in that the polymerization/crosslinkage events associated with macroscopic fibrin production are delayed.
The possibility that the fluorescence probe, 1-anilino-8-naphthalenesulfonate (I), might be used for predicting the interindividual differences in the plasma protein binding of acidic drugs was examined. The interindividual differences in the free fraction of I (fI) were found not to be due to corresponding differences in plasma albumin concentration, but to those differences in binding constant. The binding constant of I to the plasma of 18 individual rats ranged from 1.75 X 10(6) M-1 to 2.3 X 10(7) M-1. The free fraction of I had a highly significant statistical correlation with plasma concentration of free fatty acids, but had no significant correlation with the infinite fluorescence of I or the degree of the polarization of I. Each free fraction of five acidic drugs (warfarin, phenylbutazone, salicylic acid, indomethacin, and sulfaphenazole ) was correlated with fI with high statistical significance. Therefore, the simple and convenient method using I may predict the interindividual differences in the plasma protein binding of acidic drugs in rats.
Regional cerebral blood flow (RCBF) and local cerebral glucose utilization (LCGU) were studied in normal, awake newborn beagle puppies using quantitative autoradiography. A highly significant linear relationship between RCBF and LCGU was present for all brain structures. Special attention was directed to the subependymal germinal matrix (GM), the site of origin of periventricular hemorrhage in the premature human. A consistent variability in both RCBF and LCGU was found within GM. Both RCBF and LCGU were higher in rostral than posterior GM, and in peripheral than internal GM. The close coupling between RCBF and LCGU within GM suggests that GM blood flow is influenced by local energy needs. The quantitative relationship between RCBF and LCGU was similar within GM to that in cerebral white and gray matter, suggesting that the puppy GM predominantly utilizes glucose as fuel for energy production.
In a study with 113 Asian children in which phenobarbitone was used as the sole antiepileptic drug in 75 children, including Chinese, Malays, and Indians, the mean phenobarbitone dosage required to produce a plasma level of 15 micrograms/ml was 5.2 mg/kg/day. While the mean plasma level/dose ratio varied, the differences between the three ethnic groups were not statistically significant. Also of little difference were the ratios between the male and female groups. For those patients with poor seizure control, however, the mean plasma level/dose ratio was significantly lower than in those whose seizures were controlled. Using additional anticonvulsant drugs concurrently with phenobarbitone in 40 children raised the mean plasma level/dose ratios significantly in each ethnic group. Further, the greater age level in those given additional antiepileptic drugs might have contributed slightly to a higher mean plasma level/dose ratio.
Although plasma lipid levels are assumed to reflect the individual's constitutional or nutritional status, many studies have found that plasma lipids are noticeably influenced by short-term emotional arousal. Sixty such studies are reviewed. These studies span a remarkable breadth of stressful situations, such as from viewing disturbing films to taking examinations or participating in military training courses. Free fatty acid levels were almost invariably elevated in the context of a stressful event. Most studies also found that cholesterol increased from 8 to 65% above baseline under stressful conditions. In some individuals cholesterol levels may be highly labile. There was no consistent pattern of triglyceride response to emotional arousal. This area, although imaginatively studied 20 years ago, has been relatively ignored in recent years. The availability of more sophisticated techniques for studying psychological stress, neuroendocrine response, and lipid metabolism makes this topic a fertile area for further study.
From 5 young males and 5 young females blood was drawn under highly standardized conditions at 6 to 10 occasions during 4 months. The serum constituents thyroglobulin, thyroxine, triiodothyronine, T3-uptake test, TBG and TSH were determined, and four indices were calculated. The biological intra-individual coefficients of variation were below 0.14 for thyroglobulin, and the inter-individual coefficients for variation ranged from zero for T3-uptake test to 0.35 for thyroglobulin. All results were within the generally accepted reference ranges for normals. Within these ranges the calculations of indices for free thyroxine and triidothyronine according to T3-uptake test and TBG, did not significantly reduce the coefficients of variation for these serum constituents. Thyroglobulin concentrations did not correlate to any of the measured or calculated constituents. The knowledge of these intra- and inter-individual variations of serum thyroglobulin in healthy persons is of importance for the interpretation of variations found in patients.
A plaque assay for determination of the sensitivity of Neisseria gonorrhoeae to the complement-dependent bactericidal activity of normal human serum was evaluated. The method was found to be rapid and easy to perform. All strains, which gave a positive result by the plaque assay, were serum-sensitive in a quantitative assay, whereas only 78% of strains giving negative results by the plaque assay were true serum-resistant. The growth of a few gonococcal strains was inhibited, i.e. formed plaques, after exposure to genuine as well as to heat-inactivated normal human serum.
1 Concomitant saliva and plasma theophylline concentrations were measured in six healthy male volunteers following single dose administration of two sustained release preparations (Nuelin SA and Phyllocontin Continus). 2 Using mean values, a good correlation was obtained between saliva and plasma drug concentrations. Prediction of plasma values using individual saliva was poor and varied widely. The ratio of saliva to plasma concentrations in the same individual, assessed under standardised conditions, was not always reproducible.
1 Disopyramide plasma binding was determined in vitro in plasma from 20 patients with acute myocardial infarction (aged 35-79 years) and in 20 age and sex matched healthy subjects. Plasma samples were collected on days 1, 5 and 12 after infarction and when the patient returned to the outpatient clinic. 2 In healthy subjects there was a significant negative correlation between disopyramide free fraction and plasma alpha 1-acid glycoprotein (AAG) concentration. A similar correlation was observed in the patients with myocardial infarction, however this correlation was dependent on time elapsed after infarction. Disopyramide free fraction did not correlate with albumin concentration in either group. 3 Mean plasma AAG concentrations were increased by 63% within 5 days after infarction and had returned to initial levels some months later (73.5 +/- 7.8 days). On each of the four sampling days, a two to four fold individual variability in plasma AAG concentrations was observed. 4 Maximum increases in disopyramide plasma binding were shown on days 5 and 12 after infarction. These increases were dependent on both drug and AAG concentrations. Increases in fraction bound were greater at the higher drug concentrations. Within the usual therapeutic plasma range for disopyramide (2 to 5 mg/l), the mean increases in fraction bound, compared to day 1 data, varied from 22 to 45% respectively. 5 Sequential alteration in AAG concentration after infarction indicates that disopyramide plasma binding may not reach a steady state until some months after infarction. Prediction of the time to achieve this steady state would be difficult due to inter- and intra-patient variability in binding.
The difference between serum and plasma electrolyte measurements and the effects of delay, cooling and addition of sodium heparin on plasma electrolyte measurements were observed. Delay of more than 30 min from sampling to analysis renders plasma potassium measurements unreliable. All other factors assessed produced no changes in plasma electrolyte measurements. Arterial blood gas laboratories can, therefore, reliably provide rapid or serial measurements of plasma sodium and potassium provided the analysis is performed within 30 min of obtaining an appropriate arterial blood sample.
An electrophoretic survey of 13 serum proteins was carried out on samples drawn from 340 vervet monkeys (Cercopithecus aethiops) living in 30 troops from four different localities in central and southern Kenya. The proportion of polymorphic loci is 0.17 and the average heterozygosity is 0.05. The group specific component, prealbumin carboxylesterase, and transferrin are all polymorphic. The analysis of the patterns of gene diversity show that a large part of the genic variation exists within individual troops and among neighboring troops from the same trapping locality. Only a small proportion of the overall genetic variability occurs between the populations at the different trapping localities which are separated by between 80 and 380 km. The migration of young males from their natal troops is a likely mechanism of gene flow among the vervet populations. Gene flow appears to be sufficient to prevent high levels of geographic variation in the gene frequencies at these loci, but is insufficient to prevent the occasional fixation of alleles in some local populations.
Intervillous placental blood flow and indices of fetal heart rate variability were measured from seven healthy pregnant women in the last trimester of pregnancy, once before and twice after smoking one cigarette. A blood flow reduction was observed in seven, a rise in five, and no change in two measurements. When intervillous placental blood flow decreased both indices of variability decreased (p less than 0.001), and when it increased the short-term component of fetal heart rate variability increased more significantly (p less than 0.001) than did the long-term component (p less than 0.01).
Few systematic data are available on the range of individual blood lipid responsiveness to specific diet changes. Multiple, carefully standardized total serum cholesterol (TC) measurements were made in 58 men under a variety of controlled dietary conditions. Responsiveness was defined for each individual as the change in mean TC per unit change in Diet Score based on the Keys-Minnesota equation. Only 3% were potentially "nonresponders," and even these probably evidenced some response. Of the group, 64% responded within 30% of prediction. We classed 9% as hyporesponders, while in another 9% responsiveness exceeded 1.5 times expectation. We conclude that in metabolically normal individuals the variation in short-term response to dietary change is normally distributed but that nonresponse to diet change is rare. Because metabolic, intrinsic hyporesponsiveness of TC to change in diet composition is uncommon, assessment of the real effectiveness of a dietary regimen in an individual is best based on observed dietary changes. TC changes among individuals under treatment should be based on multiple determinations and interpreted with caution.
We evaluated the use of the D-xylose absorption test as a marker of intestinal mucosal damage following single-dose oral food challenges in infants suspected of food-protein-induced-enterocolitis. The absorption tests were performed before any challenge, and again after each of four separate food challenges. The response to challenge was judged by five objective criteria (diarrhea, polymorphonuclear leukocytosis, fecal blood, leukocytes, and eosinophils). A significant decrease in the group mean for serum xylose was seen following positive challenges. The 1-h serum xylose level prior to any challenge was 42 +/- 9.5, following negative challenges it was 46 +/- 15, and following positive challenges it was 28 +/- 4.4. However, there was not a good individual correlation between the challenge response and xylose absorption, so intrasubject variability of the xylose absorption test was examined in six infants who had at least three tests performed before a positive challenge response was encountered. The average standard deviation for these repeated tests was 8.2 mg/dl, and the coefficient of variability was 12.6%. This would suggest that, in utilizing this test to assess mucosal damage following oral food challenges or gluten reintroduction, a decrease of 16 mg/dl from the prechallenge values would have to be seen before the difference would exceed two standard deviations. This degree of change was not seen in any patient following a single oral food challenge.
Blood samples obtained through quadruple-lumen Swan-Ganz catheters in ten critically ill patients provided reliable results after withdrawal of a total of 2.2 mL (including 1.2 mL of dead space) for hematocrit tests and 3.2 mL (including 1.2 mL of dead space) for plasma sodium tests.
We have encountered two types of variability in the numbers of cells making antibodies in vitro to sheep erythrocytes (PFC) in pokeweed-stimulated human peripheral blood mononuclear lymphocytes (PBM). One is a variation in number of PFC generated by the PBM of one individual compared -o that of another, which is probably an in vitro counterpart to the well known individual variation in in vivo antibody responsiveness and presumed to be T cell controlled. The other variability is in numbers of PFC found in replicate tubes from a given individual. This variation is not T cell controlled, but rather is releated to the relative number of monocytes in the system. Enhancement by monocytes of the numbers of PFC generated is also demonstrated.
In this study the immunoperoxidase technique was used to demonstrate the blood group antigens A, B and H in normal gastric mucosa and primary and metastatic gastric carcinomas. No clear relationship between tumour differentiation and preservation of blood group antigens was found. In some well differentiated tumours there was a marked loss of blood group substance, whereas in other poorly differentiated tumours, both primary and metastatic, it was easily detectable. In some tumours an inverse relationship between A or B and H activity was noted. This observation is consistent with the theory that in some malignant cells there is a blocking of the normal step-by-step elongation of the carbohydrate portion of blood group substances.
PFC have been detected in normal human PBL cultures, immunized with sheep red blood cells (SRBC) and supplemented with Concanavalin-A (Con-A) on day 0 (suppressive effect), and on day 2 (helper effect). Five PBL cultures responded punctually on established days, while four cultures failed to reproduce an enhancing effect when Con-A was added on day 2. In one case only no suppression was observed following addition of Con-A on day 0. Furthermore, it should be taken into consideration the dose of Con-A employed that can give suppressive, enhancing and no effects irrespective of the day of its addition in culture. On the basis of these considerations, it has been concluded that such a method is not suitable for clinical purposes, for instance in patients with immunological disorders, since the individual response to Con-A is extremely variable.
Currently we are using two different ISO-DALT two-dimensional gel electrophoresis systems, designated MC-Iso 1 and MC-Iso 2, for the analysis of serum and plasma samples. Here we report quality-assurance data for both of these systems. CV values for the slopes of the pH gradient (ISO dimension) are 5.6% of less; CV values for the slopes of the molecular-mass curves (log Mr vs relative mobility in the DALT dimension) are 3.4% or less. We examined the various steps of the analysis in detail for reproducibility and protein loss, using radiolabeled albumin, alpha 2-macroglobulin, and beta 2-microglobulin. Generally, in the first dimension, less protein enters the MC-Iso 2 gels (our routine system in which silver stain is used) than enters the MC-Iso 1 gels (our wide-range system for myeloma serum samples, in which the gel is stained with Coomassie Blue), on the average, 87% as much. The CV at this stage for both systems is 5--8%. During equilibration, considerable amounts of protein are lost (approximately 30% in 10 min) from the ISO gel, and the reproducibility is also decreased. Resolution in the DALT dimension has, in most cases, little or no effect on either recovery or reproducibility. Overall, for most proteins expected to appear in an ISO gel of a given pH range, approximately 50--60% of the starting material may be expected to reside in the sodium dodecyl sulfate slab gel, under our conditions. The two most important variables affecting recovery are the concentration of the NaOH (used as catholyte) and the pH of the starting sample. The overall CV for the process is between 8 and 12%.
Fifteen preterm infants with patent ductus arteriosus and respiratory distress syndrome were given indomethacin (0.2 mg/kg) at 12 h intervals up to three times, either orally or intravenously, in an uncontrolled, non-randomized study. Serum indomethacin concentrations were determined in blood samples taken 12 h after dosing. There was considerable variability in the serum indomethacin concentrations, especially after oral administration, although the mean concentrations after each of the three doses were similar after both oral and intravenous administration. The frequency of closures and transient closures of the ductus arteriosus was also similar for both routes of administration. There was, however, no relation between concentration and effect in individual patients. The sustained exposure to indomethacin which appears to be necessary for ductal closure can sometimes be attained by oral administration.
The validity of blood flow measurements made using radiolabeled microspheres (reference sample technique) has been well established in a variety of experimental models. Previous studies of the variability of the method emphasize tissue sphere number as the principle source of random variation. However, blood flow measurements depend on sphere distribution to both tissue and reference samples as well as on quantitation of different isotopes in a single tissue sample. In this study we examined the major determinants of relative error and variability in flow rate measurements inherent in the reference sample technique. Error magnitude was predicted from a statistical model, simulated with numerical analogs, and measured in anesthetized dogs with 15-micrometers microspheres. Theoretically, with 2,000 spheres in the reference sample and greater than or equal to 475 spheres in a tissue sample, blood flow can be measured with 10% accuracy at the 95% confidence level and with duplicate variability of 14%. Random errors in isotope quantitation were influenced by the specific activity of the isotope and the fractional distribution of a given isotope over the various energy windows. Suspension of tissue and reference sample spheres at different heights (0.2 cm) resulted in systematic flow errors of up to 13%. When errors due to separation of isotopes and differences in sample height were minimized, the major determinant of variability in flow measurements during simultaneous injection of differently labeled microspheres was the number of spheres in both tissue and reference samples.
This report investigates quantitatively the extent to which 24-hour urinary mercury excretion can be predicted from the concentration of mercury in spot samples. The correlation between these quantities can be significantly improved by the application of a correction for urinary dilution and by restricting spot samples to the day's first excretion. If these precautions are taken, we find that for 68% of the samples the 24-hour excretion, Q, is in the range of 0.75 C' less than Q less than 1.31 C', where C' is the mercury concentration of a day's first excretion. The width of this range appears to be primarily determined by variations in a person's daily urinary volume and by the frequent occurrence of diurnal cycles.
Retest reliability for plasma cholesterol and triglyceride is important diagnostically and in the planning of studies. Coefficients of variation of about 8% for cholesterol and 25% for triglyceride are reported here during Visits 1 and 2 of the Lipid Research Clinics Prevalence Study in 1972-1975. Retest reliability showed little or no dependence on other factors studied. It would not be unusual to observe apparent cholesterol changes of 50 mg/dl and occasionally 100 mg/dl with no obvious explanation. Apparent random triglyceride changes may be as high as several hundred mg/dl. It is of clinical importance that two thirds of persons in the upper quintile of cholesterol and/or triglyceride at first measurement remain in this rank and one third rank lower on retest. Multiple observations of these lipid values are recommended both for clinical use and for establishment of study baselines.
The intra-individual variation in the concentrations of serum cholesterol, triglycerides and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-chol) was determined in 53 healthy subjects, without extreme standardization of test subjects and sampling conditions. Within 1 year, the intra-individual variation of the subjects ranged from 3.9 to 10.9% for cholesterol; from 12.9 to 40.8% for triglycerides, and from 3.6 to 12.4% for HDL-chol. More than 60% of the average total intra-individual variation was caused by biological fluctuations and the remainder was the result of analytical variation. Thus, a single measurement of these serum constituents in an individual can be misleading or meaningless, unless the value is considerably outside the normal range. No significant diurnal variation was found in the concentrations of serum cholesterol and HDL-chol. The maximal post-prandial increase of the serum triglycerides was twice as great in the men than in the women. Finally, significant trends in the fluctuations of serum lipids and HDL-chol during 1 year were not found.
Normal blood flow patterns were characterized in individual CD rats, nonpregnant (NP) or on day 6, 7, 8, 10, 11, 12, 13, 16, 18, or 20 of gestation using the radioactive microsphere technique. Five animals were evaluated at each stage of pregnancy. Weights and flow values were determined for several maternal organs and uterine tissue samples. Embryo/fetal (E/F) sex was determined from day 11 on by measuring the prevalence of nuclei with sex chromatin in amnion smears. There was a marked increase in absolute flow to the uterus and all uterine contents during gestation (0.28 +/- 0.13 ml/min to the NP, diestrous uterus; 9.07 +/- 0.97 ml/min on day 20 of pregnancy). However, relative blood flow (ml/min/g tissue) decreased by day 20 to one-third NP values. Thus, though blood flow greatly increased, it did so at a rate lower than total tissue growth (including the uterus, placental tissues, and the E/F itself). There was a rapid redistribution of blood flow from the decidua parietalis (DEC) to the chorioallantoic placenta (CAP) on days 11-13, with nearly equal flow being delivered to the CAP and DEC of the "average" embryo on day 12 of gestation. By day 16 the DEC functionally had atrophied, and nearly 100% of the flow was delivered to the CAP. Male E/Fs tended to weigh more than female; however, these differences were statistically significant only on days 13, 18, and 20. E/F sex was not found to be strongly related to any of the variables evaluated in this study except E/F weight. Significant interlitter variability in E/F weight and blood flow consistently was observed at all gestational stages. Differences in litter size and E/F distribution within the two uterine horns did not account for the majority of this variability.
Intraindividual variations of 8-methoxypsoralen (8-MOP) plasma levels were investigated. On at least 3 consecutive days of treatment 8-MOP levels were determined 2 h following the administration of 0.56-0.82 mg/kg b.w. On day 1 a complete plasma level-time profile was obtained. Interindividually, 8-MOP plasma levels varied from 0-654 ng/ml. Intraindividual variation was considerably less being 1.2-5.3-fold. In one patient who showed a lower absorption rate of 8-MOP plasma levels varied from 0-126 ng/ml. There was a rather close correlation (r = 0.81) of the variation of 8-MOP plasma levels (determined as the ratio of highest to lowest plasma level) and mean plasma level, intraindividual variation decreasing exponentially with increasing 8-MOP plasma levels. Parameters determining variation of 8-MOP plasma levels are the intrinsic hepatic clearance, liver blood flow, and possibly the absorption of the drug from gastrointestinal tract. To keep intraindividual variation as low as possible ingestion of the drug together with a standardized meal is suggested. Drugs interfering with hepatic metabolism or liver blood flow should be avoided.
Fifteen adult chronic asthmatic patients were studied on 6 consecutive days of the second week of treatment with a new sustained release theophylline formulation, and 8 were again studied after three months on the same dosing regimen (375 mg b.i.d.). Serum theophylline concentrations were maintained in the therapeutic range (peak - 19.7 +/- 5.0 micrograms/ml; trough - 13.0 +/- 3.2 micrograms/ml) throughout the 12 hour dosing interval, and were greater than 75% of the peak concentration over 8.6 +/- 2.9 h. A degree of drug accumulation was evident in that the 1-h and 5-h levels rose from 12.2 +/- 4.1 and 4.5 +/- 4.8 micrograms/ml during the second week to 16.9 +/- 4.6 and 18.4 +/- 4.5 micrograms/ml, respectively, at three months. Between-patient differences accounted for 61%-71% of the total variation in steady state theophylline concentrations. After accounting for differences due to sampling time and assay error, unexplained random, within-individual variability amounted to 11%-18% of the total. Quantitative estimation of these components of variability may be incorporated into dosage forecasting methods based on single determinations of serum concentration.
1 In a model study the influence of some variables on the accuracy of predictions of phenytoin doses which should produce desired plasma concentrations were studied. All predictions were extrapolations from low test doses with concurrent observations of plasma concentrations. 2 The variables in introduced were:--Variability in observed plasma concentration;--Variability in applied test doses;--Variability in patient characteristics as expressed in Km and Vmax values. 3 The model study generated the same sort of result as a previous one, executed in practice (Driessen. Van der Velde + Hppener, 1980), i.e. predictions are often inaccurate and of the method tested (Richens & Dunlop, 1975; Ludden, Hawkins, Allen & Hoffman, 1976; Martin, Tozer, Sheiner & Riegelman, 1977; Rambeck, Boenigk, Dunlop, Mullen, Wadsworth & Richens, 1980), Richens' first nomogram (Richens & Dunlop, 1975) is to be preferred.
The effect of analytical error on the interpretation of blood lead data obtained from population studies is discussed. Statistical analysis of measured blood lead values reported in four representative population studies shows over 40 percent of the variability in blood lead measurements is due to analytical error. Because of this analytical error, a large percentage of the observed lead measurements which exceed a threshold limit are "false positives" in that the true blood lead values for these individuals do not exceed the threshold. The EPA has suggested that the distribution of blood lead values could be used as a guide for determining the portion of a population at risk. "At risk" is defined as having blood lead values above a certain threshold. If this is done, the effect of analytical error which causes "false positives" should be considered properly to obtain an accurate estimate of the population at risk.
The efficacy and toxicity of hydralazine differ widely among individual patients, possibly because of different sensitivities to drug effect or as a reflection of pharmacokinetic differences. Therefore, the variability in plasma hydralazine concentrations after single intravenous and single and multiple oral doses was studied in 9 male hypertensive patients. After an intravenous dose of 0.3 mg/kg the area under the plasma concentration time curve (AUC) varied over less than a twofold range 17.5-29.5 muM-minute. However, after a single oral dose, 1 mg/kg, and after at least the fifth dose of a regimen consisting of 1 mg/kg given every 12 hours, there were much wider variations in AUC values: 4.0-30.4 and 3.2-38.5 muM-minute, respectively. Similar ranges in peak hydralazine concentration, Cp, were also noted, 0.12-1.31 muM after single oral dose and 0.10-1.39 muM after the multiple dose regimen. A significant portion of the observed interpatient variability could be explained by differences in acetylation ability. The AUC and Cp values for both the single and multiple oral doses were significantly lower (P less than 0.001) in rapid than in slow acetylators. Therefore, determining the acetylation ability of patients requiring hydralazine may help to optimize therapeutic benefit and minimize toxicity.
We evaluated the variability in total cholesterol concentrations in serum in a large population of children over a period of time, to help us discern the limitations in reliability of current clinical laboratory methods for its analysis. We analyzed sera from a population of approximately 4000 children over a four-year period, quality-control sera, pooled sera, and surveillance samples from the Centers for Disease Control over a seven-year period, with a Technicon AutoAnalyzer II. Two methods of correction were suggested to adjust deviations in yearly serum total cholesterol means: yearly screening data were corrected on the basis of monthly variability in pooled-serum determinations and on the basis of deviations from values suggested by the Centers for Disease Control. Both correction methods were insufficient. These changes occur very slowly, and unless there is close monitoring and frequent comparison with a known standard, changes in laboratory results still can occur.
The concentrations of conjugated chenodeoxycholate and cholate in serum have been measured in 26 controls and 19 patients with liver disease before and after taking a fat-containing meal. The times at which maximum bile salt concentrations occurred varied considerably between individuals. In the majority of cases maximal concentrations of the two bile salts occurred simultaneously but in 3 subjects maximal concentrations of chenodeoxycholate were found 15-60 min prior to maximal cholate concentrations. The measurement of bile salt concentration in a single sample taken 2 h after the fatty test meal would have produced two false-negative results in the patients with liver disease. It is concluded that the jejunal absorption of dihydroxylated bile salts may not be significant in the majority of individuals and that the protocol for assessment of liver function by postprandial bile salt analysis should include at least two blood samples collected at 1.5 and 2 h after ingestion of the test meal.
Whole blood O2 equilibrium curves (OEC) were measured in 46 Peruvians native to high altitude (4,540 m) and in 25 sea-level controls. A method was employed that records the entire OEC from 0 to 150 Torr with constant pH and PCO2. The data were analyzed by fitting the Adair equation describing the successive oxygenation of hemoglobin. At pH 7.4 the PO2 at which hemoglobin is half-saturated with O2 (P50) was significantly higher in the high-altitude population (31.2 +/- 1.9 Torr) than in controls (29.2 +/- 1.8 Torr, P less than 0.001). The acid-base status of the high-altitude subjects, however, was that of compensated respiratory alkalosis (plasma pH 7.439 +/- 0.065), and when the P50's were corrected to the subjects' plasma pH the values (30.1 +/- 2.2 Torr) could no longer be distinguished from the controls. We conclude that, on the average, increased P50 resulting from increased red cell 2,3-diphosphyoglycerate concentration at high altitude is offset by compensated respiratory alkalosis with the net result that the position of the OEC more closely approaches that of sea-level humans than has hitherto been thought. Considerable variation exists in P50, both at sea level and high altitude. This variation might have important consequences for acclimatization and survival under adverse environmental conditions.
The genetic variability of membrane proteins (structure-bound proteins) and cytosol proteins (water-soluble proteins) was investigated in two inbred strains of the mouse, C57BL/6J and DBA/2J. Membrane proteins and cytosol were isolated from the brain and liver of the mouse. The proteins were separated by two-dimensional electrophoresis. A high number of genetic variant proteins (brain, 30; liver, 72) was found in the cytosol. Most of these variants represented changes in the amount of proteins. Electrophoretic mobility changes occurred only in about 1% (brain, 6; liver, 9) of all protein spots of a two-dimensional pattern. In contrast to the cytosol proteins, no genetic variation was detected among the membrane proteins, not even for the quantitative characteristics of the protein spots. The results obtained for the two classes of proteins suggest that the degree of variability in the amount of proteins is related to the degree of variability in the structure of proteins.
The precision and accuracy of the Hemalog D, which uses cytochemical identification of cells in suspension, and of the Hematrak, which uses image recognition of cells on a stained blood film, have been compared counting normal blood samples. The Hemalog D showed superior precision for all cell types, as would be expected since 10,000 cells are counted per sample; however, the precision for monocytes was worse than expected for the number of cells counted. The precision of the Hematrak was equivalent or superior to that of a manual count of the same number of cells but showed the poor precision inevitable when only 100 cells are counted. With respect to accuracy, both automated counters showed statistically significant differences from manual counts and from each other in counting neutrophils, lymphocytes and eosinophils, bu the differences were not sufficiently great to be of practical importance. The Hematrak counted monocytes accurately (though imprecisely) whereas the Hemalog D overestimated monocytes on average by 2.3%, or 40% of the mean monocyte percentage. This was consequent on the counting of esterase positive neutrophils as monocytes, and the difference from the manual count was sufficient to be of some practical importance. The Hemalog D counted basophils both accurately and precisely. The precision of manual and Hematrak basophil counts was poor; the accuracy of the Hematrak basophil count was dependent on the quality of the stain and that of the manual basophil count was dependent on the quality of the stain and the attentiveness of the technologist. For other cell types in blood samples from normal volunteers, the Hematrak was versatile and accuracy was not greatly affected by the use of May-Grnwald-Giemsa rather than Wright's stain, nor by the use of hand spread rather than machine spread films.
Heparinized saline was given to seven men and one woman, aged 21 to 42 yr, after a 14-hr fasting period and 2 hr after breakfast; blood was collected in nonoheparinized tubes. Diazepam (D alpha) and warfarin (W alpha) free fractions were determined in serum by equilibrium dialysis to which radiolabeled drug was added. After 50 U heparin (Harris LO14) intravenously, the maximum effect on D alpha, W alpha, and free fatty acids (FFA) developed in 5 min and lasted 20 to 30 min. D alpha rose and W alpha fell (p < 0.01) at 5 min. Cumulative doses of heparin increased FFAs (F4,16 = 18.29, p < 0.0005). D alpha rises (r = 0.73, p < 0.001) and W alpha falls (r = -0.74, p < 0.001) correlated with changes in FFAs. D alpha rises and W alpha falls were greater postprandially than in the fasted state (p < 0.01). Five subjects were randomly assigned up to 400 U intravenously of each of two different heparin lots (Harris LO14, and Organon LA39.) The FFA rises (reflecting heparin lipolytic activity, F1,32 = 179.62, p < 0.0005), D alpha rises (F1,32 = 34.22, p < 0.0005), and the W alpha falls (F1,32 = 33.20, p < 0.0005) by heparin Harris LO14 were greater than those by heparin Organon LA39. Although small doses of heparin, such as those in heparin locks, can affect drug binding, the extent and variability of the effect depends on the biologic activity of the heparin, and varies with manufacturer and lot, exact time of sampling, and eating.
We determined unconjugated and total estriol concentrations in serum during the third trimester in 34 normal gestations. Data were obtained weekly for 13 women for as long as nine weeks; 21 others were studied daily for up to 15 days. No correlation between birth weight and either estriol fraction was demonstrated. Between-patient variability was less for unconjugated estriol and was similar for weekly and daily data. Within-patient variability was also less for unconjugated estriol and, as expected, was less for daily than for weekly data. The CV for daily samples, within patient, averaged 13.0% for unconjugated estriol and 20.3% for total estriol. Our data support the daily determination of unconjugated estriol in serum, evaluated for percent changes from single or mean preceding values, as the preferred method of monitoring estriol during pregnancy.
The variability of hydrostatic hepatic vein and ascitic fluid pressures and of plasma and ascitic fluid colloid osmotic (oncotic) pressures was assessed during hepatic venous catheterization by repeated measurements on different days and at different locations in patients with cirrhosis of the liver. Furthermore, calculation of oncotic pressure from protein determinations was compared to the directly measured value of plasma and ascitic fluid samples. Repeated measurements of hydrostatic pressure in the same hepatic vein within 15 min showed a standard deviation (SD) below 1 mmHg. The variation in hydrostatic hepatic vein pressures, pressure differences and ascitic fluid pressures (when measured at different locations within the liver and peritoneal space during a single examination) was 1.5, 1.0 and 1.0 mmHg (SD), respectively. When measured on different days, the variation of hydrostatic hepatic vein pressures, pressure differences and ascitic fluid pressures was 2.5, 1.6 and 1.3 mmHg (SD), respectively. Repeated measurements of oncotic pressure on the same plasma sample varied 0.3 and 0.6 mmHg (SD) when measured on the same day and a subsequent day, respectively. The variation in plasma and ascitic fluid oncotic pressure, when measured on samples obtained on different days, was 2.0 and 0.6 mmHg, respectively. The error of oncotic pressure calculated from protein determinations was 2.9 and 1.3 mmHg (SD) for plasma and ascitic fluid, respectively. It is concluded that measurements during catheterization give a good reproducibility in determination of the hydrostatic pressures in hepatic vein and ascitic fluid and of the colloid osmotic (oncotic) pressure in plasma and ascitic fluid in the resting supine patient with cirrhosis, which substantiates the use of measurements during a short period as representative for the patients long-time level.
Red blood cell Mg was measured in 351 blood donors of known HLA antigens. The level of red cell Mg is significantly lower in subjects bearing an HLA-Bw35 allele (P < 0.001). It also varies according to the HLA-Bw4 and Bw6 antigens of the subjects tested. These two effects seem to be independent of one another. These findings confirm the role played by genetic factors in the control of human red blood cell Mg concentrations. They are discussed in the light of the relationship between HLA groups and diseases.
Three aliquots of pooled serum containing theophylline and disguised as patient specimens were sent, one at a time, on different days, to 29 community hospital and referral laboratories serving Iowa. The mean +/- SEM concentration of 65 replications for the same serum pool was 15.7 +/- 0.1 microgram/ml. Twenty-eight per cent of the 85 measurements reported by the clinical laboratories were outside the acceptable range of 13.2 to 18.1 microgram/ml established by the 95% confidence limits of the assayed pool. Reliability of the results was not related to the type of facility, method of measurement, or fee charged. Therefore, variation in clinical laboratory performance was a result of technician error in handling or analyzing the specimens. We conclude that measurements of serum theophylline can only be relied on to adjust dosage when the accuracy of the laboratory has been established with blinded samples.
In 114 male subjects cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations in plasma after overnight fasting were followed up during 12 weeks. About one third of the individuals showed pronounced day to day variations of their cholesterol or/and triglyceride levels. Considerable intraindividual variability was moreover found for HDL cholesterol. Plasma lipid instability was more frequent in hyperlipemics and in subjects with low HDL cholesterol than in normolipemics. It was tried to level out the fluctuations by a beta blocking agent. Propranolol was used and proved to reduce the fluctuations of total cholesterol. However, at the same time the concentrations of triglycerides were increased and those of HDL cholesterol decreased. Practical consequences of both the fluctuating plasma lipid concentrations and the propranolol effects are stressed.
To determine whether the elevation of serum haptoglobin (Hp) elicited by many tumors is associated with properties of the tumor, Hp levels were determined during successive passages of two transplantable fibrosarcomas and two leukemia lines in syngeneic mice. Characteristic and unique profiles were elicited by each of the four tumors and were reproducible in each of three successive transplant generations. The Hp profiles elicited by EL4 leukemia cells were similar in allogeneic and syngeneic mice, except that the Hp maxima were greater in the allogeneic mice. Preimmunization with EL4 cells or pretreatment with immune serum or spleen cells obliterated the Hp response normally elicited by EL4 cells in allogeneic mice. These results suggest that the Hp response elicited by a tumor is associated with transmissible characteristics of the tumor.
Twenty-six patients with severe pain associated with cancer were entered into a study where they were required to take morphine mixture for 7 days. Prior to this, their morphine dose had been optimised to provide the most favourable balance between pain relief and side effects. After 6 days of taking their optimised morphine dose at 4-hourly intervals, the patients were admitted to the Pain Management Unit such that the doses from 18:00 h on day 6 were taken under direct nursing supervision. Frequent blood samples were collected after the 10:00 h (dose 1), 14:00 h (dose 2) and 18:00 h (dose 3) on day 7. There was a significant difference between the 3 doses with respect to Cmax values for morphine with dose 3 > dose 1 > dose 2. Further, there was considerable variability in the percentage change of either dose 1 or dose 3 Cmax values relative to dose 2. The Cmax values of the active metabolite morphine-6-glucuronide (M6G), measured in 6 of the patients, for the 3 dosing intervals followed a similar trend to the parent drug, but only doses 1 and 2 differed significantly. Similar but less pronounced changes were observed in the area-under-curve parameter calculated for both morphine and M6G during the 3 dosing intervals. There were no significant differences in the Cmin or Tmax parameters for either morphine or M6G between the 3 dosing intervals. These results suggest intra-individual variation in the absorption of morphine or changes in the volume of distribution during the day.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Ethanol disposition was evaluated in 77 female and 97 male college seniors during an alcohol challenge study. All were regular drinkers who exceeded legal intoxication levels at least twice a month by history. A standard ethanol dose (females, 0.43 g/kg; males, 0.51 g/kg) was administered over 10 min, after a 4-hr fast, and breath alcohol concentrations (BrACs) were measured for 2 hr. Intersubject variability in BrACs was greatest early in the study, during ethanol absorption; the coefficient of variation decreased from 39% at 14 min to 14% at 125 min after the start of drinking. The time to peak BrAC varied from 10 to 91 min after the start of drinking (mean 39.6 min). Mean BrACs were significantly lower in females than males; mean peak BrACs were 0.054 g/210 liters in females and 0.058 g/210 liters in males (p = 0.031). The beta- and r-values for both genders were higher than those typically used in ethanol dose calculation formulas. Data are discussed to direct future research. The constants used in Widmark's formula need to be revised differentially for males and females in this population to reach specific target BrACs. Furthermore, substantial variability in absorption rates must be accounted for when assessing rising versus falling limb BrAC phenomena.
To resolve some of the controversy regarding insulin regulation of blood flow, we performed in 20 normal subjects a) a reproducibility study of plethysmographic, Doppler ultrasound and laser Doppler blood flow measurements (n = 7), b) a sequential insulin dose-response study with measurement of forearm (plethysmography), leg (Doppler ultrasound) and skin (laser Doppler) blood flow (n = 12), and c) a sequential insulin dose-response study with comparison of forearm (plethysmography) and calf (plethysmography) blood flow (n = 8). We also searched for factors which might explain the interindividual variation in the blood flow response to insulin. During sequential insulin infusions (2 h each, 61 +/- 2, 139 +/- 6, 462 +/- 15 mU/l), forearm blood flow increased by 17 +/- 6, 50 +/- 14 and 113 +/- 17% (p < 0.05 or less between steps), respectively. The increase at the 61 +/- 2 mU/l insulin concentration barely exceeded methodological variation (13 +/- 2%). In contrast to the continuous increase in blood flow, the glucose arterio venous difference reached its maximum (1.7 +/- 0.2 mmol/l) at the lowest 61 +/- 2 mU/l insulin concentration and remained constant thereafter. Forearm and calf blood flow responses to insulin were virtually identical when determined with plethysmography. In contrast, only a 27% increase was detected in femoral flow index as determined by Doppler ultrasound. Forearm blood flow (per forearm volume) was highly correlated with the relative forearm muscle content (mean 59 +/- 5%, range 24-81%) both basally (r = 0.86, p < 0.001, n = 12) and at all insulin concentrations (r = 0.85-0.92, p < 0.001) indicating that the percent of forearm that is muscle explains 70-85% of interindividual variation in blood flow. In conclusion 1) physiological insulin concentrations stimulate glucose uptake mainly by increasing glucose extraction while supraphysiological insulin concentrations increase forearm glucose uptake predominantly via increases in blood flow. 2) The dose-response characteristics of insulin stimulation of forearm and calf blood flow are similar when determined with strain-gauge plethysmography. 3) Relative forearm muscle content is a key factor in determining both basal forearm blood flow and the interindividual variation in its response to insulin in normal subjects.
Examination of the serotonin metabolite, 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA), in the urine of psychiatry patients has generally not been used because the reliability of urinary 5-HIAA levels has been questioned. Thirty-seven generalized anxiety disordered patients collected two consecutive urines for measurement of 5-HIAA. The correlation of the 5-HIAA collections was r = 0.82, p = 0.0001.
Consistency and reproducibility of serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA) measurement are essential in the application of this analyte to early detection or screening programs. In the present investigation, we sought to compare serum PSA levels determined by the IMx assay (Abbott Laboratories, North Chicago, IL) and the Tandem E (Hybritech Inc., San Diego, CA) to determine whether there were differences. Two hundred twenty-eight random sera from our archival bank were investigated. One hundred-eight specimens were in the Tandem range of 2.0-10.0 ng/ml, and prostatic histology was known based on either systematic sector needle biopsy or transurethral resection. PSA was measured with three different lost of the IMx and Tandem assays. Over the entire range, there was a good correlation (r2 = 0.985); however, in the more useful clinical range of 2.0-10.0 ng/ml, the correlation was reduced to 0.923; in the 2.0-6.0 ng/ml range, it was further reduced to 0.852. The slope for the entire range was 0.948; however, in the 2.0- to 10.0-ng/ml range, it was 0.894; in the 2.0- to 6.0-ng/ml range, the slope was 0.815. Using PSA cutoffs of 4.0, 5.0, and 6.0 ng/ml, significant decrease in abnormal PSA values in men with cancer was observed with the IMx compared with Tandem. These data suggest that the IMx and the Tandem PSA assays are not equivalent, and in most patients a lower value is realized with the IMx assay. This bias appears to be greater in men with prostate cancer. Clinicians must be aware which assay their patients are being tested with, and laboratory technicians should run internal standards to ensure lack of significant intralot variability and consistency over time.
The 24-h urine of 75 C57 BL/6J mice injected s.c. with 0.5 mg/kg arsenic as sodium arsenite were examined for creatinine, S-adenosylmethionine (SAM), urea and inorganic arsenic metabolites including inorganic arsenic (ASi), monomethylarsonic acid (MMA) and dimethylarsinic acid (DMA). There was interindividual variability of about a 10-fold range in the 24-h urinary excretion of creatinine (80-642 micrograms/24 h, variability (cv) of 33%), SAM (7.5-67.2 micrograms/24 h, cv of 38%), urea (9.5-89.7 mg/24 h, cv of 36%), ASi (0.1-1.6 microgram/24 h, cv of 48%), MMA (0.17-2.1 micrograms/24 h, cv of 50%), DMA (0.73-8.13 micrograms/24 h, cv of 32%) and total arsenic metabolites (1.0-10.4 micrograms/24 h, cv of 31%). Interindividual differences, varying by as much as 5-7-fold, were also found in the urinary proportion of ASi (3-23%, cv of 41%) and MMA (5-22%, cv of 37%), but not in the urinary proportion of DMA (64-90%, cv of 7%). The 24-h urinary excretion of all arsenic metabolites correlated with the 24-h urinary excretion of urea (r = 0.81), creatinine (r = 0.88) and SAM (r = 0.83) as did the 24-h urinary excretion of urea with creatinine (r = 0.94) and SAM (r = 0.86), and the 24-h urinary excretion of creatinine with SAM (r = 0.94). Taken together, these results suggest that the overall intracellular glutathione (GSH)-dependent redox state, as reflected by the 24-h urinary excretion of SAM and creatinine, is involved in the interindividual variability in total arsenic metabolite excretion by C57 BL/6J mice. These preliminary results were also discussed with regard to the involvement of intracellular GSH-dependent redox state in the regulation of the reduction and of the methylation steps of arsenic, and to interindividual variability in the urinary excretion of total arsenic metabolites as a possible complicating factor in the biological monitoring of occupational exposure to arsenic.
Measurements were made of cardiovascular variables and oral temperature in 16 male subjects with homozygous sickle cell disease (SS) and in 17 matched controls (AA) at 10.00 a.m., 1.00 p.m. and 4.00 p.m. All subjects were in a rested state throughout. At 10.00 a.m., mean arterial pressure was lower, while heart rate, total forearm blood flow and cutaneous red cell flux in the forearm were higher in SS than AA. Vascular resistance in total forearm and forearm skin, calculated by dividing arterial pressure by blood flow or red cell flux, were lower in SS but hand cutaneous red cell flux and vascular resistance were not significantly different in SS and AA. In both SS and AA, there were parallel increases over the three sessions, in mean arterial pressure (by approximately 12 and 10%, respectively) forearm vascular resistance (by approximately 17 and 27%) and hand cutaneous vascular resistance and hand cutaneous resistance (by approximately 2240 and 350%) whereas forearm blood flow and hand cutaneous red cell flux fell. By contrast, forearm cutaneous resistance showed no change during the day in SS, but increased progressively in AA (by approximately 75%). These results indicate that, during the day, there is progressive vasoconstriction in forearm muscle and hand skin in SS and AA and also in forearm skin of AA that contributes to a progressive rise in the resting level of mean arterial pressure. We suggest this daily variability should be considered in studies of cardiovascular function: within a given study they should be performed at the same time of day.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the intrasubject reliability and repeatability of the blood glucose response to prolonged exercise in adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) when pre-exercise meal, exercise, and insulin regimens are kept constant. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Nine IDDM adolescent boys with diabetes duration of 9.7 +/- 4.8 years participated in two testing sessions 5-17 days apart. Carbohydrate intake, subcutaneous insulin injections, exercise bouts, and their timing were identical in both sessions. Exercise started 1 h after breakfast and consisted of six 10-min cycling bouts at moderate intensity (heart rate 145-150 beats/min), separated by 5-min rest periods. During rest periods, blood samples for glucose were taken and a supplemental carbohydrate beverage was consumed. Subjects were asked periodically to guess their own blood glucose levels. RESULTS: Intersession plasma glucose levels for each time period from the start of exercise to the end of the final recovery period were unchanged between sessions (P > 0.05) and highly correlated (r = 0.88 to r = 0.96, P < 0.01). The intraclass correlation for plasma glucose was 0.95. Decreases in plasma glucose from the start of exercise to the end of exercise were, at most 5 mmol/l, and intersession decreases did not differ significantly (P > 0.05). One subject experienced hypoglycemia. The decrease in plasma glucose did not differ significantly between fair and poor glycemic control (glycosylated hemoglobin < or = 10% and > 10%, respectively). Subjects markedly underestimated their blood glucose levels when they were high, but their guesses were closer to the measured values at lower levels. CONCLUSIONS: --Intersession observations demonstrated that the intrasubject blood glucose responses to prolonged moderate-intensity exercise were reliable and repeatable when pre-exercise meal, exercise, and insulin, regimens were kept constant. This is an important finding for implementing and evaluating educational strategies for improving the metabolic control associated with prolonged exercise, as well as for future research on means for preventing exercise-induced hypoglycemia. 
The frequencies of chromosome aberrations and micronuclei were evaluated to assess the induction of adaptive response to low dose ionizing radiation in each of the blood samples collected from eight different individuals. Following stimulation with phytohemagglutinin, the cells were exposed to an adaptive dose of 1 cGy X-radiation at 24 hours and a challenge dose of 150 cGy gamma radiation at 48 hours. Lymphocytes were fixed at 54 hours to examine the incidence of chromosome aberrations and at 72 hours to examine the frequency of micronuclei in cytokinesis-blocked binucleated cells. Lymphocytes from five donors, i.e., "responders", exhibited the induction of adaptive response; their lymphocytes, which were pre-treated with 1 cGy had significantly fewer chromosome aberrations and micronuclei induced by the challenge dose of 150 cGy gamma radiation, as compared to the cells which did not receive the pre-treatment with 1 cGy. Such an induction of adaptive response was not observed in the remaining three donors, i.e., "non-responders"; the incidence of chromosome aberrations and micronuclei induced by the challenge dose of 150 cGy was not significantly different between the cells which were pre-exposed and un-exposed to 1 cGy. In all eight individuals, there was a strong positive correlation between the incidence of chromosome aberrations and micronuclei. Hence, whether or not an individual is a 'responder' or 'non-responder' could be assessed using either chromosome aberrations or micronuclei as the end-point. The overall pattern of response confirms the heterogeneity in adaptive response between individuals to ionizing radiation, which may in part be genetically controlled. Because of the simplicity of the technique and rapid assessment of the binucleated cells, we suggest the use of the micronucleus test as an alternative procedure in large scale population studies related to the adaptive response.
The objective of this study was to establish the interobserver reliability for superior mesenteric artery (SMA) and renal artery (RA) Doppler blood flow velocity (BFV) measurements in neonates. Forty-two clinically stable infants were enrolled, mean (SD) gestational age 33 (2) weeks, birthweight 2.00 (0.54) kg, postnatal age 10 (11) days. Doppler recordings were made by two trained observers. The SMA and RA were studied with a 5.0-MHz phased array transducer. The optimal spectral trace from each artery containing a minimum of five consecutive waveforms was analysed. The peak systolic velocity (PS), end diastolic velocity (ED) and mean peak velocity (MV) were measured and the time-averaged mean velocity (TAV) and waveform indices were calculated. Using the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) the estimates of interobserver reliability for different measurements varied from 0.40 to 0.83. Substantial agreement was obtained between observers in the TAV, PS, ED and MV; the ICC varied from 0.72 to 0.83 demonstrating that Doppler BFV measurements of the SMA and RA are reliable in neonates.
Faecal egg counts, peripheral blood eosinophil counts and plasma pepsinogen concentrations were monitored during 2 successive, deliberate infections in 24 Scottish Blackface sheep. For all 3 techniques, the repeatability of replicate counts or of measurements made at short intervals were high which suggests that all 3 assays were reliable. Within an infection the repeatability of different samples from the same animal decreased as the interval between samples increased. The repeatability between infections was only moderate for faecal egg counts but high for peripheral eosinophil counts and plasma pepsinogen concentrations. Of the 3 variables, faecal egg count was the most strongly associated with the worm burden. Together, the three variables accounted for, in a statistical sense, one half of the variation in worm burden. The three variables, if measured concurrently, should provide a more effective identification of resistant and susceptible lambs.
In addition to industrial sources, benzene is present in the environment as a component of cigarette smoke and automobile emissions. Toxicity of benzene most likely results from oxidative metabolism of benzene to reactive products. However, susceptibility to these toxic effects may be related to a balance between activation (phase I) and detoxication (phase II) reactions. In the present study, we have estimated kinetic parameters of the two major detoxication reactions for benzene metabolites--phenol sulfation and hydroquinone glucuronidation--in liver subcellular fractions from 10 humans, and single samples from mice and rats. The extent of oxidative metabolism of benzene by these liver samples has been reported previously. Here, initial rates of phenol sulfation varied 3-fold (range 0.309-0.919 nmol/mg protein/min) among human samples. Measured rates were faster in rats (1.195 nmol/mg protein/min) than in mice (0.458 nmol/mg protein/min). Initial rates of hydroquinone glucuronidation by human samples also varied 3-fold (range 0.101-0.281 nmol/mg protein/min). Hydroquinone glucuronidation was more rapid by mouse microsomes (0.218 nmol/mg protein/min) than by rat microsomes (0.077 nmol/mg protein/min). To integrate interindividual differences in various enzyme activities, a physiological compartmental model was developed that incorporates rates of both conjugation reactions and oxidation reactions. Model equations were solved for steady-state concentrations of phenol and hydroquinone attained in human, mouse and rat blood during continuous exposure to benzene (0.01 microM in blood). Among the 10 human subjects, steady-state concentrations of phenol varied 6-fold (range 0.38-2.17 nM) and steady-state concentrations of hydroquinone varied 5-fold (range 6.66-31.44 nM). Predicted steady-state concentrations of phenol were higher in mice compared with rats (2.28 and 0.83 nM respectively). Likewise, higher steady-state concentrations of hydroquinone were predicted in mice than in rats (42.44 and 17.99 nM respectively). Predicted steady-state concentrations of phenol and hydroquinone in mice were higher than predictions for the 10 human subjects, whereas predicted concentrations for rats fell among the human values. As such, our results underscore the importance of considering the balance between activation and detoxication reactions in the elimination of toxicants. Model simulations suggest that both phase I and phase II pathways influence the relative risk from exposure to benzene.
Intra- and interobserver reproducibility of Doppler measurements of the pulsatility index (PI) and time-averaged maximum velocity (TAMXV) in the uterine and ovarian arteries were evaluated in examinations of healthy premenopausal women. Each woman underwent reproducibility measurements once in the late follicular phase and once in the midluteal phase. Intraobserver repeatability was assessed in examinations of 12 women, three replicate Doppler measurements being made by one observer in the same vessel. Interobserver agreement was assessed by comparing the results of Doppler measurements made by two investigators in 11 women. The intraclass correlation coefficient (Intra-CC) was 0.78 for the TAMXV in the dominant uterine artery in the follicular phase and 0.82 for the PI in the wall of the dominant follicle. For all other measurements the Intra-CC was < 0.75, indicating poor reproducibility. The interclass correlation coefficient (Inter-CC) was > 0.75 (0.79 to 0.88) for the PI and TAMXV in the dominant uterine artery in the follicular phase and for the PI of both uterine arteries in the luteal phase. For all other measurements the Inter-CC was < 0.75.
We examined short-term and long-term repeatability (reliability) of the fatty acid (FA) composition of plasma phospholipids and cholesterol esters (CEs). For short-term reliability, fasting blood samples of 34 subjects were collected three times, 2 wk apart, and in 24 subjects duplicate samples were collected during each visit. For long-term reliability, two fasting samples were collected in 50 subjects approximately 3 y apart. In both phospholipids and CEs, short-term and long-term reliability coefficients were > 0.65 for the major plasma FAs (16:0, 18:0, 18:2n-6, and 20:4n-6), with the exception of 18:1n-9, but were generally lower for FAs that compose < 1% of total FAs. Reliability tended to be better for CEs than for phospholipids. Method variability was small (< 5% of total variability for most FAs), indicating that biological and dietary variability contribute most to total variability. Plasma FA measurement warrants consideration as a biochemical marker of diet in epidemiologic studies.
A dimorphic MspI RFLP (alleles M1 and M2) in an Alu unit 528 base pairs downstream from the apolipoprotein A-II gene on chromosome 1 was investigated for associations with dyslipoproteinaemia or coronary atherosclerosis. No significant differences were observed between the allele frequencies in healthy random controls (M2 = 0.850, n = 70) and patients with primary hypertriglyceridaemia (M2 = 0.846, n = 52) or severe coronary atherosclerosis (M2 = 0.819, n = 47). The apolipoprotein A-II gene may also contribute to the regulation of plasma levels or composition of HDL in response to environmental changes. To study the effect upon apolipoprotein A-II variability, 42 monozygotic twin pairs were genotyped for the MspI RFLP. Pairs with the genotype M2M2 (n = 28) had significantly smaller within-pair differences in plasma apolipoprotein A-II levels (2.2 vs 5.8 mg/dl, P < 0.02; Mann-Whitney) than those with other genotypes (n = 14). The M2 allele may be in linkage disequilibrium with a functional mutation that restricts the variability of plasma apolipoprotein A-II in response to environmental conditions. This provides a new example of a 'variability' gene, one of an important group of loci which may alter responses to hypolipidaemic therapy and cardiovascular risk.
Zinc absorption may be estimated by measuring the area under the plasma zinc curve following the ingestion of a zinc supplement. The aim of this study is to determine the reproducibility of such a response when a small dose of zinc is administered to healthy volunteers. Five female subjects were asked to consume 4.5 mg elemental zinc, and blood samples were obtained at 30 min intervals for 5 h. The experiment was repeated in the same volunteers 12-16 d later. The area under the plasma zinc curve was 30% lower after the second zinc tolerance test compared with the first (11.0 vs 15.8 mumol/l h). This difference could not be explained by differences in the fasting plasma zinc levels (12.9 mumol/L Experiment one, 15.1 mumol/L Experiment 2) nor was it related to technical or clinical parameters. The area under the curve after 5 h was strongly correlated with the response after 4 h. Hence we conclude that a small dose of zinc can be used to determine zinc absorption and a shorter experimental period may be used. However, trials must be designed to take into account the sequence variability in the response.
OBJECTIVES: To evaluate a spectrophotometric field kit (Test-Mate-OP) for repeatability and validity in comparison with reference laboratory methods and to model its anticipated sensitivity and specificity based on these findings. METHODS: 76 farm workers between the age of 20 and 55, of whom 30 were pesticide applicators exposed to a range of organophosphates in the preceding 10 days, had blood taken for plasma cholinesterase (PCE) and erythrocyte cholinesterase (ECE) measurement by field kit or laboratory methods. Paired blinded duplicate samples were taken from subgroups in the sample to assess repeatability of laboratory and field kit methods. Field kits were also used to test venous blood in one subgroup. The variance obtained for the field kit tests was then applied to two hypothetical scenarios that used published action guidelines to model the kit's sensitivity and specificity. RESULTS: Repeatability for PCE was much poorer and for ECE slightly poorer than that of laboratory measures. A substantial upward bias for field kit ECE relative to laboratory measurements was found. Sensitivity of the kit to a 40% drop in PCE was 67%, whereas that for ECE was 89%. Specificity of the kit with no change in mean of the population was 100% for ECE and 91% for PCE. CONCLUSION: Field kit ECE estimation seems to be sufficiently repeatable for surveillance activities, whereas PCE does not. Repeatability of both tests seems to be too low for use in epidemiological dose-response investigations. Further research is indicated to characterise the upward bias in ECE estimation on the kit. 
The aim of the present study was to look for possible associations between the blood glucose variability and twenty-four clinical parameters in ninety-eight patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus treated with multiple injections of insulin or insulin pumps and practising self-monitoring of blood glucose. The blood glucose variability was measured as the standard deviation of glucose values obtained by self-monitoring at five specified time points every two days for four weeks. The blood glucose variability significantly correlated with the mean blood glucose level (r = 0.48, p = 0.0001) and with the number of hypoglycaemic events (r = 0.31, p = 0.002), but not with HbA1c (r = 0.19, p = 0.07). Significant correlations were also found between glucose variability and patients' variations of insulin dosage (r = 0.31, p = 0.004), duration of diabetes (r = 0.22, p = 0.03), and body-mass index (r = 0.20, p = 0.04). Patients with incipient or clinical nephropathy had more variable blood glucose values, compared with patients without signs of nephropathy (p = 0.03). Other parameters studied, such as other late diabetic complications, the C-peptide level, the insulin dose and the level of insulin-binding to antibodies did not relate significantly to the blood glucose variability.
OBJECTIVES: To investigate changes in postprandial electrogastrography (EGG) from the neurohormonal mechanisms. METHODS: We measured EGG indices [frequency amplitude of normal 3-cpm (EGG-3 cpm)], high frequency amplitude of heart rate variability which has reflected cardiac parasympathetic tone, and several serum immunoreactive (ir)-hormone levels in 12 fasted male volunteers (mean age 25.3 yr). RESULTS: Immediately after the liquid food intake (250 kcal), a transient decrease in EGG-3 cpm frequency (from 0.045 +/- 0.001 Hz to 0.040 +/- 0.001 Hz; p < 0.05) accompanied by an increase in high frequency amplitude (from 31.05 +/- 3.45 ms to 39.10 +/- 4.08 ms; p < 0.05), and a serum immunoreactive gastrin level increase (from 38.72 +/- 4.92 pmol/L to 54.00 +/- 10.45 pmol/L; p < 0.05) and an immunoreactive somatostatin level decrease (from 15.00 +/- 0.43 pmol/L to 13.70 +/- 0.46 pmol/L; p < 0.01) were observed, suggesting vagal excitement. EGG-3 cpm amplitude and serum immunoreactive human pancreatic polypeptide (hPP) levels significantly increased soon after ingestion, and these changes lasted for 30 min. Furthermore, there was a positive correlation between changes in EGG-3 cpm amplitude and those in serum immunoreactive hPP levels during the postprandial periods (r = 0.55, p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Considering the reports that a cholinergic, nonvagal pathway is of major importance in food-stimulated hPP release, the present results suggest that postprandial changes in EGG-3 cpm frequency and amplitude might be a good tool for evaluating not only vagal but also nonvagal cholinergic activity in the human gut. 
The pharmacokinetic variability of moclobemide, a new short half-life reversible selective inhibitor of monoamine oxidase (MAO) was investigated through analysis of concentrations measured during early open clinical use. Eighty-nine depressed patients, aged 21-96 years, were included in the present study. Doses ranged from 200 to 900 mg/day, and the time interval between blood sampling and last drug intake on the previous day was between 8 and 23 h. Intraindividual variability was generally moderate, with a few patients displaying consistently high concentrations despite moderate doses. Interindividual variability for measured concentrations was approximately 300-fold. After concentration decrease with time was taken into account (average half-life estimate of 4.6 h), age was identified as a major factor responsible for between-patient variability. Average concentration increase per decade of age was 38%. Neither gender, weight, height, smoking, nor alcohol intake explained a significant additional part of the variance. Analysis of residuals also suggested that phenytoin co-medication may induce moclobemide metabolism. The present study indicates that concentration monitoring of a newly marketed drug can contribute to gaining insight into its pharmacokinetic behavior and to enhancing its rational use in clinical practice.
Metabolic control and blood glucose variability in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) during and after puberty were studied. Seventy-two children (43M, 29F), aged 10-19 years, with a 2-16-year duration of IDDM participated in the study. Fourteen of the patients were prepubertal (Tanner stage 1), 27 pubertal (Tanner 2-4) and 31 postpubertal (Tanner 5). They performed self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) five times daily, every 2 days for 4 weeks. The SD (SDbg) for all values in each patient was calculated as a measure of blood glucose variability. Weight-length index, linear growth velocity and Tanner stage were recorded. Hemoglobin (Hb)A1c, alkaline phosphatase and sex hormone levels in serum were analyzed. Subjectively experienced hypoglycemic episodes were recorded. HbA1c levels showed no relation to Tanner stage. SDbg was lower in stage 5 than in stages 2-4 (p = 0.02). There was no significant correlation between HbA1c and SDbg, but the variability was significantly lower in individuals with mean blood glucose in the lower quartile compared with those in the upper three quartiles (p < 0.001). Alkaline phosphatase concentration, as a measure of growth velocity, was the main independent determinant of SDbg (r = 0.35, p < 0.005). There was an inverse correlation between levels of sex hormones and SDbg. We conclude that blood glucose variability is lower after than during puberty. This variability seems to be related to linear growth velocity or its biochemical marker.
OBJECTIVE: Bedside monitoring of circulating blood volume has become possible with the introduction of an integrated fiberoptic monitoring system that calculates blood volume from the changes in blood concentration of indocyanine green dye 4 mins after injection. The aim of this investigation was to compare the blood volume estimate of the integrated fiberoptic monitoring system (group 1) with the standard methods of blood volume measurement using Evans blue (group 2), and indocyanine green measured photometrically (group 3). DESIGN: Prospective laboratory study. SETTING: Animal laboratory of a University's institute for experimental surgery. SUBJECTS: Eleven anesthetized, paralyzed, and mechanically ventilated piglets. INTERVENTIONS: A central venous catheter was used for the injection of the indicator dyes (Evans blue and indocyanine green). A fiberoptic thermistor catheter was advanced into the thoracic aorta. The fiberoptic catheter detects indocyanine green by reflection densitometry for the estimation of blood volume of the integrated fiberoptic monitoring system. Samples for the determination of Evans blue and indocyanine green concentrations were drawn from an arterial catheter in the femoral artery over a period of 17 mins after injection. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Measurements were performed during normovolemia, hypovolemia (blood withdrawal of < or = 30 mL/kg), and hypervolemia (retransfusion of the withdrawn blood plus an infusion of 10% hydroxyethyl starch [45 mL/kg]). Linear regression, correlation, and bias were calculated for the comparison of the blood volume estimates by the fiberoptic monitoring system (group 1) vs. the total blood volume estimates using Evans blue (group 2) and indocyanine green (group 3): group 1 = 0.82.group 2-26 mL; r2 = 82.71%; r = .91; n = 40; group 1-group 2 +/- 1 SD = -435 +/- 368 mL; group 1 = 0.79.group 3 + 50 mL; r2 = 74.81%; r = .87; n = 28; group 1-group 3 +/- 1 SD = -506 +/- 374 mL. CONCLUSIONS: The results demonstrate that the blood volume estimate of the fiberoptic monitoring system (group 1) correlates closely with the total blood volume measurement using Evans blue (group 2) and indocyanine green (group 3). Trapped indicator in the packed red cell column after centrifugation of the blood samples may account for an overestimation of group 2 and group 3 of approximately 10% to 14%, but there still remains a proportional difference of 10% between group 1 vs. group 2 and vs. group 3. This difference is due to the longer mixing times of group 3 (16 mins) and group 2 (17 mins), during which they are distributed in slowly exchanging blood pools. It seems that the blood volume estimate of the fiberoptic monitoring system (group 1) represents the actively circulating blood volume and may be useful for bedside monitoring. 
Biological markers of internal dose and macromolecular dose from PAHs provide a potential means of assessing environmental exposure to PAHs through inhalation, ingestion and percutaneous absorption. In this study we examined the time course and interindividual variation of 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide (1-OHP-gluc) excretion in urine and PAH-DNA adduct formation in peripheral white blood cells (WBCs) after charbroiled (CB) beef consumption. As a marker of internal dose, 1-OHP-gluc was measured in human urine using immunoaffinity chromatography and synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy. PAH-DNA adducts were measured in WBCs by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) in order to assess macromolecular dose. Ten healthy non-smoking males consumed identical amounts of CB beef on five consecutive days. Multiple blood and urine samples were collected before, during, and after the feeding period. The morning after the first day of CB beef consumption, individual urinary concentrations of 1-OHP-gluc increased 10- to 80-fold (range: 2.0-16.6 pmol/ml urine) above pre-feed baseline concentrations (0.23 +/- 0.11 pmol/ml) in the 10 subjects. 1-OHP-gluc concentration decreased to near baseline levels by 24-72 h after CB beef consumption ended. In contrast, PAH-DNA adducts in WBCs increased markedly in only four of 10 subjects during or after CB beef consumption. Significant interindividual variation was observed for both urinary 1-OHP-gluc concentration (P < 0.001 by Kruskal-Wallis) and PAH-DNA adduct levels (P < 0.005) during the feeding period. The mean urinary 1-OHP-gluc concentration for each subject during and immediately after (days 2-8) the feeding period was significantly correlated with their mean PAH-DNA adduct level in WBCs during the same time period (Spearman r = 0.79, P < 0.01). Evidence of segregation of the subjects into separate response groups based on level of urinary 1-OHP-gluc was observed, suggesting that discrete determinants may regulate the absorption, metabolism and/or excretion of ingested pyrene.
PURPOSE: To investigate variability of choriocapillaris blood flow patterns. METHODS: After the intravenous injection of indocyanine green, angiograms were recorded at 30 images per second in rhesus monkey eyes using a fundus camera equipped with a pulsed laser diode light source, synchronized with a gated (5 msec), intensified charge-coupled device, or CCD, video camera. Images of choriocapillaris filling alone were extracted. Plastic corrosion casts were made of two of the monkey's choroidal vasculatures for subsequent scanning electron microscopy examination. RESULTS: Pulsed laser indocyanine green fluorescence excitation produced better definition of choriocapillaris filling than had been achieved using continuous illumination. No correlation was found between the choriocapillaris plexus architecture revealed by the plastic corrosion casts and the observed choriocapillaris lobular filling. Overall posterior pole choriocapillaris dye-filling patterns were relatively stable for periods of days, but they changed gradually for periods of weeks. Localized minor pattern changes occurred on a much shorter time scale. Choriocapillaris filling patterns were altered by acutely elevating intraocular pressure, by O2 and CO2 breathing, and by argon laser retinal photocoagulation of adjacent areas. CONCLUSIONS: Choriocapillaris filling patterns appear to be determined by the network of perfusion pressure gradients that exist among the interspersed feeding arterioles and draining venules connected to the choriocapillaris plexus. Changes in intraocular pressure and in blood PO2 and PCO2 levels can produce marked changes in the distribution of choriocapillaris blood flow. Retinal laser photocoagulation of adjacent fundus areas alters choriocapillaris blood flow to the extent that the altered flow might be an important factor in the beneficial results attributed to retinal laser treatment. 
Reliability of the simple 20 minute whole blood clotting test (WBCT20) as an indicator of low plasma fibrinogen concentration in patients envenomed by Bothrops snakes. Toxicon 32, 1045-1050, 1994.--A simple whole blood clotting test (WBCT20) was assessed for its efficacy in determination of severe defibrinogenation in patients envenomed by Bothrops snakes in Brazil. There was a close relationship between the results of the WBCT20 and plasma fibrinogen levels in 69 moderately envenomed patients. The advantage of the WBCT20 over estimation of plasma fibrinogen concentrations in patients is that it is a simpler, faster and more reliable test. It is also of use in assessing the effectiveness of antivenom therapy in relation to the restoration of blood coagulability.
The mean normal prothrombin time (MNPT) based on the fresh plasma of 20 healthy individuals is the recommended way to derive a normal value for the prothrombin ratio. This is generally believed to give a reasonable representation of the normal in the local population, but there may be difficulty in obtaining a good representative sample in some centres. The alternative of a uniform lyophilized 'normal' plasma has been suggested. The comparative value of a widely used commercial 'normal' plasma and the MNPT has been assessed in an international study at 37 centres. Two common thromboplastins were tested using the local coagulometer methods. The variability of the results and their relative performance in local thromboplastin calibration to derive the International Sensitivity Index (ISI) were assessed. The reliability of the two types of normal in local system ISI calibration with different lyophilized plasma calibrants has also been tested. When the lyophilized 'normal' was substituted for the MNPT in ISI determination no appreciable difference in the degree of correction for coagulometers effects on International Normalized Ratios was found.
Molecular clones of HIV-1 were obtained from isolates cultured from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) and directly from uncultured PBMCs from a laboratory worker accidentally infected with the HIV-1 laboratory strain, HIV-1(HTLV-IIIB). Envelope sequences corresponding to the first 752 amino acids of HIV-1(HTLV-IIIB) clone BH10 were obtained from clones of cultured virus and sequenced. Three env clones obtained shortly after infection differed among themselves at only seven nucleotide positions, resulting in one amino acid substitution and one frameshift mutation. These envelope sequences were as similar to the envelope sequences of various IIIB clones as the latter were to each other. env divergence increased over the course of infection. However, the overall diversity in env clones obtained two or more years after infection was still comparable to that among IIIB env clones from the original IIIB culture. Multiple clones of partial env gene sequences containing the V3 loop were also obtained directly from uncultured PBMCs by polymerase chain reaction amplification. The env sequences of these clones were generally similar to those of the cultured viruses. Within the V3 region, the earliest isolates retained the sequence of the HXB2 clone from IIIB. Clones obtained later showed a progressive divergence in V3. An A-to-T substitution within the GPGRAF sequence at the tip of the V3 loop was observed within 1 year after infection, and this mutation predominated in all subsequent isolates. Antibodies against the V3 loops of IIIB and divergent 1987 and 1990 LW isolates appeared simultaneously in laboratory worker serum and persisted with no significant differences in titer. Furthermore, neutralization studies with autologous sequential sera suggested selection for the A-to-T change in V3 was not due to V3-directed antibodies. These results demonstrate a surprising homogeneity among env sequences of HIV-1 from an infected laboratory worker, perhaps because the initial infection originated from a relatively homogeneous population of tissue culture-adapted virus.
A prevailing opinion is that glutathione disulfide (GSSG) levels in human blood are very low, but many studies have reported variable results. Therefore, our objective was to determine valid processing conditions for GSSG measurement and apply them to normal human blood samples. Reproducibility and stability of GSSG were demonstrated in acid extracts of a single sample of fresh whole blood by repetitive measurements during a 6-h period in which the %CVs were < 10. In contrast, in normal subjects tested repeatedly over several years, GSSG values ranging from < 2 to 166 nmol per 10(10) red blood cells were obtained and the overall %CV was 46. Lower GSSG values were obtained in hemolysates and ultrafiltrates. Thus, these results indicate that blood GSSG concentrations differ due to biological variation using optimal processing conditions.
OBJECTIVES: To study the impact of the variability of blood cholesterol levels, which are known to vary spontaneously. The impact of this variability on screening for hypercholesterolemia according to National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) guidelines was reviewed in a private pediatric practice. DESIGN: Retrospective chart review. SETTING: Private pediatric practice. PATIENTS: Children (N = 646) aged 3 to 19 years. INTERVENTION: Cholesterol measurements at a mean interval of 19 months between visits. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Year-to-year change in cholesterol levels according to NCEP guidelines, regression to the mean, age, pubertal status, body mass index, hematocrit, interval between measurements, and season of the year were assessed for their contribution to cholesterol level variability. RESULTS: Cholesterol level varied significantly with both age (P < .001) and pubertal status (P < .01) with children aged 9 to 12 years; prepubertal children had the highest levels. Visit-to-visit consistency of NCEP classification was poorer for younger children than for older children (kappa = 0.21 for 3- to 6-year-olds, 0.39 for 6- to 10-year-olds, and 0.44 for those older than 10 years). Of children with initial total cholesterol levels of 5.17 mmol/L (200 mg/dL) or greater, only 40% continued to have high levels at follow-up. A child with an initial cholesterol value of 5.17 mmol/L (200 mg/dL) showed an average decline of 0.34 mmol/L (13 mg/dL) at follow-up by regression analysis. CONCLUSION: Year-to-year variability in total cholesterol level has a significant impact on the stability of NCEP classification. 
Clinically relevant interassay precision profiles for thyrotropin (thyroid-stimulating hormone; TSH) were constructed with human serum pools measured over 4-8 weeks by six immunometric assays, in at least two different reagent lots. Functional sensitivities (the concentration at which the interassay CV is < or = 20%) were determined in four to eight clinical laboratories plus the respective manufacturer's laboratory. These studies revealed that the manufacturer's stated functional sensitivity limit is rarely duplicated in clinical practice. Loss of specificity (indicated by artifactually high values) was seen with some methods when used to measure certain unrefrigerated low-TSH sera. Measurement of TSH in four human serum pools (TSH < 0.05-0.25 mIU/L) by 16 different methods (each in at least eight UK or US laboratories) showed that some methods could not reliably distinguish subnormal from normal TSH values. Better pool rankings and fewer misclassifications of low-TSH sera as "normal" were seen with use of assays capable of "third-generation" functional sensitivity (0.01-0.02 mIU/L) than with assays with "second-generation" functional sensitivity (0.1-0.2 mIU/L). Because inter- and intramethod differences in functional sensitivity negatively impact the diagnostic accuracy and cost-effectiveness of a TSH-centered thyroid-testing strategy, laboratories should independently establish an assay's functional sensitivity by a clinically relevant protocol. Moreover, manufacturers should assess functional sensitivity more realistically and improve the robustness of assays to ensure that their performance potential is consistently met in clinical practice.
OBJECTIVE: There are large variations in the circulating concentrations of thyroglobulin. The purpose of this study was to explore the possibility of a genetic basis for the variability of serum concentration of thyroglobulin (Tg) in euthyroid individuals. DESIGN: The serum concentration of thyroglobulin (Tg) varies several-fold in euthyroid individuals. Other circulating proteins also show wide normal ranges of concentration and these variations have been shown to have a genetic as well as an environmental basis. To explore the possibility of a genetic basis for variability in serum Tg levels, an analysis was made of serum Tg levels in 44 pairs of identical twins and 66 nuclear families who were euthyroid and thyroid autoantibody negative (thereby eliminating subclinical autoimmune thyroid disease and Tg autoantibody interference with the Tg assay). RESULTS: Each pair of identical twins tended to have a similar Tg level and the overall correlation was highly significant (r = 0.734, P < 0.001). There was no relation between Tg and TSH levels in the twins (r = 0.119; P = 0.366). Segregation analysis of the 66 families showed that where both parents had Tg levels above the overall median for the subjects (males, 19 micrograms/l; females, 33 micrograms/l), 73% of the offspring also had concentrations above these levels, compared with 30% of the offspring when one parent had a high Tg level and only 16% in families where neither parent had a high Tg level. CONCLUSIONS: Complex segregation analysis using the computer program Pointer suggested that variability in Tg levels was the result of a major dominant-like gene effect (accounting for 80% of the variability) combined with a multifactorial component. Thyroglobulin, a template for thyroid hormone production, is also a major thyroid autoantigen and inherited variations in serum Tg levels may have implications for the pathogenesis of autoimmune thyroid disease. 
An electron-capture negative-ion chemical ionization gas chromatographic-mass spectrometric assay for mefloquine, an antimalarial drug used in the treatment of drug-resistant Plasmodium falciparum malaria, is described. The method, developed in support of bioavailability studies involving the co-administration of different tableted formulations of the drug and an aqueous solution of its 13C3-labeled analog, enables quantification of both dosage forms. Quantitative analysis of extracted plasma samples was performed on the O-tert.-butyldimethylsilyl (t-BDMS) derivative of the drug by selected-ion monitoring, using a VG Trio 2000 quadrupole mass spectrometer and monitoring the [M-t-BDMSOH]-. ions of the analytes. The method, incorporating [2H6]mefloquine as an internal standard, demonstrated good accuracy and precision over the 1-200 ng ml-1 range, with correlation coefficients greater than 0.990 for all standard curves and a detection level of 50 fg on-column. Replicate analysis of plasma samples over a 90-day period exhibited a mean intra-day and inter-day variation of less than 4.5% and 5.5%, respectively. The high stability and sensitivity of the assay, combined with the inherent selectivity of mass spectrometric detection, make the method well-suited for such studies.
We studied the influence of selected genetic markers on the intra-individual long-term variability in serum lipid levels. The study cohort consisted of a sub-sample from a large follow-up study of atherosclerosis precursors in children and young adults. A total of 320 subjects had determinations of apo B XbaI RFLP genotypes, 305 subjects had apo AI/CIII SstI RFLP genotype determinations and 1581 subjects had their apo E phenotypes determined. Complete data on serum lipids were available at 3-year intervals over a 6-year follow-up period. The subjects were healthy and aged 3-18 years at baseline. Intra-individual variability was assessed with a nested analysis of variance procedure. Each of the genetic markers studied here significantly affected intra-individual variability of serum lipid levels. No clear sex influence was observed, although the differences in variability tended to be more significant in males. Apo B XbaI genotypes significantly influenced intra-individual variability of total and LDL-cholesterol levels in both sexes. A marked effect of the XbaI genotype was also found on triglyceride variability. In males the standardized intra-individual triglyceride variances were 0.71 and 0.34 in genotypes X1X1 and X2X2, respectively (p < 0.001), with a clear gene dosage effect. The apo AI/CIII genotype had an influence only on the variability of total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol levels and only in males. The apo E phenotypes were associated with intra-individual variability in total and LDL-cholesterol levels but again, only in males.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
OBJECTIVE: To examine the comparability of two forms of self-report of behaviours associated with recurrent urinary tract infection (UTI), using questionnaire estimations and diary recordings. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: A group of 26 women (mean age 36.5 years, SD 9.57) with recurrent UTI and a group of 25 comparison women (mean age 36.7 years, SD 8.82) were recruited. Behavioural factors were measured by questionnaire and diary-keeping. RESULTS: Questionnaire estimations appeared to be reliable for some behaviours associated with UTI. Significant errors in estimating fluid intake were noted. CONCLUSION: For research and clinical purposes, estimations of fluid intake using immediate self-report (e.g. questionnaires) should not be assumed to be reliable indications of true consumption. Suggestions are made for future research. 
Prospective population studies have established that fibrinogen is an independent predictor for ischemic heart disease and stroke. These study conclusions have prompted recommendations that fibrinogen determinations be included in the cardiovascular risk profile. The routine availability of fibrinogen measurements may result in widespread screening prior to establishing the validity of a single fibrinogen level as an accurate descriptor for individual subjects. The objectives of this study were to describe the methodological and intraindividual components of variability in fibrinogen measurements determined by using the Clauss method; to establish the usefulness of a single fibrinogen measurement on risk stratification and retest reproducibility; and to determine the influence of intraindividual fibrinogen variability on sample size estimates. Fibrinogen levels were measured by a modification of the Clauss method. Three cohorts of apparently healthy, nonsmoking volunteers were recruited. The single-day intra-individual component of fibrinogen variability was determined in 39 subjects. For the 5-day intraindividual component of fibrinogen variability, 32 subjects were recruited, and in the 6-week intraindividual study, 28 subjects were included. The coefficient of variation for the methodological component of fibrinogen variability was 5.8% as determined from batch analyses, but the intraindividual coefficient of variation for replicate measures on a single day was 10.7%. The 5-day intraindividual coefficient of variation was 14.2%, and for the 6-week period it was 17.8%. Based on the 6-week data, an average of four fibrinogen measures is required to reduce misclassification error to less than 10%. Sample size estimates were made based on predetermined levels of statistical power and the 6-week intraindividual and interindividual variability estimates.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The concept of a weighted pool for estimating the area under the curve (AUC) is presented and set in relationship to the trapezoidal rule. An example from a pharmacokinetic study on ethinyl estradiol is used to demonstrate the use of variance component analysis for relating the intraindividual variance of the AUC, trapezoidal rule and weighted pool to the variance of the determination process. Depending on the sampling times, the theoretical variance of the weighted pool is greater than the theoretical variance of the trapezoidal rule. In the example presented, it was shown that this difference is of no importance in relation to the interindividual variance of the AUC, which dominates the total variance. In the example study, routine quality control samples were also determined in each assay, which allowed independent confirmation of the discussed results on the intraindividual variance of the AUCs.
The aim of this study was to construct two instruments by which detailed knowledge of women's problems related to stress urinary incontinence (SUI) could be registered, and to test the reproducibility of the results obtained. Fourteen women with urodynamically proven SUI, and a mean age of 42.8 years (range 18-56) participated in the study. The leakage index was a five point scale (1 = never, 5 = always) containing thirteen types of physical exertions known to trigger urinary leakage. The social activity index contains nine social settings in which women may have problems to participate. For each parameter a 10 cm visual analogue scale (0 = impossible to participate, 10 = no problem to participate) was used for registration. The correlation coefficient for test 1 and 2 was .92 (p < 0.01) and .94 (p < 0.01) for the leakage and the social activity index, respectively. The results obtained were reproducible, and the instruments gave detailed information about how women perceived SUI.
Plasma apolipoprotein (apo) A-IV concentration was determined by immunoelectrophoretic assay (EIA) in 119 nuclear families. No significant effect of concomitants such as age, weight, height, body mass index, tobacco, and alcohol consumption was observed on apo A-IV levels in men and in boys. In women, contraceptive use and hormonal status affected apo A-IV levels. In girls, only age influenced the quantitative phenotype. After adjusting by specific concomitants significant correlations were observed between apo A-IV levels and triglycerides, apolipoprotein A-I and apo B levels, suggesting a role of apolipoprotein A-IV in the hepatic lipid metabolism. Intrafamilial correlations were estimated to investigate the plausibility of a common family factor. The results obtained in this study showed a significant correlation between family members with the exception of mother-daughter pairs. Using a variance components model, the contribution of genetic and environmental factors was then investigated. Different statistical models were used and two major hypotheses were statistically acceptable: the first hypothesis supports that shared and specific environmental factors explain 35 and 65%, respectively, of the total adjusted plasma apo A-IV variation. The fraction of apo A-IV variability attributable to genetic factors was null. The second hypothesis supports that the fraction of variability attributable to apo A-IV genetic variation is 67% and the common spouse environmental factors are responsible for 33% of the total variability and no specific environmental effect was found. Among the two hypotheses, taking account of the metabolism function, we support the first one without excluding gene-environment interactions which could mask the genetic influence.
Urine uric acid-to-urine creatinine ratios (UUA:UC), urine uric acid concentrations, urine uric acid concentrations corrected for glomerular filtration rate, and urinary uric acid fractional excretions were compared with 24-hour urinary uric acid excretions measured in 6 healthy adult female Beagles. Comparisons, using correlation analysis, were made when dogs consumed a 10.4% protein (dry weight), casein-based diet and a 31.4% protein (dry weight), meat-based diet. The UUA:UC, urine uric acid concentrations corrected for glomerular filtration rate, and urinary uric acid fractional excretions were not reliable estimates of 24-hour urinary uric acid excretions during consumption of either diet. Urine uric acid concentrations in samples collected 2, 4, 6, and 24 hours after initiation of collection correlated with 24-hour urinary uric acid excretions when dogs consumed the casein-based diet; correlation was not found at any time interval when dogs consumed the meat-based diet. Therefore, determination of 24-hour urinary uric acid excretion is recommended because UUA:UC are unreliable.
The spontaneous variability of arterial blood gas and pH values (ABGs) was examined in a group of 28 typical stable medical ICU patients under a variety of ventilatory conditions. In each patient, 13 ABG specimens were measured at 5-min intervals during a 1-h study period using a new bedside, extravascular fluorescent blood gas monitor. For all patients, the mean coefficient of variation (C) was 6.1 percent for PO2 and 4.7 percent for PCO2. The average SD for pH was 0.012. We conclude that the spontaneous variability for ABG values over a 1-h period is substantial and that this variability should be taken into account when making clinical decisions based on ABG values.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the extent to which the biological potential of transitional cell neoplasms can be predicted by histological grading of the primary tumour in a two grade system using simple histological criteria and to evaluate the additional value of grading when combined with other prognostic factors. The inter-observer variability of the World Health Organization grading and the two grade system was tested. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study included 311 patients with newly diagnosed transitional cell carcinoma of the urinary bladder. Two-hundred and fifty-six patients (82.3%) were men and 55 (17.7%) were women. Age ranged from 17 to 92 years with a mean of 66 years. The median follow-up was 38 months, with a maximum of 150 months (mean 46.2 months). RESULTS: A simplified grading system was developed in which only low-grade and high-grade tumours were distinguished. Reproducibility of this grading system was good to excellent with a group kappa value of 0.78. The survival of patients with low-grade tumours was significantly better than that of patients with high-grade tumours (P < 0.0001). The progression-free interval was also significantly longer in patients with low-grade tumours than in patients with high-grade tumours (P = 0.0032). Combining low-high grading, histological stage, mitotic index and age, histological stage appeared to be the most important parameter in predicting survival and progression. CONCLUSION: A reproducible and discriminating system such as this low-high grade system is an important prognostic factor when stage cannot be established with certainty. 
Laser doppler flowmeters were used to measure blood flow in the skin of the forehead and volar surface of the forearm of infants at 2-9 days of age, and at 8-12 weeks of age. At both ages mean skin blood flow was higher during active sleep compared to quiet sleep. In infants up to 9 days of age, mean skin blood flow was higher in forehead skin compared to forearm skin. Skin blood flow was highly variable at both recording sites, and was significantly higher and more variable during active compared to quiet sleep in the forehead, but not in the forearm. The results indicate that recordings of skin blood flow over at least two cycles of active and quiet sleep are needed to describe the normal variation with sleep state. The factors which regulate forehead and forearm skin blood flows may differ in importance between the two sites, perhaps reflecting the different thermoregulatory importance of cutaneous blood flow in the forehead and forearm.
Concentration-dilution of spot urine samples is a shortcoming of the biological monitoring of industrial xenobiotics. To ascertain whether the adjustment of urinary cadmium measured in spot samples is appropriate, urine samples were taken three times, once a week for 3 successive weeks, from 25 welders employed in the manufacture of jewelry (total 75 samples). Cadmium, creatinine, specific gravity, total urinary solutes, urinary volume and urinary flow rate were measured in 12-h collections and in spot samples taken immediately afterwards. Creatinine and total urinary solutes showed high inverse correlation with urinary flow rate (r = -0.858 and r = -0.768 respectively). Urinary cadmium displayed a similar trend but the correlation was not significant (r = -0.145). Creatinine adjustment of urinary cadmium values in spot samples increased the correlation with the same index in timed samples adjusted for urinary volume (r = -0.808) or urinary flow rate (r = 0.821) compared with non-adjustment (r = 0.732 and r = 0.738, respectively). Creatinine adjustment of spot sample values is also suitable for a wide range of urinary concentrations; discarding excessively diluted or concentrated urines, correlation of urine samples improved for non-adjusted or specific gravity-adjusted values, whereas no changes were observed for creatinine-adjusted values.
In a retrospective study it was possible to show that of 110 cases with operative delivery, performed due to suspicious or pathological fetal blood acidity findings, 93.6% were justified. A pre-pathological or pathological umbilical cord artery pH of < 7.25 was taken as the basis for correct clinical management ("true" positive cases). There was a clear relationship between the pH of the umbilical artery blood and the clinical state of depression in the newborn. This study shows that, with the help of combined fetal supervision using cardiotocography (CTG) as a screening method and fetal blood analysis (FBA) as a method of differentiation, early stages of threatened fetal acidosis can be reliably detected without having too high a rate of operative deliveries, which must inevitably result when continuous CTG supervision is used on its own. Obstetricians should therefore try to prevent severe acidosis combined with a corresponding clinical state of depression of the newborn. This requires the use of modern monitoring (CTG and FBA) and prompt clinical measures (tocolysis or termination of labor) when the pH levels are reduced or are apparently falling.
OBJECTIVES: To assess whether exercise induced suppression of heart rate variability in the low frequency domain (0.06-0.15 Hz) is related to the increase in circulating catecholamine concentrations. DESIGN: Randomised crossover trial of three exercise tests characterised by different workloads. Pharmacological simulation of exercise-induced changes in vagal and sympathetic activity. PARTICIPANTS: Six healthy men with a mean age of 31.2 (SD 3.0) years. INTERVENTIONS: Three different workloads of steady state cycling ergometry: control state without cycling, cycling at a target heart rate of 100 beats/min, and cycling at a target heart rate of 150 beats/min. Intravenous infusion of atropine (target heart rate 100 beats/min) followed by the additional infusion of adrenaline and noradrenaline. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fast Fourier analysis of heart rate variability; blood pressure; and venous plasma concentrations of lactate, adrenaline, and noradrenaline. RESULTS: During the control exercise period there were no changes in the assessed variables compared with the preceding resting period. During exercise at a heart rate of 100 beats/min systolic blood pressure increased and heart rate variability decreased. During exercise at a heart rate of 150 beats/min systolic blood pressure and lactate, adrenaline, and noradrenaline concentrations increased. In addition, low frequency (LF) was lower than during exercise at 100 beats/min, high frequency (HF 0.15-0.80 Hz) resembled that during exercise at 100 beats/min, and diastolic blood pressure was reduced. Infusion of atropine caused no changes in blood pressure or plasma concentrations of lactate, adrenaline, and noradrenaline and decreased heart rate variability. The additional infusion of adrenaline and noradrenaline completely suppressed heart rate variability and increased blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: The reduction in LF and HF during exercise at a heart rate of 100 beats/min, which is not characterised by increased plasma catecholamine concentrations, and during atropine infusion suggests that heart rate variability in the supine state is largely influenced by vagal activity. The additional reduction in LF during exercise at 150 beats/min and during catecholamine infusion may reflect a negative feedback of circulating catecholamines on the sympathetic control of heart rate. 
OBJECTIVES: Vascular beds vary in their responses to atrial natriuretic peptide and sodium nitroprusside. Both of these agents dilate blood vessels by increasing intracellular guanosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphate (cyclic-GMP) but activate different enzymes in the vascular smooth muscle cell. We aimed to determine if the response of intracellular cyclic-GMP to atrial natriuretic peptide and sodium nitroprusside varies in smooth muscle cells cultured from different vascular beds. DESIGN: Prospective, repeated measures analysis of concentration-response curves. SETTING: Anesthesia research laboratory of an academic medical center. SUBJECTS: Guinea pigs: Cultured guinea pig smooth muscle cells were obtained from three different blood vessels. INTERVENTIONS: None. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Intracellular cyclic-GMP was measured by radioimmunoassay and concentration-response curves of cyclic-GMP to atrial natriuretic peptide and sodium nitroprusside were determined. Cells from the thoracic aorta were the most responsive to atrial natriuretic peptide. Atrial natriuretic peptide (1 microM) increased cyclic-GMP concentrations to 72 +/- 5 pmol/mg (20-fold increase) with a 50% effective concentration of 3 nM. The concentration-response curve in epicardial coronary smooth muscle cells was to the right with an 50% effective concentration for atrial natriuretic peptide of 20 nM and a maximum response of a ten-fold increase in cyclic-GMP. Coronary resistance vessel cells were unresponsive to atrial natriuretic peptide. In response to sodium nitroprusside, the concentration-response curve in coronary resistance vessel cells was significantly to the left of either thoracic aorta cells or the epicardial coronary cells. The 50% effective concentration for sodium nitroprusside in coronary resistance vessel smooth muscle cells was approximately 1 microM, while in both thoracic aortic cells and epicardial coronary cells, the 50% effective concentration was ten times higher. Coronary resistance cells were the most responsive with a 62-fold increase in cyclic-GMP in response to 1 mM of sodium nitroprusside. The maximum response in thoracic aorta cells and epicardial cells was 20- and 30-fold, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Smooth muscle cells respond differently to vasodilators. The response of these cultured cells mimics the response of the intact vascular bed from which they were obtained. These findings suggest that phenotypic properties of smooth muscle cells within a blood vessel contribute to the responsiveness of the vessel. 
The speed of macular capillary blood flow can be estimated by using the blue field entoptic phenomenon. The technique uses a matching task in which the subject matches what is seen entoptically with a computer simulation of the phenomenon. In this study, we tested the repeatability of the leukocyte speed results obtained using this technique. Fourteen young subjects were tested on five different occasions. Group mean leukocyte speed did not vary significantly from one recording session to the next. However, readings for individuals varied substantially from one recording session to the next. This variability limits the usefulness of this technique for screening or monitoring macular blood flow in individuals.
The use of D2O as an NMR visible tracer to monitor murine tumour blood flow (TBF) by both the wash-in and wash-out methods has been investigated. The factors that influence the models used to fit the data and the error on the measurement of the clearance and uptake rates have been assessed. The study concentrates on the uptake method which allows TBF to be measured without the need to use anaesthetic. Also, administering the D2O remotely to the mouse means it can remain undisturbed, in the magnet bore, between control and post-treatment readings. The uptake method in KHT and RIF-1 transplanted murine tumours has been investigated in a series of control experiments and after modifying TBF by hydralazine (5 mg/kg) and photodynamic therapy. These studies showed that four uptake measurements could be made on the same mouse at 20 min intervals without affecting TBF, control values were the same for anaesthetized and unanaesthetized mice and the values obtained for RIF-1 tumours were marginally higher than those obtained for the KHT tumours. The decrease in TBF seen after modification was in good agreement with published data where TBF results were obtained by using D2O clearance, radioactive tracers or laser Doppler flowmetry.
Serum human growth hormone (hGH) levels were measured with three different commercial kits, comprising a radioimmunoassay (RIA) (bioMrieux, Marcy-l'Etoile, France, 'bmpoly') and two immunoradiometric assays (IRMA) (bioMrieux, 'bmmono', and CIS bioInternational, Gif-sur-Yvette, France, 'cismono'). Samples were collected after various stimulation tests [arginine-insulin, growth hormone-releasing hormone (GHRH), L-dopa and glucagon-beta-axolol] from children who were undergoing evaluation for short stature. Values obtained with the IRMAs were consistently lower than those obtained with the RIA. Furthermore, the cismono/bmmono and cismono/bmpoly values ratios were always significantly higher when samples were collected during GHRH stimulation than during the other stimulation tests. These data indicate that GHRH could induce a particular form of hGH molecule (in nature or in amount), recognized by the monoclonal antibodies in the cismono kit and that a specific form of hGH may be released by GHRH stimulation.
OBJECTIVES: This study was designed to examine the relation of the Poincar plot heart rate variability pattern to sympathetic nervous system activity as assessed by serum norepinephrine. BACKGROUND: Poincar plots demonstrate a complexity of beat to beat behavior not readily detected by other heart rate variability measures. Previous studies have described two abnormal Poincar patterns in patients with heart failure: a torpedo pattern with reduced beat to beat variability and a complex pattern with clustering of points. METHODS: To assess the relation of these plots to sympathetic activity, plasma norepinephrine at rest and a standard deviation measure of heart rate variability were analyzed in 21 patients with heart failure (mean left ventricular ejection fraction [+/- SD] 0.22 +/- 0.05). RESULTS: Eleven subjects had a torpedo-shaped and 10 subjects had a complex Poincar plot pattern. These two groups did not differ significantly in age, functional class, disease etiology, left ventricular ejection fraction, heart rate, ventricular ectopic activity or in a standard deviation measure of heart rate variability. However, patients with a complex Poincar plot pattern had higher norepinephrine levels (722 +/- 373 pg/ml) than patients with torpedo-shaped plots (309 +/- 134 pg/ml) (p = 0.003). Patients with a complex pattern also had more severe hemodynamic decompensation, as evidenced by their higher levels of pulmonary capillary wedge and mean pulmonary artery pressures and lower values for cardiac index than those of patients with a torpedo-shaped plot. CONCLUSIONS: Complex Poincar plots are associated with marked sympathetic activation and may provide additional prognostic information and insight into autonomic alterations and sudden cardiac death in patients with heart failure. 
Estradiol (E2) circulates in the blood in three states: unbound (U-E2), bound to sex-hormone binding globulin (SHBG-E2), and bound to albumin. There is evidence to support the concept that only U-E2 and albumin-bound E2, are bioavailable (i.e., rapidly extracted by tissues). A case-control study nested within a large cohort of women, in which we are examining the effect of estrogens on breast cancer risk, offered the opportunity to assess the reliability of measurements of E2, the percentage of SHBG-E2, and the percentage of U-E2 based on multiple annual serum specimens. Long-term (1-2 year) reliability, as estimated by the intraclass correlation coefficient, was assessed in a subgroup of 71 premenopausal and 77 postmenopausal controls for whom two or three serum specimens were assayed. In postmenopausal women the intraclass correlation coefficient for a single measurement of total E2 was only 0.51. As for the percentage of SHBG-E2, intraclass correlation coefficients were 0.83 and 0.94, and for U-E2, 0.72 and 0.77 in the premenopausal and postmenopausal groups, respectively. These data suggest that, whereas single determinations of total E2 are insufficient to reliably estimate a woman's true mean level, a single measurement of the percentage of SHBG-E2 or U-E2 is adequate to assess bioavailability of E2 in an epidemiological study, irrespective of day of the menstrual cycle.
We conducted several studies to assess the ability of laboratories to reproducibly measure plasma levels of estrone, estradiol, percent free estradiol, sex hormone binding globulin, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, androstenedione, testosterone, progesterone, follicle-stimulating hormone, and prolactin in postmenopausal women. We sent four to seven replicate samples of plasma to each of four well-established endocrine laboratories in the United States on one or two separate occasions. All replicate samples were handled identically during processing, storage, and retrieval, and were labeled to preclude their identification by the receiving laboratory. The within-person coefficient of variation, a measure of laboratory error, was consistently low (< 15%) for follicle-stimulating hormone and prolactin. For estrone and estradiol, hormones present at low levels in postmenopausal women, the laboratory error was often large (> 25%) and the ratio of between-person variation to laboratory error was often less than 2.0. Reproducibility of androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, testosterone, progesterone, sex hormone binding globulin, and percent free estradiol was also variable. Our results emphasize the need for evaluating laboratory performance before sending samples for hormone analysis and for increased collaboration between epidemiologists and laboratory investigators in improving hormone measurements for use in epidemiological research.
Protection from contamination by potentially infectious fluids is an increasingly important aspect of hospital safety programs. Technical personnel in clinical laboratories may handle numerous samples of human blood and other fluids daily, and to protect themselves against exposure to bloodborne pathogens they routinely wear laboratory coats. We studied the effectiveness of six disposable (polypropylene; either spun-bond or spun-bond/melt-blown/spun-bond construction) and four reusable (polyester-cotton) laboratory coats in preventing blood passage. Fabrics (1018 samples) were tested at six time durations (1 s-5 min) and five pressures [1.7-13.8 kPa (0.25-2.0 psi)]. A standard spray test used to evaluate resistance to wetting showed that reusable coats were less repellent than disposables (P < 0.05). Pressure testing showed that reusable and spun-bond coats allowed greater blood passage than the spun-bond/melt-blown/spun-bond. Laboratory coats should be chosen that have sufficient resistance to blood or other body fluid passage for the task performed and for the period of time used.
The concentrations of morphine and codeine were investigated in hair from the head, axillary and pubic regions obtained from 20 fatal heroin cases. Hair preparation involves decontamination procedure in dichloromethane at 37 degrees C for 15 min, solubilization in sodium hydroxide at 100 degrees C for 5 min, neutralization with hydrochloric acid and centrifugation. After extraction in chloroform/isopropanol/n-heptane (50:17:33; v/v) at pH 9.2, drugs were derivatized with BSTFA + 1% TMCS and separated on a 12-m BP-5 capillary column. Quantification was done by GC/MS using selected ion monitoring. The highest morphine concentrations were found in public hair (0.80-41.34 ng/mg), followed by hair of the head (0.62-27.10 ng/mg), and axillary hair (0.40-24.20 ng/mg). Codeine was also detected in all samples, and the codeine/morphine ratios ranged from 0.54 to 0.273. The differences observed in drug concentration in the three kinds of hair are discussed in the light of the existing literature.
BACKGROUND: Histopathologic, prognosis-related grading of malignancy by means of morphologic examination in transitional cell carcinomas of the urinary bladder (TCC) may be subject to observer variation, resulting in a reduced level of reproducibility. This may confound comparisons of treatment results. Using objective, unbiased stereologic techniques and ordinary histomorphometry, such problems may be solved. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: A study of 110 patients with papillary or solid transitional cell carcinomas of the urinary bladder in stage Ta through T4 was carried out, addressing reproducibility of both qualitative and quantitative grading methods. Grading of malignancy was performed by one observer in Japan (using the World Health Organization scheme), and by two observers in Denmark (using the Bergkvist system). A "translation" between the systems, grade for grade, and kappa statistics were used in evaluating the reproducibility. Unbiased estimates of nuclear mean volume, nuclear mean profile area, nuclear volume fraction, nuclear profile density index, and mitotic profile density index were obtained twice in 55 of the studied cases by one observer in Japan and one in Denmark, using a random, systematic sampling scheme. RESULTS: The results were compared by bivariate correlation analyses and Kendall's tau. The international interobserver reproducibility of qualitative gradings was rather poor (kappa = 0.51), especially for grade 2 tumors (kappa = 0.28). Likewise, the interobserver agreement on the Bergkvist scheme was poor (kappa = 0.43). On the other hand was the interobserver agreement on invasion high (kappa = 0.75). The intraobserver reproducibility of the quantitative histopathologic variables was excellent in both Japan and Denmark for estimates of nuclear mean volume (r = 0.93), for nuclear mean profile area (0.78 < r < 0.83), and for nuclear profile density index (0.85 < r < 0.89), whereas the reproducibility for nuclear volume fraction was somewhat poorer (0.68 < r < 0.64). The slopes of the correlation lines were not significantly different from unity. Estimates of mitotic profile density index also showed acceptable intraobserver reproducibility (Kendall's tau > 0.53). CONCLUSIONS: The international, interobserver reproducibility of the quantitative estimators yielded similar results for all histopathologic variables investigated, except for nuclear volume fraction (r = 0.54). This can probably be related to the manual design of the sampling scheme and may be solved by introducing a motorized object stage in the systematic selection of fields of vision for quantitative measurements. However, the nuclear mean size estimators are unaffected by such sampling variability. The results obtained in this study stress the need for objective, quantitative histopathologic techniques substituting qualitative, subjective methods in prognosis-related grading of malignancy. 
1. Eight healthy adult males underwent three sustained isometric contractions at 30% of maximal voluntary contraction for 3 min, within a 9 day period. 2. The study focuses on the inter-individual and day-to-day intra-individual variability of cardiovascular and plasma noradrenaline responses to sustained isometric contraction. 3. The results of this study indicate that inter-individual variability is generally greater than intra-individual variability. Diastolic blood pressure was the most sensitive as well as the least variable cardiovascular parameter measured. 4. The variability of plasma noradrenaline levels in both the basal and the stimulated state was high. The present study suggests that it is preferable to determine the 'true' noradrenaline peak after the release of handgrip, as this is associated with a lower variability than the plasma noradrenaline peak taken at the time of the release of handgrip.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the long-term reproducibility of pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic, and concentration-effect parameters after intravenous administration of temazepam. METHODS: Nine healthy volunteers were studied. Temazepam, 0.4 mg/kg, was infused intravenously for 30 minutes on two occasions 6 months apart. Venous plasma concentrations of temazepam were measured by HPLC in samples obtained between 0 and 24 hours. Pharmacodynamic effects were evaluated up to 8 hours for saccadic peak velocity and electroencephalogram (EEG) beta amplitudes. Subjects' state and trait anxiety were assessed by use of the Spielberger anxiety inventory. RESULTS: Significant correlations between occasions were found for area under the plasma concentration-time curve (AUC) values (r = 0.91; p < 0.01) but not for maximum concentration and half-life. Significant correlations were also found for area under the effect-time curve (AUEC) values of peak velocity (r = 0.88; p < 0.01) but not for peak velocity (r = 0.48; p > 0.05). Significant differences between the slopes of concentration effect plots on different occasions were observed in two subjects for EEG beta and in three subjects for peak velocity, with one subject showing a similar change for both parameters. Trait anxiety scores were higher on the first occasion (33 +/- 7) than on the second occasion (29 +/- 7; p < 0.01). A negative correlation was found between trait anxiety scores and the slopes of concentration-effect plots for peak velocity (r = -0.63; p < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: For AUC and AUEC values the results indicate a reasonable long-term reproducibility of differences between subjects in the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of temazepam. However, there were limitations to the predictive value of derived concentration-effect parameters. 
We studied the reliability of Hickman catheter (HC) blood for the determination of activation markers of coagulation and fibrinolysis in 14 patients with hematological malignancies. 10 of 22 HC samples were contaminated with heparin, probably as a consequence of our institutional antithrombotic catheter care, and withdrawn from statistical analysis. Prothrombin activation fragment F1.2, thrombin-antithrombin III complexes, soluble fibrin, degradation products of fibrinogen and fibrin, total degradation products, alpha 2-antiplasmin and antithrombin III levels withdrawn from Hickman catheters did not differ significantly from peripheral venous blood samples. Fibrinogen levels were slightly but significantly higher in peripheral venous blood samples. We conclude that Hickman catheter blood gives reliable results for the determination of activation markers of coagulation and fibrinolysis in patients with hematological malignancies, but may be less useful in clinical practice due to frequent heparin contamination.
Gas chromatographic-mass spectrometric (GC-MS) analysis for benzoylecgonine (BE), a metabolite of cocaine, requires an initial extraction from urine. Although liquid-liquid extraction methods are frequently used, solid-phase extraction (SPE) may be preferable for obtaining reliable results and clean chromatograms. We describe a 12-month study that evaluates the accuracy, precision, variability between analysts, variability between column lots, and cleanliness of BE extracts using SPE columns followed by GC-MS analysis. The overall mean for a control urine sample prepared at 150 ng/mL is 151 ng/mL (N = 293) with a standard deviation of 8.59 and a coefficient of variation (CV) of 5.7%. Within-run precision (measured as CV) at 75, 150, and 2000 ng/mL is 4.0, 1.8, and 0.8%, respectively. Mean results from 10 different analysts vary a maximum of 4.6% from the overall mean of 151 ng/mL, and the CV for 9 out of 10 analysts is 7.0% or less. The CV for the remaining analyst is 10.4%. Quantitative results from nine different lots of SPE columns fluctuate 3.3% from the overall mean of 151 ng/mL, and the CV varies from 3.5 to 6.2%. GC-MS chromatograms following SPE are significantly cleaner (i.e., reduced baseline signal and no interfering peaks) than those from two types of liquid-liquid extractions.
The aim of the study described here was to evaluate the standard deviation (SD) as a measure of blood-glucose variability in IDDM patients under 'normal life' conditions. One hundred IDDM patients performed self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) five times every 2 days for 4 weeks. From these records the following measurements were calculated for each patient: the standard deviation of all blood-glucose values (SDBG), the M-value, the percentage of values < 3 and > 15 mmol l-1 (PE), and the mean, absolute difference of consecutive blood-glucose values (MAD), a novel measure of blood-glucose variability, also taking into consideration the succession of the values. Before the study the patients as well as their physicians were asked to estimate the blood-glucose stability of the patient, using a five-category scale of statements. The patients recorded an average of 64 (range: 32-70) SMBG values. The SDBG was normally distributed with a mean of 3.9 +/- 1.0 mmol l-1. There was a highly significant correlation between the SDBG and the other measures of blood-glucose variability (p = 0.0001, r > 0.8). It appeared that the variation of the SMBG values recorded before dinner contributed to the total glucose variability to a great extent. There was a poor agreement between the subjective estimations of the blood-glucose stability made by the patients and the physicians and the objective measures of the blood-glucose variability. It is concluded that the SD provides an accurate and easily available estimate of blood-glucose variability in IDDM patients practising home blood-glucose monitoring.
Prolactin, a hormone indispensable for milk secretion, has been shown to enhance the development and growth of mammary tumors in rodents; however, its importance in human breast cancer is uncertain. Serum prolactin levels are known to fluctuate considerably under normal conditions, and lack of precision in the hormone measurements may have contributed to the largely negative findings in humans to date. The purpose of this study was to investigate the reliability of prolactin measurements in women using stored serum from an ongoing prospective study of breast cancer. Separate groups of postmenopausal and premenopausal women who donated multiple blood samples at approximately 1-year intervals were studied. The reliability of a single log prolactin determination, as measured by the intraclass correlation coefficient, was 0.76 for the postmenopausal women (95% confidence interval, 0.66-0.85) and 0.48 for the premenopausal women (95% confidence interval, 0.31-0.62). These findings suggest that a single measurement is sufficient to characterize the serum prolactin level of postmenopausal women for epidemiological research. For premenopausal women, however, multiple samples are desirable. Controlling for phase of the menstrual cycle does not appear to substantially improve the reliability of premenopausal measurements.
We assessed the reproducibility over a 6-year period of 16 trace elements measured in toenails by comparing levels in paired specimens collected in 1982-1983 and 1988 from 127 women in the United States. The Spearman correlation coefficients for the reproducibility of toenail levels of selenium and arsenic (both known to reflect intake of these elements) were 0.48 and 0.54. Correlations for other elements ranged from 0.26 (copper) to 0.58 (zinc). In utilizing biomarkers to assess exposure in epidemiological studies of cancer and other chronic disease, random within-person variability in exposure leads to attenuation of measures of association between exposure and disease. We demonstrate the effect of such variability on odds ratios from a hypothetical case-control study. For a true odds ratio of 3.0 (for a comparison of the highest quintile versus the remaining 4 quintiles of exposure) the odds ratios which would be observed in the presence of the degree of within-person variability demonstrated in this study were 2.15 for toenail arsenic and 1.67 for toenail copper levels. Toenail concentrations of certain trace elements are useful biomarkers of exposure in which a single sample is assumed to represent long-term exposure. However, substantial attenuation in measures of association may occur.
Serum kinetics of trimethoprim and sulfamethoxazole were studied in 23 patients during oral and i.v. treatment of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia. Daily doses of 15-22 mg/kg trimethoprim and 75-110 mg/kg sulfamethoxazole were given every 6 h. Despite administration of a loading dose of twice the regular dose, serum trough concentrations continuously rose from 12 h to 96 h by 63% for trimethoprim and 102% for sulfamethoxazole. After 4-6 days mean trough concentrations of trimethoprim and sulfamethoxazole were 7.7 +/- 3.0 and 198 +/- 74 mg/l, with individual values of < 4.6 and < 103 mg/l in two patients and > 11.4 and > 307 mg/l in two others. Patients treated orally or i.v. had similar serum levels. However, large interindividual variability was observed despite weight-specific dosing. Administration of a loading dose did not prevent accumulation of serum levels of trimethoprim and sulfamethoxazole over several days of treatment.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the reliability for biochemical and microbiological analysis of urine collection from disposable diapers in elderly women with severe urinary incontinence. DESIGN: Cross-sectional comparison of two methods of collection. PATIENTS AND MEASUREMENTS: Urine was sampled from 52 women inpatients (aged 68-98 years) in a geriatric hospital ward by pressing a diaper which the patient had worn for 3 hours. Just after this collection, another sample was obtained by retrograde catheterization. Both samples were analyzed for sodium, potassium, chloride, proteins, urea, creatinine, calcium, and phosphate and for cell counts, the presence of bacteria, and bacteria culture. RESULTS: For all the biochemical parameters, the urinary concentrations obtained by the two methods were strongly and significantly correlated. The following differences (mean and range, in mmol/L) were found between the values obtained by the two methods: sodium: 6.05 (-26 to 27), potassium: (-16 to 14), chloride: -1.13 (-24 to 23), urea: 6.85 (-33 to 37), creatinine: 0.24 (-0.95 to 1.45), calcium: -0.22 (-1.27 to 1.70), and phosphate: 2.17 (-2.5 to 13.4). For diagnosis of urinary tract infection, agreement between the two methods was good (kappa = 0.84), and bacteriological agreement was obtained in 25 out of 28 cases (89%). However, for diagnosis of microscopic hematuria, agreement was poor (kappa = 0.50), probably due to the overestimation of the true urinary red cell count in the samples collected by catheterization. CONCLUSION: For routine microbiological and biochemical analysis, urine extraction from disposable diapers is a simple and reasonably reliable method of sampling urine from elderly women with severe incontinence. 
As a basis for assessment of the clinical validity of urinary GH (uGH) measurements in children, the day-to-day variability in renal handling of GH has been compared with that of albumin, N-acetylglucosaminidase (NAG) and creatinine. Five overnight urine specimens were collected over a 2-week period from 78 healthy children (aged 5-16 years), 20 of normal stature and 58 with growth disorders; ten children were classified as GH-deficient (GHD) and 48 were designated short normal (SN). The variability of excretion of each substance was expressed as a coefficient of variation (C.V.) which was not influenced by expressing the urine results as total mass excreted, concentration, excretion rate or as a ratio to creatinine. There was considerable night-to-night variability in the excretion of all substances (mean C.V. values for all groups: 56% for albumin, 41% for GH, 33% for NAG and 27% for creatinine). No differences were found in the variability of GH excretion between males and females, nor between prepubertal and pubertal subjects. The mean C.V. for uGH excretion ranged from 37% in normal and 35% in SN children to 52% in those with GHD (P < 0.05). Assay variation rather than a change in renal protein handling accounted for the large variations in uGH concentrations of < 5 pg/ml, thus contributing to the high uGH C.V. of the GHD group.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to assess the reproducibility and pitfalls of intracoronary and aortic root sonicated albumin injections, using time-intensity curves, in a large sample of normal dogs. BACKGROUND: The utility of a new myocardial contrast echocardiographic agent, sonicated serum albumin (Albunex), is currently under investigation. However, the reproducibility, injection techniques and general pitfalls of this contrast agent have not been well characterized. METHODS: We administered sequential intracoronary and aortic root injections (518 injections) of sonicated albumin in 25 closed chest normal dogs to measure the effectiveness and reproducibility of this product. Time-intensity curves, as a measure of myocardial perfusion, were derived and quantified using an on-line videodensitometric analysis system and two-dimensional echocardiography. Measurements included peak intensity, area under the curve, half-time of descent, alpha-parameter and transit time within a 31- x 31-pixel "region of interest" in the anterior septum. Analyses provided 80% power and a type I error protection of 95%. RESULTS: The best reproducibility of the variables was half-time of descent for aortic root injections (coefficient of variation [CV] 20%) and peak intensity for intracoronary injections (CV 25%), whereas aortic root area under the curve showed the most variability (CV 41%). Analysis of variance for repeated measures of serial intracoronary and aortic root injections showed no significant systematic variability within subjects for the measured variables. In a comparison between intracoronary and aortic root injection sites, paired t tests showed no significant difference for mean values between these two techniques. There was also no statistically significant difference between manual versus power intracoronary injections. Finally, there was no significant difference among three injection rates (1, 2 and 3 ml/s) in paired intracoronary injections, nor was there a difference among injection rates in paired aortic root injections, except for a lower peak intensity with a 1-ml/s injection rate compared with a 2-ml/s injection rate (p = 0.01). Potential pitfalls include preparation of sonicated albumin, delivery techniques and measurement variables. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that the results of serial injections of sonicated albumin show no systemic change or trend in normal dogs. Both intracoronary and aortic root injections at standard injection rates by hand or power injector can be used to quantify time-intensity curves, as measure of myocardial perfusion, with similar variability ranging from 20% to 41%. These results are important in the human model, especially after coronary interventions. 
The influence of drinking and smoking habits on blood lead levels of an urban population was assessed in this study. Lead concentrations were determined in 287 blood samples collected from non-occupationally lead exposed men living in Barcelona, Spain. Blood lead levels significantly increased with the consumption of wine. Although not statistically significant, a similar tendency was also observed for beer drinkers, but not for the consumers of spirits. Slight increases in the blood lead concentrations of smokers were also found. However, because of the significant correlation between heavy smoking and drinking observed in this study, alcohol consumption would probably be responsible for these increases. Wine consumption was the most influential variable (7.72%, P < 0.001) on the blood lead levels of the population examined.
Several studies have shown increased plasma concentrations of neutrophil elastase in complex with alpha 1-protease inhibitor and/or lactoferrin in inflammatory conditions, and serial measurements have been advocated in order to follow disease activity. However, data on the magnitude of the within-subject variation are necessary for evaluation of the significance of changes in results obtained on analysis of serial samples. Within-subject variation of elastase/alpha 1-protease inhibitor complexes and lactoferrin over a short time was studied in six young men who had blood samples drawn every 4 h over 2 days. Within-subject variation over a longer time was investigated in 12 healthy adults, 6 females and 6 males, who had blood samples drawn in the morning once a week for 10 weeks. From five of the females and five of the males, blood samples were also drawn every morning on 5 consecutive days during 1 week. Within-subject variations over hours, days, and weeks were estimated as 0.050, 0.124, and 0.148 for elastase/alpha 1-protease inhibitor complexes and as 0.101, 0.119, and 0.143 for lactoferrin. A tendency towards variation of LAC with menstrual cycle in fertile females was noticed. From within-subject variation, between-subject variation and analytical variation, indices of individuality were calculated as 1.1 and 1.8 for elastase/alpha 1-protease inhibitor complexes and lactoferrin, respectively. This means that within-subject variation for lactoferrin is quite small compared to between-subject variation, and the usefulness of reference limits is very limited, when interpreting results from individual patients. For elastase/alpha 1-protease inhibitor complexes, the use of reference limits might be more appropriate, although still not optimal.
BACKGROUND: Bubble hair is an acquired hair shaft deformity characterized by bubble-like areas in the hair shaft seen with light microscopy and corresponding cavitary defects with scanning electron microscopy. OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to report the fourth case of bubble hair, to demonstrate a cause, and to determine whether the cavities contain gas or liquid. METHODS: Light and scanning electron microscopy were performed. The patient's hair dryer was examined. We applied heat to normal hair of the patient and that of 16 human volunteers. Approximate temperatures for bubble formation were measured. The bubble contents were investigated by applying aqueous and nonaqueous liquids to affected hairs. RESULTS: No person's hair failed to develop bubbles when subjected to sufficient heat. The cause of bubble hair in the patient was an overheating hair dryer. The cavitations contained a gas. CONCLUSION: Bubble hair is a reproducible hair shaft defect caused by heat. The use of overheating hair dryers, or any other hair care equipment that overheats, should be avoided. 
We examined the effects of captopril (an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor) and phosphoramidon (a selective enkephalinase inhibitor) on Tyr-Gly-Gly production during Met-enkephalin hydrolysis in plasma samples taken from individual outbred Swiss-Webster and inbred C57BL/6J and DBA/2J mice. Discriminant analysis procedures identified three distinct plasma profiles of Tyr-Gly-Gly production in all strains of mice: a captopril-sensitive/phosphoramidon-insensitive profile, a captopril-insensitive/phosphoramidon-sensitive profile, and a moderate captopril and phosphoramidon sensitivity profile. The abilities of captopril and phosphoramidon to inhibit Tyr-Gly-Gly production in the same mouse plasma sample were highly inversely correlated (r = -0.938). Plasma of Swiss-Webster mice whose cages and bedding had been changed 24 h prior to sample collection was significantly more likely to exhibit the captopril-sensitive/phosphoramidon-insensitive profile than the plasma of mice whose cages/bedding had not been changed for at least 5 days. The results suggest that environmental novelty may dramatically alter the activity of a plasma dipeptidyl carboxypeptidase system, and thereby regulate behavioral and physiological responses to novel experiences.
We evaluated the reliability (i.e. reproducibility and variability) in measuring regional gastric mucosal blood flow by laser Doppler flowmetry in a total of 32 subjects (12 normal subjects and 20 patients with cirrhosis). The measurements were performed in quadruplicate within 10 min by observer A (A1, A2) and B (B1, B2) using blind techniques. The intraclass correlation coefficient (Ri) was used to assess observer agreement. Overall, the level of intra- (Ri, 0.87 for A1 vs. A2 and 0.87 for B1 vs. B2) and interobserver agreement (0.86 for A vs. B) was excellent. In contrast, there was a higher observer variability assessed by coefficient of variation. Overall, the mean value of coefficient of variation was 12% (max. 35%) for A1 vs. A2, 12% (max. 35%) for B1 vs. B2, and 13% (max. 33%) for A vs. B. These results suggest that laser Doppler flowmetry, although the reproducibility may be clinically acceptable, seems to still be a subjective method for quantitation of gastric mucosal blood flow in humans. Therefore, studies using this method can only be acceptable when the changes that investigators intend to measure are significantly higher than the variability.
In recurrent renal stone-formers (N = 20) and matched healthy adults (N = 20), the actual activity of ionized calcium (alpha Ca2+) and pH were determined in whole urine with an ion-selective electrode. No significant difference was found for the actual median activity of ionized calcium, however the actual median pH was significantly higher in stone-formers compared to healthy adults (pH = 5.57 vs. pH = 5.24; p < 0.005). The relationship between Ca2+ activity and pH was studied in each collected urine by titration with HCl/NaOH. In all urines the Ca2+ activity decreased with increasing pH in a typical bifasic manner. All curves showed a characteristic "breaking point" at a similar median pH in the stone-formers and in the healthy adults (pH = 6.81 vs. pH = 6.77) (NS). However the slope of the curves in the stone-formers and healthy adults changed from a median value of delta lg alpha Ca2+/delta pH of -0.139 and -0.173 (NS) respectively, to a highly significant difference of -1.326 and -1.053 (p < 0.0001) between the groups, indicating increased binding/precipitation of Ca2+ in stone-formers than in healthy adults supporting the theory of the lack of inhibitors in stone-formers. The strong relationship between the activity of ionized calcium and pH, combined with a higher actual pH and a higher decrease of ionized calcium with pH in stone-formers than in healthy adults, indicates hydrogen ion as a major factor in stone-formation. The close relationship between Ca2+ activity and pH indicates the need for simultaneous measurements of the pH in order to interpret data for the Ca2+ activity. In order to preserve a low urinary pH, where Ca2+ is predominantly in a free ionic state, our results suggest that treatment with acidifying salts could be a logical choice in order to prevent stone-formation.
1. Transcranial Doppler measurements of the mean blood flow velocity and the resistance index in the middle cerebral artery are used to assess cerebral haemodynamics. The prerequisite for the use of these parameters in clinical pharmacology studies is an evaluation of their repeatability and spontaneous variation with time. 2. Repeatability of transcranial Doppler measurements of mean blood flow velocity and resistance index was investigated in healthy subjects by calculation of the repeatability coefficient as defined by the British Standards Institution. Intra-observer repeatability (comparison of two successive determinations by one observer, n = 30 subjects), between-observer repeatability (comparison of two successive measurements each performed by a different observer, n = 30) and long-term repeatability (comparison of two determinations performed at the same hour with a 1 week interval by one observer, n = 14) were assessed. In addition, the spontaneous evolution with time of mean blood flow velocity and resistance index was determined over an 8 h period (n = 14). 3. Repeatability coefficients for intra-observer repeatability, between-observer repeatability and long-term repeatability were 4.83, 4.59 and 3.32 cm/s for mean blood flow velocity (normal value = 61.2 +/- 10.2 cm/s) and 2.62, 3.12 and 3.49% for resistance index, respectively (normal value = 53.6 +/- 5.9%), indicating that transcranial Doppler measurements are repeatable enough to be used over periods of time of up to 1 week in clinical pharmacology studies. 4. Finally, a time effect was detected for mean blood flow velocity, indicating that this parameter undergoes diurnal variation.
The blood flow in the femoral condyles of six pigs was measured by the microsphere technique and by laser Doppler flowmetry (LDF) before and after clamping of the external iliac artery. A significant decrease in the bone blood flow was found with both microsphere and LDF measurements, and a high correlation was found between the two methods. After release of the arterial clamp, the LDF values rapidly returned to approximately the same values as before clamping. In a second part of the study, the LDF output signal was studied in the intertrochanteric area of eight patients. The reproducibility of two LDF measurements at the same location was within 15%. The temporal variability of the LDF signal during 10 min of recording showed only slight variations. It is concluded that LDF is relative in nature and that the mean LDF output signal is suitable for monitoring dynamic responses of the bone blood flow to various stimuli. Several consecutive measurements have to be performed if the blood flow at different locations of a specific bone are to be compared with each other.
The reliability of midstream urine culture from circumcised male infants was studied in 60 infants aged 1 to 21 weeks. A midstream urine specimen was collected after cleansing the penis. When the bladder was full again, a suprapubic bladder aspiration (SPA) was also performed. The results of the urine cultures were almost identical in specimens obtained midstream and by SPA. In 37 infants the cultures were sterile and in 13 positive, with the same microorganism being cultured in both instances. In one case, few colonies of Staphylococcus epidermidis grew only from the midstream culture. In nine infants, only midstream specimens were obtained because three attempts at SPA were unsuccessful. These results suggest that in circumcised male infants, the midstream method of obtaining urine for a culture is as reliable as SPA.
The relationship of 2-hour (post-75 g oral glucose) serum insulin levels with plasma glucose levels was studied in a population-based random sample comprising 2,627 Hindu Indians, 685 Muslim Indians, 1,351 Creoles (African, European, and Indian admixture), and 415 Chinese from the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius. Known diabetic subjects taking oral hypoglycemic drugs or insulin were excluded from these analyses; 64% of all diabetic subjects had usable glucose and insulin data. Both fasting and 2-hour postload insulin levels were significantly higher in women than in men, and levels in both sexes were significantly greater in Hindu and Muslim Indian subjects than in Creoles or Chinese even after controlling for differences in age, body mass index (BMI), waist to hip ratio (WHR), and plasma glucose level. Levels in Muslims were higher than those in Hindus; it was unclear whether these ethnic differences represented hereditary or unmeasured environmental factors closely associated with ethnicity. All four ethnic groups demonstrated similar inverted U- or V-shaped curves when 2-hour insulin was plotted against either basal or 2-hour glucose. Both quadratic (U) and two-piece (V) regression models improved over linear models for 2-hour insulin versus either fasting or 2-hour glucose in all ethnic groups, although in statistical terms they were good models only for the 2-hour glucose comparison. The two-piece models were associated with modest increases in R2 compared with the quadratic models, but it was not possible to precisely determine optimal turning points with either model. However, in all ethnic groups, 2-hour insulin levels decreased above glucose levels of 7.1 to 7.8 (fasting) and 11.3 to 13.5 mmol/L (2-hour) in quadratic models, and 7.5 to 9.5 (fasting) and 8.5 to 10.5 mmol/L (2-hour) in two-piece models. The shape and point of inflection of the quadratic and two-piece curves were influenced little by gender, obesity, fat distribution, and physical activity. These results are in accord with those observed in cross-sectional and longitudinal studies in other ethnic groups, and support the generality of the plasma glucose levels currently used to define diabetes mellitus, which physiologically correspond with a decrease in beta-cell responsiveness to glucose. Asian Indians appear to have an ethnic propensity to hyperinsulinemia that is not explained by obesity or adverse fat distribution.
We compared the reproducibility and repeatability of the acute adrenal response to low doses (90 and 500 ng/1.73 m2) of Synacthen (ACTH(1-24)) with that of the standard dose (250 micrograms/1.73 m2). We also examined the effect of basal cortisol levels on peak values achieved after stimulation with a low dose. ACTH(1-24) was given to six male volunteers: 90 ng/1.73 m2 twice at 90-min intervals on day 1, and 90 and 500 ng/1.73 m2 once on day 2 and 250 micrograms/1.73 m2 once on day 3. The rise in serum cortisol concentration with repeated low doses of ACTH was not attenuated (161 +/- 49 (S.D.) nmol/l on initial vs 150 +/- 41 nmol/l on repeat stimulation; P = 0.5) and this was reproducible (161 +/- 49 nmol/l on day 1 vs 148 +/- 15 nmol/l on day 2; P = 0.6). A dose of 500 ng ACTH(1-24)/1.73 m2 produced a maximal adrenal response in that the rise in serum cortisol concentration at 20 min was identical with that produced at the same time by the standard dose of 250 micrograms/1.73 m2. There was a strong positive correlation between the basal cortisol level and peak cortisol concentration after low-dose ACTH stimulation (r = 0.93, P < 0.001) but not between the basal cortisol level and the incremental rise (r = -0.1, P = 0.69). These results suggest that the cortisol response to low-dose ACTH stimulation is reproducible and not attenuated by repeat stimulation at 90-min intervals.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
A consecutive cohort of 73 very low birthweight infants was studied to determine the presence or absence of beat to beat variability in the velocity of blood flow in the cerebral circulation and its relation with respiration. One minute epochs of information included recordings of cerebral blood flow velocity estimated with Doppler ultrasound, blood pressure, spontaneous respiratory activity, and ventilator cycling. Fourier transformation was used to resolve the frequencies present within the one minute epochs and to classify the cerebral blood flow velocity as showing the presence or absence of any respiratory associated variability. A total of 249 recordings was made on days 1, 2, 3, and 7. Forty seven infants showed respiratory variability in cerebral blood flow velocity on 97 occasions, usually during the first day of life. The infants with respiratory associated variability were of lower gestational age and when the respiratory associated variability was present they were more likely to be ventilated and receiving higher inspired oxygen; these associations were shown to be independent of gestational age. There was no significant independent association with brain injury, cerebral blood flow velocity (cm/s), or blood pressure (mm Hg). The findings suggest that artificial ventilation may entrain normal respiratory associated variability in the cerebral circulation but do not provide evidence that it is harmful.
The assessment of cerebral blood flow (CBF) using noninvasive 133Xe techniques provides an indirect measurement of cortical metabolic activity. The utility of this method in longitudinal clinical studies depends on the stability and reproducibility of resting and activated flow measures. We evaluated CBF in a sample of 16 elderly normal subjects (aged 54-73 years) at rest and during task performance in two sessions separated by an average of 9 weeks. Resting global CBF was lower in the second session, a finding consistent with the known effects of habituation previously reported. Regionally specific activated CBF did not change with repeated measurements. The results provide evidence that the 133Xe technique is reliable and of potential utility in evaluating the effect of the natural course of brain disease, as well as the effects of therapeutic interventions on brain activity.
To establish whether abnormal function of small coronary vessels might limit the advantages of thrombolytic treatment, coronary flow reserve in the infarct-related artery was measured in nine patients with acute myocardial infarction early after successful coronary thrombolysis by using a Doppler catheter and intracoronary adenosine infusion. In each patient coronary flow reserve was calculated as the ratio between coronary blood flow velocity during the highest tolerated intracoronary dose of adenosine (0.5 mg/min in five patients and 1 mg/min in four patients) and baseline velocity. Coronary flow reserve ranged from 1 to 3 (mean 2 +/- 0.7). No correlation (r = 0.20; p = 0.58) was found between coronary flow reserve and the severity of residual coronary stenosis, which ranged between 23% and 76% (mean 47% +/- 17%). No correlation (r = 0.33; p = 0.39) was found between either coronary flow reserve and the interval between pain onset and administration of the thrombolytic treatment, which ranged between 2.2 and 6 hours (mean 4.2 +/- 1.4 hours). Thus, in patients with acute myocardial infarction, coronary flow reserve early after successful thrombolysis is strikingly variable and may be extremely low despite widely patent epicardial coronary arteries. This restriction of coronary blood flow, probably caused by abnormal function of small coronary vessels, might limit the potential benefit from successful coronary thrombolysis.
To obtain the best estimates of the average intraindividual biological variability (CVb) in the concentrations of total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLC), and triglyceride serum lipids in a person's blood, we evaluated results from 30 studies published from 1970 to 1992. The usually more applicable random-effects model estimated an average CVb of 6.1% for TC, 7.4% for HDLC, 9.5% for LDLC, and 22.6% for triglyceride. Composite estimates of the average CVb from all evaluated published studies by different models of estimation ranged from 6.0% to 6.4% for TC, from 6.2% to 7.5% for HDLC, from 7.0% to 9.6% for LDLC, and from 22.4% to 22.9% for triglyceride. Two important factors influenced the reported biological variation of the study subjects: (a) the magnitude of the variability of the analytical method used and (b) the design characteristics of the study--primarily the number of subjects, the sampling interval, and the number of measurements per subject. For TC, we found a statistically significant positive correlation between the reported mean CVb and both the number of study subjects and the analytical variation. For TC and LDLC we estimate CVb as a function of the study design features. The number of patient specimens required to obtain reliable estimates for serum lipid concentrations are determined from the CVb and the current analytical variation.
Two new field methods for the detection and quantification of egg viability/hatchability in urinary schistosomiasis due to Schistosoma haematobium have been described recently, and compared with reference methods; the new methods are cheap and simple to use, and may be used singly or together. Before recommending their widespread use in control programmes, repeatability (r) and reproducibility (R) were studied using the guide for determination prepared by the British Standards Institution. Both parameters were found to be low in relation to the mean proportions of eggs viable/hatchable except at very low egg counts, and the new methods can safely be used in PHC-based control programmes.
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of the current study is to examine the reproducibility of CT measurement of the cross-sectional area of abdominal adipose tissue. DESIGN: Sixteen healthy pre-menopausal women, ranging from lean to obese, underwent duplicate cross-sectional CT scans of the abdomen at the level of the 4th lumbar vertebral disc space. Subjects stood after the initial scan and were then re-positioned prior to repeat CT scanning. RESULTS: There was a high degree of reproducibility in measurement of overall cross-sectional adipose tissue (AT) and in the partitioning of this into subcutaneous and visceral AT. The excellent reproducibility is demonstrated by a high correlation between duplicate measurements (r = 0.99, P < 0.01), and by small precision errors; 1.2% of the mean value for total AT cross-sectional area, 1.9% for subcutaneous AT area, and 3.9% for visceral AT area. CONCLUSION: Measurement of abdominal AT area by cross-sectional CT scanning is not only an accurate determination of this adipose depot but can also be repeated with a high degree of precision. 
Forty C57 BL/6J mice, injected subcutaneously with 0.5 mg/kg arsenic as sodium arsenite, were examined for 24-h urinary excretion of total arsenic metabolites, creatinine and S-adenosylmethionine (SAM) and for 24-h faecal excretion of arsenic and levels of arsenic in the blood, liver, kidneys, lung, skin, spleen and bone at 24-h post-dose. Total urinary arsenic metabolites were calculated by summing up the inorganic (Asi), monomethylated (MMA) and dimethylated (DMA) derivatives directly measured by selective arsine generation-atomic absorption spectrometry (AG-AAS) or were measured by AG-AAS following complete mineralization. Both sets of results showed interindividual differences varying by as much as 7-fold and correlated with the 24-h urinary excretion of both SAM (r = 0.84 and r = 0.86, respectively) and creatinine (r = 0.82 and r = 0.87, respectively). There was interindividual variability of about a 30-fold range in 24-h faecal excretion of arsenic which correlated inversely with 24-h urinary excretion of arsenic metabolites (r = -0.69) and 24-h urinary excretion of both creatinine (r = -0.70) and SAM (r = -0.67). Body tissue levels of arsenic were low and not related to 24-h urinary excretion of arsenic metabolites, SAM and creatinine. Taken together, the results indicate that differences in the profile of urinary arsenic excretion and in the retention of arsenic in a particular organ do not contribute to interindividual variability in 24-h urinary excretion of arsenic metabolites by C57 BL/6J mice, but that variability in faecal excretion does, at least in part. It is speculated that there is most likely a predominant contribution from a diffuse tissue retention of arsenic or from a third route of arsenic elimination, i.e. respiratory, to this phenomenon in view of the small faecal contribution.
This study describes quantitation in smokers' urine of two metabolites of the tobacco-specific lung carcinogen 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanone (NNK). The metabolites are 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanol (NNAL), which is also a lung carcinogen, and its O-glucuronide (NNAL-Gluc), a presumed detoxification product of NNK. Using updated methodology, levels of NNAL, NNAL-Gluc, and cotinine were determined in the urine of 61 smokers. The NNAL-Gluc: NNAL ratio, a potential marker for NNK detoxification potential, varied 16-fold in this group. Two phenotypes of this ratio were apparent; one ranging from 0 to 6 and found in 85% of the smokers and a second ranging from 6 to 11. The short-term and long-term consistency of the ratio was investigated. Studies carried out over a 4-5 day period indicated that the NNAL-Gluc: NNAL ratio was reasonably stable. Subjects who donated urine samples on two occasions separated by 4-16 months were classified in the same group (ratio range, 0-6 or 6-11) each time. Different urine collection protocols appeared to have little influence on the NNAL-Gluc: ratio. Thus, intraindividual differences in the NNAL-Gluc:NNAL ratio were generally small, whereas interindividual differences were large. Amounts of NNAL, NNAL-Gluc, and cotinine excreted by smokers were constant in 24-h samples obtained over a 3-day period of constant cigarette intake and controlled diet. Levels of NNAL, NNAL-Gluc, and NNAL plus NNAL-Gluc correlated with cotinine in a study of 61 smokers without controlled diet or smoking (r = 0.58; P < 0.0001).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
We evaluated the reproducibility of plasma hormone levels over time in 79 healthy postmenopausal women, ages 51-69 years at baseline, who were not using postmenopausal hormones. Three blood samples were collected between 1989 and 1992 from each of these women. We assessed plasma levels of estradiol, free estradiol, percentage of free estradiol, bioavailable estradiol, percentage of bioavailable estradiol, estrone, estrone sulfate, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), androstenedione, testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, and prolactin at each of three sample collections. The means and SD for each of the plasma estrogens, SHBG, and prolactin were similar at each collection. For the androgens, plasma levels tended to decrease over time consistent with an aging effect; decreases with increasing age were statistically significant for androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone, and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate. Intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) ranged from 0.92 (95% confidence interval = 0.89-0.95) for SHBG to 0.53 (95% confidence interval = 0.43-0.69) for prolactin. Most correlations were at least 0.70. The ICCs did not vary by age or time since menopause. Women who changed weight over the course of the study tended to have lower ICCs for a number of the hormones, although these differences were not statistically significant. These data indicate that, for most of these plasma hormones, a single measurement can reliably categorize average levels over at least a 3-year period in postmenopausal women.
In fetal sheep, arterial blood gas values show considerable spontaneous fluctuations. The aim of the present study was to obtain quantitative data on fetal blood gas variability. Accurate assessment of the intraindividual variations can hardly be obtained from intermittent blood samples, but requires continuous measurement. For this purpose we developed a small extracorporeal flow-through cuvette, containing pH and blood gas electrodes and the fiber optic probe of an oximeter. The cuvette is connected through two catheters to the fetal circulation. Blood from the carotid artery flows through the cuvette at a constant rate of 2 mL/min and is drained into the jugular vein. Continuous recordings for 6 h were obtained from five chronically instrumented sheep fetuses at 134-137-d gestational age. Intraindividual variability of fetal arterial blood pH (pHa), partial pressure of arterial blood CO2 (Paco2) and O2 (Pao2), and saturation of arterial blood (Sao2) is quantitatively described. The individual variation coefficients ranged from 0.1 to 0.4% (pHa), from 1.4 to 7.6% (Paco2), from 2.5 to 5.5% (Pao2), and from 3.6 to 7.0% (Sao2). The 5th to 95 percentile intervals (delta) of the individual blood gas values ranged from 0.03 to 0.09 (pHa), from 0.3 to 1.6 kPa (Paco2), from 0.22 to 0.5 kPa (Pao2), and from 10.5 to 26.0% (Sao2). These findings indicate that considerable fluctuations in fetal arterial blood gases occur during a 6-h period. These fluctuations are associated with uterine contractures and changes in maternal and fetal activity.
OBJECTIVES: To determine the variability of repeated serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA) measurements within less than 90 days in a well-defined patient population. METHODS: A retrospective review of the PSA database at the Dallas Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Dallas was performed to identify patients who had two serum PSA measurements within less than 90 days, with the first PSA being less than 10 ng/mL (monoclonal assay, Abbott IMx). Patients' age and the dates and results of the PSA 1 and 2 measurements were captured in a database. Charts were reviewed on all patients, and those who had undergone a manipulation likely to alter the PSA value either before PSA 1 or between the two PSA measurements were excluded. The results of digital rectal examination (DRE) were classified as follows: no pathologic condition, benign prostatic hyperplasia, or suspected carcinoma of the prostate. The data were stratified in a variety of ways and analyzed to determine the variability of repeated PSA measurements under varying conditions. RESULTS: A total of 295 men were identified who fulfilled the conditions. Mean age was 66.3 +/- 8.3 (standard deviation [SD]) years, and the mean PSA 1 was 2.7 +/- 2.4 (SD) ng/mL. When stratified by whether PSA 1 was 4.0 or less or from 4.1 to 10.0 ng/mL, the mean values (1.41 versus 1.43 and 6.00 versus 5.89 for PSA 1 and 2, respectively) were not significantly different. Similarly, when stratified by whether PSA 2 was obtained within 30 days, 30 to 60 days, or 60 to 90 days, there was no significant difference between the mean values for PSA 1 and 2. When stratified by decade of life, there were no differences between PSA values for any decade, although a clear relationship was seen between mean PSA and age (less than 50 years: 1.39 versus 1.06; 50 to 60 years: 1.89 versus 1.70; 60 to 70 years: 2.47 versus 2.48; 70 to 80 years: 3.65 versus 3.70; more than 80 years: 3.45 versus 3.56). A stratification by results of the DRE (1 = normal, 2 = benign prostatic hyperplasia, 3 = prostate cancer suspected) yielded the following values: DRE 1: 2.40 versus 2.47; DRE 2: 2.99 versus 2.75; DRE 3: 3.64 versus 3.81; the difference was not significant for all three groups. Forty-six percent of patients either had an identical PSA or an increase in the PSA, and 54% had a decrease. One third of the patients had a difference of greater than +/- 1.0 ng/mL. The largest differences noted were -5.3 and +7.5 ng/mL. Cumulative distributions of differences were calculated, and the patients were stratified by time intervals, age, DRE findings, and PSA 1 values. With the exception of the latter, there were no significant differences noted in the other three stratifications. CONCLUSIONS: There is a significant variability between two serum PSA measurements obtained within a short-time interval, which is due to chance alone. These results highlight the problem when relying on a single PSA measurement and using either a single cutoff, age-specific reference ranges, or a rate of change to trigger further diagnostic tests, such as a biopsy. Furthermore, they raise the question whether two measurements and in case of discrepancy a third measurement should precede any further recommendation or invasive testing. Decision aids are offered to physicians to select ranges of PSA within which they may wish to repeat a PSA test, depending on calculated probabilities for the second PSA to cross the predefined cutoff value. 
The within- and between-batch variation in the immunoreactive and in-vitro bioactive FSH content of Pergonal, Metrodin and Metrodin-HP was investigated. Three batches of Pergonal and Metrodin, consisting of three ampoules in each batch, and three batches of Metrodin-HP, consisting of between one and three ampoules per batch, were selected at random. The follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) content of Pergonal, Metrodin and Metrodin-HP was determined by radioimmunoassay (R-FSH) and the in-vitro rat Sertoli cell bioassay (B-FSH) using the international urinary standard 70/45. The variability in the FSH content of the preparations was evaluated within and between batches by analysis of variance. Within-batch variability of B-FSH was not observed in Pergonal or Metrodin-HP but was seen in two batches of Metrodin in which the potency varied by up to 2.4 fold (P = 0.03). The between-batch R-FSH potencies of Pergonal (P1-P3) varied, with P2 (59.8 +/- 0.6) and P3 (61.7 +/- 0.9) being higher than P1 (47.1 +/- 1.5 mean +/- SEM IU/ampoule, P < 0.01). A similar pattern of variability was observed for B-FSH. For Metrodin, each of the batch R-FSH potencies was dissimilar (P < 0.02), with estimates ranging from 34.9 +/- 1.2 to 64.3 +/- 1.8 IU/ampoule. Furthermore, the extensive within-batch B-FSH variation from two batches confounded any meaningful comparison of between-batch variability. For Metrodin-HP, there was no between-batch B-FSH variation (29.0 +/- 6.1 to 33.0 +/- 0.3 IU/ampoule) and the R-FSH content was also well controlled (41.2 +/- 0.5 to 46.9 +/- 1.1 IU/ampoule).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Known concentrations of ethanol, methanol, isopropanol and its metabolite acetone were added to plasma or whole blood and aliquots of each specimen were sent to clinical chemistry laboratories in Sweden as a declared collaborative study. All participants used gas-liquid chromatography (GC) for quantitative determination of ethanol and other low molecular weight volatiles. The mean within laboratory precision for analysis of ethanol, expressed as coefficient of variation (CV), was 4.7% (range 0-15%). The corresponding between-laboratory CV spanned from 8.0 to 19.4% for 23 control specimens analysed between 1987 and 1992. The mean concentration of ethanol reported was not significantly different from the target value assigned. Between 0 and 3 laboratories reported deviant results (Z-score > 1.96) for each of the control specimens. One laboratory reported the presence of methanol instead of ethanol and three laboratories saw traces of acetone instead of the actual concentration present. One laboratory failed to report that methanol was present and another failed to report the presence of isopropanol. The between-laboratory CV ranged between 9.4 and 30.3% for analysis of methanol in 8 control specimens. The larger variability between laboratories compared with within laboratories probably reflects the different calibration procedures used, such as the preparation and source of the alcohol standards.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the intercycle variability of early follicular follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and estradiol (E2) levels in eumenorrheic women according to age. STUDY DESIGN: Forty-eight female volunteers with regular menstrual cycles were studied. Serum samples were obtained on cycle day 3 in multiple cycles over a one-year period. Serum was also obtained on consecutive cycle days 2, 3 or 4 in a single cycle in 20 participants. All samples were assayed for FSH and E2 by radioimmunoassay. RESULTS: In women under 40 years of age, all initial day 3 FSH levels were < 20 mIU/mL, and 15% of subjects had a subsequently elevated day 3 FSH level (> or = 20 mIU/mL) within the year. In eight women 40-44 years of age, 75% had an initial day 3 FSH level < 20 mIU/mL, but half of them subsequently had an elevated level, > 20 mIU/mL, within the year. Between cycle days 2, 3 and 4, FSH (coefficient of variation [CV] = 14.8%, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 11.4-18.3%) varied less than E2 (CV = 31.1%, 95% CI = 21.5-40.6%). CONCLUSION: A single day 3 FSH level < 20 mIU/mL is highly predictive of all subsequent values within a year and occurred only in women under 40. An FSH level drawn on cycle day 2 or 4 will probably be within 18% of the day 3 value, but the E2 level may vary by up to 40%. 
We report seasonal and annual variation in the daily cycle of plasma melatonin levels in male red-sided garter snakes, Thamnophis sirtalis parietalis. In autumn of 1989 and 1990, levels averaged a maximum of 210 pg/ml during scotophase and a minimum of 45 pg/ml during photophase and had a similar diel pattern. Under hibernation conditions (4 degrees, 0:24 L:D), melatonin was undetectable and a diel cycle could not be determined. In Spring 1990, melatonin levels rose rapidly and precipitously within an hour of emergence (while in photophase), peaked at levels significantly higher than those seen in the autumn (approximately 900 pg/ml) and remained significantly high for 24 hr after emergence (though the majority of animals did have decreased levels at the 0400 sample). By the 10th day after emergence, a diel cycle was reestablished and absolute melatonin levels had decreased. The next spring (1991), melatonin again rose within an hour after emergence, while in photophase, but not as high as the previous year. Also unlike the previous year, a diel cycle was observed within 24 hr of emergence. Melatonin levels at emergence were significantly higher than those observed 10 days later. Disruption of a diel rhythm of plasma melatonin (by pinealectomy the previous autumn) inhibits courtship behavior by males the next spring, implying a role for melatonin in the stimulation of sexual behavior. Males in 1991 (with quickly established melatonin cycles) courted much sooner after emergence than did males in 1990. Therefore, the initial day/night difference in melatonin levels at emergence (i.e., establishment of a normal diel cycle) may function in synchronizing and modulating reproductive behavior in male red-sided garter snakes.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the variability in serum pepsinogen levels in an asymptomatic population. DESIGN: Cross-sectional survey of 420 men aged 18-63 years, without symptoms or a history of gastric disease, recruited from four factories in Stoke-on-Trent. METHODS: During an interview, data on history of gastric health, 'lifestyle' and occupation were collected, blood samples were taken for measurement of serum pepsinogen and anti-Helicobacter pylori antibody levels and height and weight were measured. RESULTS: Extreme (low/high) levels of pepsinogens A and C, indicative of chronic gastritis, were found in 24 (5.7%) and 61 (14.5%) of the participants, respectively. Low A-C ratios, indicative of moderate or severe gastric atrophy, were found in 13 (3.1%) participants. Of the variables examined, Helicobacter pylori serology had the strongest influence on serum pepsinogen levels. Serum pepsinogen A and C levels were significantly higher in the 33.6% of participants who were seropositive. The effect was more marked for pepsinogen C; thus, A-C ratios were lower in seropositive individuals. In seronegative participants, both pepsinogen A and pepsinogen C levels increased with increasing age; pepsinogen A levels increased with increasing height and were higher in smokers, but decreased with increasing weight. The effect of smoking on pepsinogen A levels was also detectable in seropositive individuals, but was considerably less marked. Among seronegative participants, those employed on the 'shop-floor' in manual jobs had higher serum pepsinogen C levels and lower A-C ratios than office-based workers. CONCLUSION: H. pylori serology was a major source of variation in serum pepsinogen levels, but causes of gastritis other than H. pylori were indicated. Independent of these effects, serum pepsinogen levels may also vary with age, height and weight. Screening of serum pepsinogen levels in the general population may identify 5-15% who require further investigation. Other 'filters' may be required in conjunction with serum pepsinogen levels to identify those needing investigation for significant gastric pathology. 
Sensitive methods for the determination of the cyclophosphamide metabolites nornitrogen mustard, 4-ketocyclophosphamide and carboxyphosphamide are presented. After liquid-liquid extraction and derivatization, the metabolites are determined by gas chromatography and thermionic specific detection. The methods were used to study the in vitro biotransformation of cyclophosphamide with S-9 liver fractions of human donors. The results show large interindividual differences in the formation of nornitrogen mustard and carboxyphosphamide. 4-Ketocyclophosphamide was not detected.
BACKGROUND: We investigated the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) proviral DNA sequence and copy number in alveolar macrophages (AM) and peripheral blood monocytes (PBM) from 10 HIV-positive patients without any active concurrent pulmonary disease to understand the nature of HIV-1 infection in vivo in the lung microenvironment. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The 10 seropositive patients without active pulmonary disease were selected based on chest roentegenography and pathological/cytological test of bronchoalveolar (BAL) fluid. In order to determine accurate proviral copy numbers, AM and PBM were isolated to 99 and 94% purity, respectively, and quantitative polymerase chain reaction (PCR), with a sensitivity to detect three copies of HIV proviral DNA per 10(5) cells, was applied. For analysis of genetic variation in HIV-1, PCR-amplified HIV-1 DNA from AM and PBM of five patients were subcloned and 2-12 clones from each sample underwent DNA sequence analysis of HIV-1 gp120 V3-V5. Heteroduplex mobility assays were performed to confirm the results of the sequence analysis. RESULTS: The proviral copy number in AM or PBM were less than 20 copies/10(5) cells in all patients, and five patients had less than the detection limit. There was no significant difference in HIV copy number between AM and PBM. No correlation was found between PBM/AM HIV copy number and CD4+ lymphocyte count in the peripheral blood. Sequence analysis revealed that the mean intrapatient genetic similarity in AM was 97.5 +/- 0.18% (n = 107), which was significantly higher than that in PBM (96.2 +/- 0.26% (n = 94), p < 0.001), suggesting that variability of HIV-1 DNA in AM was relatively limited. Divergence occurred when AM derived HIV-1 sequence was compared with PBM derived sequence from the same patient (95.8 +/- 0.17% (n = 223) p < 0.001). Phylogenetic analysis of DNA sequence demonstrated complete separation of HIV lineages from lung and blood in four of five patients. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest the HIV-1 infection in AM is restricted in vivo with low viral burden and homogenous genotype. We propose that the pulmonary microenvironment may limit the extent of HIV-1 infection. 
Color duplex flowmetry of internal carotid and vertebral arteries permits estimation of intravascular flow volumes and global cerebral blood flow volume (CBFV) by summing the flow volumes measured in each of the four extracranial vessels. Intravascular flow volumes were calculated as the product of angle-corrected time-averaged flow velocity and the cross-sectional area of the vessel. The reliability of this new method was tested in a prospective, intra- and interdiane, intra- and interobserver reproducibility study of 32 healthy subjects aged 7-57 years. In each subject, CBFV was tested by each observer twice on day 1 and once on day 2 in consecutive recordings. In each artery, both examiners found closely similar mean intravascular flow volumes. Intradiane interobserver reproducibility of CBFV was high on both days (correlation coefficient, CC, 0.90 and 0.85, p < or = 0.0001; coefficient of variance, CV, 10.0 and 10.4%, respectively), as was the interdiane comparison (CC = 0.81, p < or = 0.0001; CV < or = 13.3%). Intraobserver reproducibility was even higher. On both days, there was a progressive decrease in CBFV from each subject's first to the last examination within a 1-h examination period (day 1: 717 +/- 150 ml/min to 690 +/- 120 ml/min; difference, p < or = 0.05; day 2: 700 +/- 120 ml/min to 665 +/- 126 ml/min; difference, p < or = 0.01). This habituation effect was more pronounced in subjects with high initial CBFV. Reproducibility of CBFV is comparable to that of mean CBF measurements with 133Xe inhalation and H2 15(O) positron emission tomography techniques reported by other groups. This method makes serial bedside-monitoring of CBFV feasible without posing the risks of radiation exposure.
OBJECTIVES: We measured the intraindividual variation of prostate-specific antigen (PSA) in the serum of healthy men screened for prostate cancer. METHODS: We used a fully automated PSA assay system (ACS: 180 assay) to evaluate a screening population of 814 men (mean age, 63.3 years; range, 50 to 79 years) without documented prostate cancer or prostate surgery. A second blood sample was drawn 15 to 183 days after the first specimen (mean, 80 days). RESULTS: In the ACS PSA ranges of 0 to 7.2 ng/mL, 7.3 to 17.9 ng/mL, and 18.0 ng/mL or greater (O to 4 ng/mL, 4 to 10 ng/mL, and 10.0 ng/mL or greater by the Tandem-R assay), the mean coefficient of variation of the first and second blood drawn was 20%, 12%, and 10%, respectively. In 435 men whose first blood samples were measured twice for PSA difference (interassay or run-to-run variation), the intraindividual variation in the range of 0 to 7.2 ng/mL was significantly larger than the interassay variation, which was also true the 7.3 to 17.9 ng/mL range. In the range of 0 to 7.2 ng/mL, 251 of 695 (36%) showed a 20% or greater relative increase and 69 of 695 (10%) showed a 1.3 ng/mL (0.75 ng/mL by the Tandem-R assay) or greater absolute increase of PSA at the second blood sample. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that in the low ranges of PSA concentrations, one should consider the possibility of substantial intraindividual variation when interpreting serial PSA measurements. 
Concentrations of alpha- and beta-carotene, lycopene, beta-cryptoxanthin, zeaxanthin, lutein, alpha-, gamma-, and delta-tocopherol, retinol, and retinyl palmitate have been determined in over 1400 human sera from two epidemiological studies. Complete adult population distributions for these analytes, and for a chromatographically defined "total carotenoids" component, are detailed as data-defined histograms. The distributions for retinol and alpha-tocopherol concentrations are much narrower than those for the other analytes. Information provided by analysis of control samples facilitated intercomparison of the two studies and provided univariate and bivariate estimates of the intra-laboratory measurement reproducibility. The utility of an analytical measurement is shown to be dependent on both the measurement uncertainty and the distribution of the analyte within the population.
Several epidemiologic studies indicate that NAT2-related slow N-acetylation increases bladder cancer risk among workers exposed to aromatic amines, presumably because N-acetylation is important for the detoxification of these compounds. Previously, we showed that NAT2 polymorphisms did not influence bladder cancer risk among Chinese workers exposed exclusively to benzidine (BZ), suggesting that NAT2 N-acetylation is not a critical detoxifying pathway for this aromatic amine. To evaluate the biologic plausibility of this finding, we carried out a cross-sectional study of 33 workers exposed to BZ and 15 unexposed controls in Ahmedabad, India, to evaluate the presence of BZ-related DNA adducts in exfoliated urothelial cells, the excretion pattern of BZ metabolites, and the impact of NAT2 activity on these outcomes. Four DNA adducts were significantly elevated in exposed workers compared to controls; of these, the predominant adduct cochromatographed with a synthetic N-(3'- phosphodeoxyguanosin-8-yl)-N'-acetylbenzidine standard and was the only adduct that was significantly associated with total BZ urinary metabolites (r = 0.68, P < 0.0001). To our knowledge this is the first report to show that BZ forms DNA adducts in exfoliated urothelial cells of exposed humans and that the predominant adduct formed is N-acetylated, supporting the concept that monofunctional acetylation is an activation, rather than a detoxification, step for BZ. However, because almost all BZ-related metabolites measured in the urine of exposed workers were acetylated among slow, as well as rapid, acetylators (mean +/- SD 95 +/- 1.9% vs. 97 +/- 1.6%, respectively) and NAT2 activity did not affect the levels of any DNA adduct measured, it is unlikely that interindividual variation in NAT2 function is relevant for BZ-associated bladder carcinogenesis.
An ELISA for measuring thyroglobulin (Tg) in serum was developed with polyclonal antibodies to Tg on the solid phase and two monoclonal antibodies to Tg as the second antibodies. The assay has a detection limit of 1 microgram/L, a within-run imprecision (CV) of <7%, and a between-run CV of < 10%. Parallelism of the assay was shown in dilution studies, in which the percent observed/expected values for n = 5 autoantibody-containing samples gave a mean of 99% (SD 13.1 %); for n = 5 samples with undetectable autoantibody concentrations, the mean was 103% (SD 11.8%). The correlation of the ELISA with an RIA for Tg in 46 normal samples was ELISA = 1.11(RIA) + 0.52, S y/x = 2.23, SD intercept = 0.54, SD slope = 0.03, range = 0 to 53 micrograms/L, r = 0.980. Comparison of the ELISA with a reference laboratory RIA for 29 clinical samples gave a correlation of: ELISA = 1.53(RIA) - 0.48, S y/x = 9.00, SD intercept = 2.19, SD slope = 0.10, range = 0 to 98 micrograms/L, r = 0.950. To provide additional information concerning the reliability of the Tg measurement in samples containing autoantibodies to Tg, we developed a procedure for determining the percent recovery. A percent recovery greater than or equal to 80% indicates minimal interference by autoantibodies in this assay. The assay is straightforward to perform, results can be posted within 8 h, and the routinely good recovery of Tg in the presence of Tg autoantibodies indicates minimal autoantibody interference in this assay.
In vivo magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) was used to determine the relationship between serum and brain lithium levels in bipolar patients (n=25). Over the broad range of serum lithium levels observed, the correlation (r=.68) with brain lithium levels was high. This correlation was much weaker (r=.39) when limited to only those patients with serum lithium levels in the range of 0.6-1.0 mmol/l. This variability may account for failure of lithium prophylaxis in some patients who have serum lithium levels in the therapeutic range.
The reproducibility of echo-Doppler measurements of portal vein and superior mesenteric artery blood flow has not been extensively studied. In the present study, two groups of subjects were examined to test inter- and intra-observer reproducibility. Each study population consisted of 15 nonportal hypertensive and 15 portal hypertensive subjects. With a standardized technique, the crosssectional area and velocity of blood flow in the portal vein and superior mesenteric artery were recorded in triplicate by skilled operators. The flow volume of each vessel was calculated by multiplying the cross-sectional area by the velocity of blood flow. The measurements were performed in a blind fashion over a 60 min period. The reproducibility of measurements was assessed by calculation of intraclass correlation coefficients and coefficients of variation. The intra-observer intraclass correlation coefficient was 0.77 for portal vein blood flow and 0.84 for superior mesenteric artery blood flow, suggesting good reproducibility. The intra-observer coefficient of variation was 11 and 9%, respectively. In contrast, the interobserver intraclass correlation coefficient was calculated to be 0.49 for portal blood vein blood flow and 0.57 for superior mesenteric artery blood flow, indicating fair reproducibility. In addition, the interobserver coefficients of variation were calculated to be 20 and 18%, respectively. These data suggest that intra-observer reproducibility in echo-Doppler measurements of portal vein and superior mesenteric artery blood flow is acceptable but inter-observer reproducibility is not. Examination by a single operator, rather than multiple operators, is therefore advisable. Even when measurements are performed by a single investigator an approximate variance of 10% in the measurement in a single subject should be expected.
The reproducibility of urinary growth hormone levels in normal children and in children undergoing adenotonsillar surgery was investigated. Thirty normal children and 32 children pre- and post-adenotonsillectomy had overnight urinary growth hormone levels measured on two consecutive nights using the technique of immunoradiometric assay. There was no significant difference when levels in each of these groups were compared. Therefore, the results were pooled (n = 94) and the correlation coefficient comparing levels obtained on the first and the second consecutive nights sample was calculated, r = 0.644 (P < 0.001). This work suggests that studies of urinary growth hormone levels in children give reproducible results. Further investigation of this technique as a screening or diagnostic procedure in the clinical setting can now be more widely evaluated.
We demonstrate that total ascorbic acid (TAA, the sum of ascorbic acid and dehydroascorbic acid) in properly prepared human plasma is stable at -70 degrees C for at least 6 years when preserved with dithiothreitol. TAA in human plasma or serum preserved with metaphosphoric acid degrades slowly, at the rate of no more than 1% per year. As assessed from our stability data and from data obtained from 23 laboratories over a period of > 2 years, the intralaboratory repeatability of TAA measurement is approximately 2 mumol/L, irrespective of TAA concentration. Nonchromatographic analytical methods involving dinitrophenylhydrazine and 0-phenylenediamine yield biased results relative to chromatographic methods. Within groups of laboratories that use roughly similar analytical methods, the interlaboratory measurement reproducibility CV for TAA is 15%.
The endogenous methanol concentration was determined in 72 men aged between 18 and 35 years in the morning after a 12-h period of fasting and abstinence from alcohol. The distribution curve was found to be skewed to the right, the concentrations ranging from '0' (below the detection threshold) to 3.4 mg/kg. The median was 0.1 mg/kg and the mean 0.35 mg/kg. Significant differences were found between three groups defined according to the duration of prior abstinence from alcohol (8 h, 30 h, and 5 days). The highest values were seen after the shortest period of abstinence and the lowest values after the longest period of abstinence. The course followed by the methanol concentration in the presence of blocking of methanol oxidation by orally or parenterally administered ethanol was observed over at least 10 h on two separate occasions in a further 8 subjects aged between 24 and 35 years. At blood ethanol concentrations of more than 0.20 g/kg, the rate of production of methanol, calculated by regression, ranged from 0.09-0.37 mg/kg/h (r = 0.970-0.554, S(y.x) = 0.227-0.565 mg/kg). The rise in methanol concentration at the start of ethanol administration was significantly more rapid than the subsequent rise. It is hypothesised that there may be a so-called deep compartment for methanol that would explain the dependence of the endogenous methanol level on the duration of the preceding period of abstinence from ethanol, and the occurrence of an initial phase of faster rise in methanol concentration associated with the administration of ethanol.
PURPOSE: We quantified the physiological variability of clinical and pressure-flow study variables in patients with symptomatic benign prostatic enlargement. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Symptom scores were measured, and advanced urodynamic studies with pressure-flow analysis were performed in 178 patients before and 6 months after a period a watchful waiting. RESULTS: Patients without bladder outlet obstruction experienced significant symptomatic improvement. Symptoms in patients with obvious bladder outlet obstruction did not improve significantly. The reproducibility of mean pressure-flow variables was evident. However, there was an important intra-individual variability. Patients with obvious bladder outlet obstruction showed a significant decreases in detrusor pressure at maximal flow of 14cm. water, a significant decrease in the urethral resistance factor of 7 cm. water and a significant decrease of 1 obstruction class on the linear passive urethral resistance relation nomogram, indicating less severe bladder outlet obstruction. CONCLUSIONS: Mean differences among therapy groups must be regarded critically, especially when the difference are slight and possibly within physiological variability. 
We studied the intra-individual variation in plasma glucose, specific serum insulin and serum proinsulin concentrations, measured by two 75-g oral glucose tolerance tests in an age, sex, and glucose tolerance stratified random sample from a 50-74-year-old Caucasian population without a history of diabetes mellitus. The intra-individual variation was assessed by the standard deviation of the test-retest differences (SDdif). For subjects with normal (n = 246), impaired glucose tolerance (n = 198), and newly detected diabetes (n = 80) classified at the first test, the following (SDdif/median level of individual average scores) were found: fasting glucose: 0.4/5.4, 0.5/5.9 and 0.7/7.2 mmol/l; 2-h glucose: 1.3/5.6, 1.8/8.5 and 2.3/12.8 mmol/l; fasting insulin: 23/76, 32/89 and 30/116 pmol/l; 2-h insulin: 190/303, 278/553 and 304/626 pmol/l; fasting proinsulin: 4/8, 6/13 and 9/18 pmol/l; 2-h proinsulin: 19/49, 23/84 and 33/90 pmol/l, respectively. In both glucose, proinsulin and insulin concentrations the total intra-individual variation was predominantly determined by biological variation, whereas analytical variation made only a minor contribution. The SDdif can easily be interpreted, as 95% of the random test-retest differences will be less than 2.SDdif, or in terms of percentage, less than (2.SDdif/median level of individual average score) 100. Therefore, for subjects with normal glucose tolerance, 95% of the random test-retest differences will be less than 15% (fasting glucose), 46% (2-h glucose), 61% (fasting insulin), 125% (2-h insulin), 100% (fasting proinsulin) and 78% (2-h proinsulin) of the median value of the individual average scores. No substantial independent association of either age, gender or obesity with the intra-individual variation in glucose, proinsulin, or insulin concentrations was found.
OBJECTIVE: Long-term (13 weeks) and circadian (24 hours) intraindividual variability in red blood cell (RBC) thiopurine methyltransferase (TPMT) activity in healthy subjects was studied. METHODS: RBC TPMT activity was measured radiochemically. RESULTS: The variability in RBC TPMT activity was low and was only slightly higher than the imprecision of he TPMT assay. Mean long-term intraindividual variability in RBC TPMT activity was 6.5% (CV) (n = 46). Mean intraindividual circadian variability in RBC TPMT activity was 6.4% (CV) (n = 18). CONCLUSIONS: In contrast to what has been observed in children with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia, the intraindividual variability in RBC TPMT activity in healthy subjects was low. The reported changes in baseline RBC TPMT activity in patients are probably therefore due to drugs, disease, assay variation or other, unidentified factors. 
OBJECTIVE: The time required to reach steady-state plasma levels after an increase and a subsequent decrease in the dose of nefazodone, an antidepressant drug with nonlinear pharmacokinetics, was assessed in 24 healthy, male volunteers. METHODS: Each subject was administered 100 mg nefazodone hydrochloride b.i.d. (q 12 h) from study day 1 to 7, 200 mg b.i.d. from study day 8 to 14 and 100 mg b.i.d. from study day 15 to 21. Trough (Cmin blood samples were obtained just prior to the morning dose on days 4-7, 11-14 and 16-21 to evaluate the attainment of steady state. Serial blood samples were collected for 12 h after the morning dose on days 7, 14, 16, 18 and 21 for pharmacokinetic analysis of plasma levels of nefazodone (NEF) and its metabolites, hydroxynefazodone (HO-NEF), m-chlorophenylpiperazine (mCPP) and triazoledione (DIONE), which were determined by validated HPLC/UV assay methods. The Cmin results indicated that when nefazodone was administered at a dose of 100 mg b.i.d., steady-state plasma levels of parent compound and its metabolites were attained by the 4th day (i.e., after six doses) and when the dose was increased from 100 mg b.i.d. to 200 mg b.i.d. and then decreased back to 100 mg b.i.d., new steady-state plasma levels were also reached by the beginning of the 3rd or 4th day of each regimen. Consistent with the attainment of steady-state data, there were no statistically significant differences in Cmax or AUC values for nefazodone or its metabolites between study days 7, 18 and 21. Also consistent with the known nonlinear pharmacokinetics of nefazodone, the mean nefazodone steady-state Cmax and AUC values for the 200-mg dose were three fold and four fold greater, respectively, than those at the 100-mg dose level. Intrasubject variability (% cv) for NEF and its metabolites ranged from 13% to 24% for Cmax and AUC after 100 mg b.i.d.. Intersubject variability was considerably greater and ranged from 29% to 131% for Cmax and AUC after the same dose. 
OBJECTIVES: To quantify the protein binding of velnacrine in healthy individuals and investigate potential sources of variability. SETTING: Medical School Unit, Southmead Hospital, Bristol. SUBJECTS: Plasma samples were obtained from the following groups: a) 11 healthy volunteers aged 18 to 30 years; b) 10 healthy volunteers aged 73 to 87 years; c) 10 patients aged 65 to 85 years hospitalised for a variety of acute illnesses. METHODS: Aliquots of plasma from the above subjects were incubated with various concentrations of velnacrine, in the presence and absence of tacrine hydrochloride. Standard solutions of human serum albumin and alpha 1 acid glycoprotein were incubated with velnacrine. The degree of protein binding was determined using the Amicon centrifree micropartition system. RESULTS: 1) Over the range of concentrations from 10 to 320 ng.ml-1, there was a decrease in protein binding from 59.1 to 46.7%. 2) At 40 ng.ml-1 the plasma protein binding of velnacrine was 54.8% in the group a subjects, 51.9% in the group b subjects and 53.0% in the group c subjects (NS). 3) The mean total plasma protein concentration was significantly lower in the samples from elderly subjects. The mean albumin and alpha 1 acid glycoprotein concentrations were lower and higher respectively in patients with acute disease. 4) Velnacrine was shown to bind to both albumin and alpha 1-acid glycoprotein, but together they did not account for total binding. 5) The binding of velnacrine was significantly decreased from 59.3 to 43.9% in the presence of a therapeutic concentration (25 ng.ml-1) of THA. There was no evidence that velnacrine displaced THA. CONCLUSION: Protein binding can be discounted as a major source of variation in the relationship between drug concentration and effect. 
OBJECTIVE: To study the effects of ofloxacin on the reliability of urine glucose testing. DESIGN: Open-label, nonrandomized. SETTING: A university-affiliated tertiary care hospital, ambulatory clinic. PARTICIPANTS: Ten healthy volunteers (8 men and 2 women) aged 22-39 years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Phase I (in vitro) involved the addition of selected amounts of ofloxacin to a set of standard 50-mL urine samples prepared to simulate glycosuria. Phase II (in vivo) involved the oral administration of ofloxacin 400 mg to 10 subjects. Urine was collected: (1) immediately predose, (2) pooled 0-4 hours postdose, and (3) pooled 4-8 hours postdose. Known glucose concentrations were then added to these samples. Clinitest and Diastix tests were performed on all samples. The accuracy of these tests in determining glucose concentrations was compared among urine samples taken before and after ofloxacin dosing. RESULTS: None of the ofloxacin concentrations in phase I (0, 25, 50, 100, 200, 400, and 800 micrograms/mL) influenced these testing methods at the urine glucose concentrations of 0.0%, 0.5%, 1%, and 2%. Likewise, the accuracy of these two tests was unaffected by ofloxacin administration in phase II. CONCLUSIONS: In single-dose administration, ofloxacin does not interfere with Clinitest or Diastix for determining urine glucose concentrations. 
Itraconazole is a new oral triazole antifungal agent that is effective against a wide range of fungal pathogens, including Aspergillus species. There has been a considerable increase in recent years in its use in prophylaxis of aspergillosis in neutropenic patients. A total of 74 trough concentrations of itraconazole+active metabolite were retrospectively analysed at steady state in 16 patients admitted to hospital for acute myeloid leukaemia (12) or malignant lymphoma (4). The minimum therapeutic concentration (itraconazole+hydroxyitraconazole = 1000 ng/ml) was never reached in 31 per cent of patients (5/16) and a constant efficient plasma concentration was obtained in only 19 per cent (3/16) with a daily regimen of 400-600 mg. The plasma levels of patients at the same daily dose differed up to 15-fold. This study confirms the pronounced inter-patient variability of unchanged itraconazole concentrations previously found in volunteers and patients. The plasma levels in six patients during successive chemotherapy treatments also varied greatly. Intra-individual differences were more accurately examined in six patients given 600 mg itraconazole/day during their first chemotherapy treatment. The trough plasma concentrations on day 15 and day 25 varied from -53 to +245 per cent. These results indicate that the plasma itraconazole concentration of neutropenic patients must be monitored to ensure that each individual is given a clinically effective dose.
In any immunoassay experiment for the detection of molecular biomarkers, a nonlinear calibration curve is constructed to relate fixed biomarker concentrations to observed tracer levels. The biomarker concentration in an experimental sample can then be estimated by projecting the experimental tracer measurements through the inverse of the calibration curve. Once an estimate of the biomarker level has been calculated, it is often of interest to determine its variability. Typically, methods for estimating this variability assume that the biomarker variability is due solely to the uncertainty in the estimation of the calibration curve. A more complete analysis would combine this uncertainty with the variability in the processing and measurements of the sample, including, e.g., measurement error of laboratory procedures or variation in enzymatic activity in enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays or radioactivity counts in RIAs. In this paper, we present a method of estimating the variability of inverse estimates assuming there is variation arising from both the determination of the calibration curve and from the preparation and measurement of the experimental sample. Our method uses a resampling algorithm that avoids requiring many distributional assumptions present in alternative procedures, can be easily implemented, and is generalizable to any immunoassay procedure. Methods for incorporating our results in the estimation of variability for planning and analyzing biomarker experiments are discussed. We provide an example using RIA data for aflatoxin B1 detection. These biomarkers for aflatoxin exposure are used in the analysis of serum aflatoxin adduct levels in human and experimental samples, and they are important in hepatocellular carcinoma research.
Duplex ultrasound volumetric flow measurements have not found a major clinical use because of variability caused by errors in estimating cross-sectional area (CSA) and in measuring time averaged mean velocity (TAMeV). We determined inter- and intraobserver variation in volumetric blood flow measured at rest in the common femoral artery (CFA) and its main branches, the superficial femoral (SFA) and profunda femoris (PFA) arteries, in 20 normal subjects. The product of TAMeV and CSA was taken as volumetric flow. The coefficient of variation of TAMeV was consistently greater than that of CSA. Interobserver variation for blood flow (16.2%, 20.2% and 40.3% for CFA, SFA and PFA, respectively) was larger than intraobserver variation (13.0%, 15.1%, 21.2%). In conclusion, these data define the minimum changes in VQ that can be realistically detected and indicate that, with modern duplex Doppler equipment, volumetric flow can be used as a reliable haemodynamic measure for monitoring patients before and after surgical or radiological intervention.
The urine of 44 normal men was collected during 2 nights to evaluate components of biological variation, i.e., intraindividual day-to-day variability and interindividual variability in monoamines excretion. Monoamines presented important interindividual variability [interindividual coefficients of variation (%): dopamine 18.3, norepinephrine 66.7, epinephrine 85.3, normetanephrine 22.4, metanephrine 76.8, 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycol (MHPG) 77.0, vanilmandelic acid (VMA) 64.3, homovanilic acid (HVA) 71.3, 5-hydroxyindolacetic acid (5-HIAA) 20.4]. The reliability of these amounts was high, with intraclass correlation coefficients ranging from 0.43 (P < 0.001) for MHPG free form to 0.65 (P < 10(-6)) for dopamine and normetanephrine (intraindividual coefficients of variation (%): dopamine 8.5, norepinephrine 39.9, epinephrine 45.9, normetanephrine 10.3, metanephrine 46.3, MHPG 37.5, VMA 30.7, HVA 41.0, 5-HIAA 12.3).
We compared intraindividual and interindividual variability in the plasma levels of fibrinogen, tissue-type plasminogen activator (TPA) antigen, plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI) activity, and C-reactive protein (CRP) in 20 healthy, young individuals and 26 patients with stable angina pectoris (AP) who were at higher risk for cardiovascular disease. For each of the four parameters, the contribution of the intraindividual variation to the total variance (13% and 9% for fibrinogen, 3% and 5% for TPA antigen, 4% and 20% for In[PAI activity], and 14% and 9% for In[CRP] for the healthy volunteers and AP patients, respectively) was smaller than the contribution from the interindividual variation. These results indicate that single sampling is sufficient to assess an individual level for TPA antigen and PAI activity, whereas duplicate sampling for fibrinogen and triplicate sampling for CRP are recommended. In an epidemiological study the sample sizes, based on the variances found in the transverse part of the study, needed to detect a 15% difference between the two groups (with alpha = 0.01 and a statistical power = .90) are 31 and 40 for fibrinogen, 568 and 146 for TPA antigen, 603 and 119 for PAI activity, and 1490 and 2263 for CRP in healthy volunteers and patients with AP, respectively. Additionally, we studied the contribution of genetic polymorphisms of the B beta-fibrinogen (Bcl I and G-->A-455) and PAI activity (HindIII and CA-repeat) genes to intraindividual and interindividual variation. Fibrinogen genotypes were associated with plasma fibrinogen levels in the volunteers but not in the AP patients. No effects of fibrinogen or PAI polymorphisms on intraindividual variation were observed in either healthy individuals or AP patients. In this study intraindividual variation in plasma levels of the cardiovascular risk indicators fibrinogen, TPA antigen, PAI activity, and CRP was small when compared with the interindividual variation in healthy, young volunteers and patients with stable AP.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the variation in repeated measurements of post-void residual urine volume (PVR), determined by transabdominal ultrasonography (TAUS), within an individual over time (test-retest reliability). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Forty men with symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia and awaiting transurethral resection of the prostate were studied over 3 months. Each underwent TAUS to determine both pre- and post-micturition residual volumes on six occasions within the study period. RESULTS: Although one-third of the patients had approximately constant residual volumes (variation in range < 120 mL), two-thirds had wide intra-individual variations over time (variation in range 150-670 mL). The values were log transformed to give a normal distribution and subjected to analysis of variance; there was a wide variation between and also within individuals. The larger the mean PVR, the larger was the overall variation in time. For those with a mean PVR of < 100 mL, the variation was less marked and these patients showed a more consistent test-retest repeatability. CONCLUSIONS: Although the PVR determined by TAUS may be useful to indicate aspects of bladder dysfunction or outlet obstruction, the wide variation in repeated measurements in the same individual limits its use for any clinical purpose that requires repeated assessment, e.g. in monitoring the response to treatment. There is poor test-retest reliability and PVRs cannot be determined reliably from a single measurement. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine the reproducibility of blood lactate-running speed curve parameters derived by a curve-fit equation and by linear interpolation from the results of 4-speed tests of sport horses under field conditions. DESIGN: Thoroughbreds completed 10 test pairs with 3 to 11 days between tests and retest. ANIMALS: 7 Thoroughbreds. PROCEDURE: The 4-speed test consisted of 4 runs over a distance of 2,110 m. Exercise intensity was increased by 1 m/s for each run. Blood lactate concentration measured after each run was plotted against running speed to determine the blood lactate-running speed relation. By means of the blood lactate-running speed relation, velocity inducing 2, 2.5, 3, 3.5, or 4 mM blood lactate concentration was calculated by a curve-fit equation and by linear interpolation. RESULTS: The test-retest correlation coefficient of velocity inducing 2, 2.5, 3, 3.5, and 4 mM blood lactate concentration determined by curve-fit equation was 0.67, 0.78, 0.84, 0.86, and 0.86, respectively, and by linear interpolation was 0.42, 0.58, 0.77, 0.87, and 0.78, respectively. But the test-retest regression was equal to the line of identity only for velocity inducing 3.5 and 4 mM blood lactate concentration. CONCLUSIONS: The reproducibility of velocity inducing 3.5 and 4 mM blood lactate concentration was sufficient to be used to compare horses and evaluate conditioning effects. This holds both methods of calculation of the parameters derived from the blood lactate-running speed relation. 
Previous reports indicate endurance trained (ET) men have low resting testosterone concentrations without any significant increases in their luteinizing hormone (LH) concentrations. The purpose of this study was to examine the reproducibility of these resting hormonal findings in ET men. Resting blood samples were collected at three separate trials (2 weeks apart) in groups of ET men (n = 15) and age-matched, untrained (UT, n = 13) men. Blood specimens were analyzed for total testosterone, LH, cortisol and prolactin. Results indicated that testosterone was significantly (p < 0.01) lower in ET than UT at each of the three trials. LH, cortisol, and prolactin were not different (p > 0.05) between the groups at any trial. These results confirm earlier findings reported for ET men. Furthermore, the results indicate the resting reproductive hormonal status (i.e., low testosterone) of ET men is reproducible and does not appear to be an artifact of the timing of the blood sampling methodology used.
The interplay of multiple genes and environmental factors generates interindividual variation in plasma low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations. As a result, it has been difficult to identify individual genes that contribute to variation in plasma LDL-C levels using classical linkage analysis. We have exploited a genetic defect in the gene encoding the LDL receptor that is associated with a dramatically elevated plasma LDL-C level to unmask an allele at another locus that lowers plasma LDL-C levels. The existence of such an allele was implied by the analysis of a human pedigree with familial hypercholesterolaemia in which a third of the familial hypercholesterolaemia heterozygotes had normal levels of LDL-C. To develop an animal model of this LDL-C lowering effect and to identify genes that modify the plasma LDL-C level, we crossed LDL receptor-deficient mice with other strains of mice.
Haloperidol levels in blood were measured monthly in 43 refractory chronic schizophrenic patients referred to a locked skilled nursing facility for long-term treatment. Gross toxic side effects (seizures, catatonia, confusion) and Neuroleptic Induced Deficit Syndrome in conjunction with blood levels over 30 ng/ml were identified in 13 of our 43 patients. Blood level reductions contributed to a reduction of side effects and clinical improvement and led to the expedited discharge of 6 of these 13 patients of the toxic subgroup. Considerable blood level variation was evident in single samples, and four levels appeared necessary to develop confidence for accuracy. Significant dose to blood level interindividual variability was identified, thereby bringing into question fixed-dose approaches to patients. The results strongly suggest the utility of haloperidol blood levels in the clinical setting.
There is a large inter-subject variability in serum creatine kinase (CK) response after eccentric exercise. This study examined and compared the variability of CK activity, other serum protein increases (aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, lactate dehydrogenase, aldolase, myoglobin),changes in muscle damage indicators (maximal isometric force: MIF, relaxed and flexed elbow joint angle: RANG and FANG, circumference: CIR, and muscle soreness level: SOR), and changes in magnetic resonance (MR) images. Ten male subjects (21.7 +/- 1.6 yrs) performed 24 maximal eccentric actions of the elbow flexors, and measurements except MR images were taken immediately before and after, and for 10 days after exercise. MR images were taken 7 days after exercise. A large variability in peak CK response (236 - 25,244 IU.I(-1) was found among subjects. Spearman rank-order correlation coefficients (r) revealed significant correlations of peak CK with peak serum protein levels (r = 0.79-0.95), peak changes in MIF (r = 0.73-0.79), RANG (r = 0.69), and CIR (r = 0.91). The higher the peak CK levels, the more profound the abnormality in the MR images and the larger the changes in MR signal intensity (r = 0.90-0.94). It is concluded that the large variability in CK response after exercise seems to be related to the variability in exercise-induced muscle damage.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reliability of urine carnitine concentrations measured in single postprandial samples, compared with carnitine concentrations measured in 24-hour urine samples. ANIMALS: 19 healthy Beagles. PROCEDURE: After emptying the urinary bladder by catheterization, dogs were fed a canned canine maintenance diet. Approximately 8 hours later, urine, plasma, and serum samples were obtained for determination of urinary carnitine fractional excretion and urine carnitine-to-creatinine concentration ratio. Results were compared with 24-hour urinary carnitine excretion rate. RESULTS: Fractional excretion of carnitine and urine carnitine-to-creatinine ratios correlated poorly with 24-hour urinary carnitine excretion. CONCLUSION: Determination of 24-hour urinary carnitine excretion is recommended to measure urine carnitine concentrations in dogs. 
Erythrocyte polyamine measurements have been previously investigated as candidate biomarkers for hyperproliferation and recently as a potential intermediate endpoint in clinical chemoprevention trials with difluoromethylornithine, an inhibitor of polyamine biosynthesis. This study was performed to determine the reproducibility of erythrocyte polyamine measurements and their possible correlation with plasma micronutrients in seven healthy adults in an antioxidant vitamin intervention study. As part of this cross-over intervention study, three subjects took beta-carotene (31.4 mg/day) plus D-alpha-tocopherol acetate (720 IU/day) supplements during the first 3 months and four subjects took the supplements during the second 3 months. Heparinized blood samples were collected at baseline and every month over total 6 months for simultaneous determination of erythrocyte polyamines and plasma micronutrients by the high-performance liquid chromatographic method. For all the measures of erythrocyte polyamines the intraindividual variation was smaller than that between subjects, and three or four measurements required to accurately characterize long-term erythrocyte polyamines for an individual. The intra-class correlations were moderately high for all erythrocyte polyamine measurements, indicating a good reproducibility for intra-individual erythrocyte polyamine measurements. Based on monthly values, significant inverse correlations were found between erythrocyte spermidine and the plasma levels of retinol (r = -0.50) and lutein (r = -0.52). There were also significant inverse associations between erythrocyte spermine and plasma levels of alpha-tocopherol (r = -0.29), lutein (r = -0.44), lycopene (r = -0.29), beta-cryptoxanthin (r = -0.30), and total carotenoids (r = -0.29). The effects of supplementation upon the associations between erythrocyte polyamines and plasma nutrient levels were additionally addressed. The results indicate an acceptable longitudinal reproducibility of erythrocyte polyamine measurements, support the hypothesis that erythrocyte polyamine measurements may be correlated with plasma levels of certain nutrients, and suggest a further biomarker application in cancer prevention trials involving dietary modifications or specific relevant micronutrients.
In order to determine individual variability in the amplitude and duration of the nycthemeral rhythm of the plasma melatonin concentration, 12 ovariectomized estradiol-treated Ile-de-France ewes were submitted to a sequence of 34 long days (LD1, 16L:8D), 21 short days (SD, 8L:16D), and 21 LD (LD2). Intensive blood sampling (hourly from 1 hr before dusk to 1 hr after dawn) was performed for 4 consecutive nights in each of the photoperiodic situations (LD1, SD, LD2), i.e., a total of 12 nights per ewe. Plasma melatonin was assayed by radioimmunoassay. Instantaneous amplitude (difference between each hourly measurement of the plasma melatonin concentration during the nocturnal elevation and the mean diurnal melatonin concentration), mean individual amplitude (same definition but using the mean melatonin concentration during the nocturnal elevation) and duration of elevation of plasma melatonin concentrations were calculated for each ewe and each night and analyzed by variance analysis. Instantaneous amplitude varied significantly with photoperiod, with night intra-photoperiod, with ewes, and time intra-night. Mean individual amplitude varied significantly with photoperiod and with ewe but not with night intra-photoperiod. Dramatic differences between individuals appeared in the amplitude and duration of melatonin rhythms. The lowest mean individual amplitude (all nights of measurement) found was 95 pg/ml and the highest was 544 pg/ml. Overall repeatability coefficient of the mean amplitude of melatonin elevation was 0.71 (P < 0.001). Duration of melatonin elevation varied significantly with photoperiod, with nights intra-photoperiod and with ewes. During LD periods, mean duration of melatonin elevation was equivalent to duration of the night (from 7 to 8 hr), while during SD it varied with ewes from 9 to 16 hr. Repeatability coefficient of the duration of melatonin elevation in SD was 0.57 (P < 0.05). It is concluded that amplitude and duration (in SD) of the nycthemeral rhythm of the plasma melatonin concentration are highly repeatable individual characteristics in the ewe.
Two substrates, acetyl thiocholine iodide ATCI and benzoylcholine chloride BCC were compared for the determination of plasma cholinesterase ChE levels and after incorporation of dibucaine and sodium fluoride in the assay, their usefulness in determining plasma ChE genetic variability was assessed in 64 healthy subjects. With both substrates, plasma ChE levels were found to be in the reference range. However, ATCI could detect only two variants with the usual phenotype UU in 60 of 64 [93.75%] subjects whereas with BCC 6 different groups could be determined. Though both substrates are of equal value in estimation of plasma ChE levels, BCC is definitely superior in determining its genetic variants.
There is substantial agreement among scientists that the variability of a person's blood- to breath-alcohol ratio contributes significantly to the experimental error in results from breath-alcohol analysis. Some have argued that the need to correct for this source of error can be eliminated by reporting breath test results in units of breath-alcohol concentration rather than blood-alcohol concentration. A simple mathematical proof is presented to demonstrate that this is not the case. Moreover, the scientific and legal flaws of this argument are discussed, and recommendations are offered for dealing with the problems that have developed from adoption of this view.
In order to compare the influence of a single bout of exercise on HDL-C metabolism with normal variability, 12 male runners (mean age: 24.9 +/- 4 yr) who ran 15-30 miles per week underwent exercise (E) and control (C) experimental conditions. During the E trial subjects ran on a motor driven treadmill at 75% (42.5 +/- 4.7 ml.kg-1.min-1) VO2max until 800 Kcals were expended. The C trial consisted of no exercise. Subjects were instructed to follow the same diet and keep a four d food diary during each experimental condition. Fasted blood samples were obtained at the same time of day in each condition at time points corresponding to 24 h pre-exercise (24 PRE), 6 h post- (6 h) and 24 h post-exercise (24 h). Plasma was analyzed for HDL-C, HDL2-C and HDL3-C (mg.dl-1). In addition post-heparin plasma samples were analyzed for lipoprotein lipase (LPL) and hepatic lipase (HL) activity (mumol.FFA-1.ml-1). All values were adjusted for changes in plasma volume and compared to Baseline. HDL-C levels were unaltered following the C trial. However, following the E trial, HDL-C increased (p < 0.01) above baseline values at 24 h. The increase in HDL-C was reflected in the HDL3-C subfraction (p < 0.05). Analysis of lipolytic activity revealed an overall greater LPL activity (p < 0.05) in the E trial vs the C trial. In addition, a decrease in HL was observed at 24 h (p < 0.05) but was not different between experimental conditions. These data suggest that exercise and not normal variability are responsible for alterations in lipolytic activity and corresponding increases in HDL-C levels.
UNLABELLED: PET with 13N-ammonia permits the noninvasive quantification of myocardial blood flow (MBF) in humans. The present study was done to assess the reproducibility of quantitative blood flow measurements at rest and during pharmacologically induced hyperemia in healthy individuals. METHODS: Thirty healthy volunteers (26 men, 4 women) were studied. Paired measurements of MBF at rest (n = 21), during adenosine (n = 15) and during dipyridamole (n = 7) were performed using a two-compartment model for 13N-ammonia PET. The mean difference between baseline and follow-up blood flow (% difference) was calculated to assess reproducibility. RESULTS: No significant difference was observed between resting blood flow at baseline or follow-up (15.8% +/- 15.8%; p = ns). Baseline and follow-up resting blood flow were linearly correlated (r = 0.63, p < 0.005). Normalization of resting blood flow to the rate pressure product improved the reproducibility significantly (15.8% +/- 15.8% versus 10.1% +/- 10.5%, p < 0.05). Baseline and follow-up hyperemic myocardial blood flow did not differ (11.8% +/- 9.4%; p = ns) and were linearly correlated (r = 0.69, p < 0.0005). CONCLUSION: MBF at rest can be measured reproducibly with 13N-ammonia PET. The individual response to pharmacologic stress appears to be relatively consistent. Thus, serial blood flow measurements with 13N-ammonia PET can be used to quantify the effect of various interventions on MBF and vasodilatory reserve. 
Conditions of serum protein analysis by capillary electrophoresis were optimized and within day, between day and between capillary variations were examined for both migration times and relative peak areas. For the five currently accepted zones, albumin, alpha 1, alpha 2, beta and gamma-globulin, reproducibilities of migration times were in the range of 2.3-3.1% (n = 200 measurements). Although variations in relative peak areas were slightly higher than those obtained by conventional agarose gel electrophoresis, from a resolution perspective, capillary electropherograms provided better detail than the densitometric scans of agarose gel electrophoresis. Precise localization of C3 and transferrin in capillary electrophoresis resulted in more accurate detection of the beta-globulin fraction. When C3 appeared in the gamma-fraction it was not detected as a separate peak in agarose gel electrophoresis, whereas it was in capillary electrophoresis. In artificially prepared mixtures of highly purified albumin and gamma-globulin preparations, best correspondence with theoretical values was found with capillary electrophoresis. Inter-individual variations and reference values were obtained by measuring 140 samples from healthy controls (59 females, 81 males) with both techniques. For capillary electrophoresis the inter-individual variations of the albumin, alpha 1, alpha 2, beta and gamma fractions were respectively 6, 21, 19, 14 and 18% and for agarose gel electrophoresis 5, 20, 17, 18 and 22%. From these results it can be concluded that the more precise localization of the beta- and gamma-globulin fraction results in about 4% lower inter-individual variations in capillary electrophoresis compared to agarose gel electrophoresis. For the other fractions, comparable variations were obtained. Differences between males and females were not significant. For patient samples, a good correlation was found between capillary electrophoresis and agarose gel electrophoresis data for all five protein fractions. We conclude that separation efficiency of capillary electrophoresis is better than that of agarose gel electrophoresis and even weak monoclonal components can easily be distinguished with the capillary electropherogram. Capillary electrophoresis is a qualitatively good, cheap, fast and easy to perform alternative to agarose gel electrophoresis.
Poppy seeds from seven different origins (Dutch, Australian, Hungarian, Spanish, Czech, and two Turkish) were analyzed for the amount of opiates present. Four grams of each kind of seeds, equivalent to the amount of seeds on two bagels, were ingested by volunteers. One volunteer also ingested four times the same amount of poppy seeds from the same origin (Spanish). During 24 hours urine samples were obtained and screened for the presence of morphine and codeine using the FPIA technique (cut-off = 200 ng/mL) and a GC/MS confirmation with a limit of detection (LOD) of 25 ng/mL for codeine and morphine. Poppy seeds from different origins contain a wide variation of morphine (2-251 micro g/g) and codeine (0.4-57.1 micro g/g) content. No other opiate could be detected. After ingestion a large interindividual variation of excretion of opiates exists. The testing results from the same kind of seeds ingested four times with a one week interval by the same volunteer also show a poor reproduceability. Several kinds of poppy seeds can give positive testing results (Australian, Hungarian, Spanish and one kind of Turkish seeds). Within 24 hours all testing results became negative.
BACKGROUND/AIM: Quantitative measurement of hepatic iron by biochemical analysis of liver biopsy samples is required to assess hepatic iron stores accurately. Cirrhotic livers, however, contain variable amounts of fibrous tissue and the distribution of iron within the hepatic parenchyma is not always uniform. The aim of this study was to assess the variability in hepatic iron concentration measurement from needle-biopsy specimens. METHODS: The livers from eight patients with cirrhosis selected because of elevated serum ferritin were obtained at the time of liver transplantation (n = 6) or at autopsy (n = 2). Multiple needle biopsies were done, and hepatic iron concentration was measured by atomic absorption spectroscopy. The hepatic iron index was calculated as iron concentration divided by age. RESULTS: Four cases had a mean hepatic iron index above 2.0, in the range of that reported in patients with homozygous genetic hemochromatosis, whereas the other four had an hepatic iron index of less than 2.0. The intra-individual coefficient of variation for hepatic iron concentration ranged from 11.3 to 43.7%, averaging 24.9%. The coefficient of variation was smaller in biopsy samples > 4 mg dry weight than in samples < 4 mg (19.8% vs 28.6%, p < 0.05). Histological examination of surgical biopsies from these livers showed large amounts of fibrous tissue, and inhomogeneous distribution or iron in the hepatic parenchyma. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates an important variability in the measurement of hepatic iron content from needle biopsy specimens in patients with severe cirrhosis. 
The between-day repeatability of simultaneous measures of brachial artery diameter (D) (echo Doppler) and mean blood velocity (MBV) (pulsed Doppler) was tested during rest and exercise. On 3 separate days, six volunteers performed one trial of 1-min rest followed by a step increase in dynamic handgrip exercise for 4 min which required the lifting and lowering of a 4.4-kg weight (approximately 8-12% MVC) in a 1s/2s (work/rest) cadence. Measures for MBV and D were collected continuously on a beat-by-beat basis during the transition from rest to end exercise. The mean rest values over one min, and single data points at 30, 60, 120, and 240 s of exercise were extracted from the time series data. At all exercise time points, MBV was greater than rest (P < 0.05), but these levels were not different across test days. Arterial D at all exercise time points ranged from 3.8 +/- 0.1 mm to 4.1 +/- 0.1 mm (mean +/- SEM) and did not differ from rest (3.9 +/- 0.1 mm) (P > 0.05), nor did D differ between days. The mean between-day coefficient of variation for D was 4.08 +/- 0.7% at rest and ranged from 2.90 +/- 0.4% to 3.96 +/- 0.5% during exercise. The coefficient of variation for MBV was 13.2 +/- 2.6% at rest and reached 20.2 +/- 3.1% during the final min of exercise; the exercise variability was reduced to 14.9 +/- 2.4% by averaging MBV over 3 s (the duration of a contraction/relaxation duty cycle) (P < 0.05) with no further advantage of averaging over ten 60-s sample periods. The data indicate that, for the six subjects tested, Doppler ultrasound measures of arterial MBV and diameter during both rest and exercise were reproducible across different test days and can be used as a reliable, noninvasive means of testing hypotheses pertaining to blood flow control.
Circulating zinc concentrations were measured in 73 healthy adult males and females 19-52 years of age who were volunteers for eight different metabolic studies at the University of California, Berkeley. The interindividual variation in the eight studies varied from 5 to 20%; the global coefficient of variation for all studies was 12 +/- 7% (mean +/- SD). The analysis of a reference plasma sample on six different days showed a mean coefficient of variation of 3.8%. Thus, only a small portion of the intraindividual variation is due to day-to-day analytical differences. There was no relationship between circulating zinc concentrations and age, height, or body mass index. Nor were there any significant differences due to gender. Information regarding dietary zinc and protein intakes was available from three-day weighed food intake records from 44 of the subjects. Plasma zinc concentrations were unrelated to the intake of either zinc or protein in those subjects. The results of this study show that the impact of age, gender, body size and dietary zinc or protein on circulating zinc concentrations are too small to be detected in the presence of the analytical and endogenous factors that influence plasma/serum zinc concentrations. Also, within a population of healthy adults, circulating zinc concentrations may vary by as much as 15%.
A study was conducted on the reliability of the serum dioxin measurement of enlisted Ranch Hands veterans participating in the Air Force Health Study using paired serum dioxin measurements. The 46 veterans were not randomly selected, but their demographic characteristics, health, and dioxin levels were similar to those of 404 other enlisted Ranch Hand veterans who had a single dioxin measurement made in 1987. The average time between the measurements was 0.61 years, the first measurement made from blood drawn on 10 April 1987 and the second from blood collected at a subsequent physical examination. In original unit, the coefficient of reliability was 0.87 (95% confidence interval: 0.76, 0.94) when the first measurement was at or below 50 parts per trillion. The measurement had no reliability in original units when the first measurement was greater than 50 parts per trillion. After a logarithmic transformation, the coefficient of reliability was 0.96 (95% confidence interval: 0.93 to 0.98). These results suggest that the serum dioxin measurement should not be used in original units for any purpose when the value exceeds 50 parts per trillion. The measurement is, however, highly reliable after a logarithmic transformation over the entire range of concentrations. Other studies using the same analytical method to measure dioxin in serum could similarly benefit if the measurement used is on the natural logarithm scale.
OBJECTIVE: Reproducibility of the relative dose response test (RDR), a test designed to measure vitamin A status, was tested in 23 Belizean children, 5-8 years after 2-week interval during which no treatment was given. METHODS: As required for the RDR test, serum retinol concentrations were determined before and 5 hours after an oral dose of vitamin A. An RDR score > 14% was used as the criterion of inadequate vitamin A status. The HPLC method used to measure serum retinol concentrations also determined the concentrations of four retinyl esters. RESULTS: The RDR test was reproducible for 17 of 23 subjects: 3 scored > 14% on both tests; 14, < 14% on both. Six subjects scored > 14% on only one test. The concordance correlation coefficient (rc) for the percent change in the two tests was 0.24; for fasting serum retinol concentration, rc = 0.81. For retinyl palmitate and stearate, the esters present in highest concentrations at 5 hours, concordance correlation coefficients were 0.75 and 0.59, respectively. CONCLUSION: The failure of the RDR test to classify 26% of the subjects reproducibly reduces the usefulness of the test. In addition, the reproducibility of the retinyl ester concentrations in serum 5 hours after the retinyl palmitate dose and the relatively high concentrations in some subjects suggests that some individuals may not metabolize sufficient retinol in 5 hours to cause a maximal increase in serum retinol, resulting in an underestimation of deficiency in a population in which the RDR test is used. 
In a double-blind placebo-controlled parallel study, we assessed basal and post-therapeutic sympathetic activity both in supine and standing positions in mildly to moderately hypertensive patients by two different methods: frequency domain indices of heart rate variability (HRV) and plasma levels of both noradrenaline (NA) and its metabolite, 3,4-dihydroxyphenylglycol (DOPEG). Patients were evaluated on placebo and after 8 weeks of treatment with either cilazapril, 2.5-5 mg/day (13 patients) or atenolol, 50-100 mg/day (14 patients). Twenty-four-hour blood pressure was similarly reduced (p < 0.01) by both cilazapril and atenolol. Heart rate decreased with atenolol by 14 beats per min (p < 0.001) but did not change with cilazapril. When compared to the placebo, cilazapril did not modify sympathetic activity indices of HRV but did significantly reduce NA and DOPEG levels in both the supine and standing (p < 0.05) positions. As expected, atenolol reduced (p < 0.05) sympathetic activity indices of HRV but did not modify NA levels in either position. Moreover, while on placebo, patients showed no significant correlations between values of NA or DOPEG, nor in any of the HRV indices. We conclude that: (1) the antihypertensive effects of cilazapril and atenolol are similar, but in these patients, sympathetic activity indices showed divergent results both before and after therapy; (2) this may be due to different aspects of sympathetic activators, assessed independently by different methods, and (3) these discrepancies must be taken into account when evaluating autonomous nervous system parameters.
We conducted studies to measure sources of assay variability for estrone, estradiol, estrone sulfate, and progesterone for postmenopausal women (n = 5) and for women in the mid-follicular (n = 5) and mid-luteal (n = 5) phases of the menstrual cycle. A single blood sample from each woman was divided into 2.5-ml aliquots and stored at -70 degrees C, and sets of two aliquots were sent at monthly intervals to each of three laboratories (four for progesterone). Each aliquot was analyzed in duplicate. Thus, within each menstrual category, we were able to estimate the components of variance due to variation among women, variation among aliquots, variation among duplicate measurements, and variation among the 4 analysis days. Using the logarithm of assay measurements, we estimated the percentage of variance attributable to variation among women in each menstrual category, 100 rho, is the estimated intraclass correlation. For each assay, 100 rho exceeded 90% for mid-follicular and mid-luteal women. For postmenopausal women, values of 100 rho exceed 84% for estrone in two laboratories. Values of 100 rho were lower for progesterone in postmenopausal women, although a value of 84% was estimated from one laboratory. These studies indicate that estrogen assays over a period of 3 months permit reliable comparisons among women in a given menstrual category. Progesterone measurements are likewise reliable for women in the mid-follicular and mid-luteal phases but somewhat less satisfactory for postmenopausal women. These assessments of variability pertain only to laboratory techniques and do not allow for secular variation in intra-woman hormone levels. Moreover, although these measurements tend to be reliable enough for making comparisons among women, estimates of coefficients of variation for estrogens are about 10% for mid-follicular and mid-luteal phase women and about 11-20% for postmenopausal women. Coefficients of variation for progesterone are about 10% for mid-luteal, 20% for mid-follicular, and 30% for postmenopausal women.
Hair from 80 male subjects, smokers and non-smokers, was exposed continuously in a dynamic exposure chamber to constant nicotine vapour concentrations of 20, 200 or 2000 micrograms/m3 for 72 hr. Subgroups of high and low nicotine adsorbing hair were also exposed intermittantly to environmental tobacco smoke for 8 months. Air and hair concentrations of nicotine were determined by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry. The chamber experiments demonstrated a hair nicotine uptake which followed a second order relation to the applied concentrations of nicotine, y = -0.00018x2 + 0.715x + 1.13, r2 = 0.99999. The function and the experimental points showed linearity up to an air nicotine vapour concentration of about 200 micrograms/m+, covering the most relevant range of environmental exposure. An approximately 7- and 2-fold interindividual variation was observed in the hair uptake rate constant of nicotine vapour for the investigated material within the 10 to 90 and 25 to 75% percentiles, respectively. The factors causing this variation were not identified. It was shown that subject age, hair diameter and hair content of eumelanin were without correlation to the rate constants of hair nicotine uptake. The exposure of subgroups of hair to environmental tobacco smoke showed similar uptake profiles of nicotine as that experienced with exposure to pure nicotine vapour, supporting the relevance of controlled chamber nicotine vapour exposures as a relevant tool for the evaluation of hair nicotine uptake from a more complex environmental situation. Standardized measurements of air nicotine vapour and particulate concentrations in a modern office during 3 hr periodical smoking periods, showed that the number of cigarettes smoked was a poor indicator for the estimation of individual exposure to environmental tobacco smoke constituents. Hair nicotine measurements so far seem to be superior to other suggested methodologies for estimation of environmental tobacco smoke exposure, but further studies should be initiated to identify factors determining the rate constant of hair nicotine uptake.
Suggestions that carotenoid-containing foods are beneficial in maintaining health have led to several studies of circulating carotenoid concentrations of adults. Because few data are available for children, we report serum carotenoid concentrations of 493 children in Belize. Carotenoid concentrations were determined as part of a survey of vitamin A status of children, most between 65 and 89 mo of age. Reproducibility was tested by collecting a second blood sample 2 wk after the first collection from a subset of children (n = 23) who consumed their habitual diet with no treatment during the interim. Predominant serum carotenoids were lutein/zeaxanthin and beta-carotene, which accounted for 26% and 24% of median total carotenoids, respectively. The three provitamin A carotenoids, alpha- and beta-carotene and beta-cryptoxanthin, constituted 51% of median total carotenoid concentrations. Partial correlations of each carotenoid with fasting retinol concentration indicated that beta-carotene had the highest correlation. Concordance correlation coefficients (rc) for fasting carotenoid concentrations determined 2 wk apart were > or = 0.89 for lycopene, beta-cryptoxanthin, and alpha- and beta-carotene. The rc for lutein/zeaxanthin and total carotenoids was lower, 0.59 and 0.68, respectively, because of higher lutein/zeaxanthin concentrations at the second sampling than at the first. The reproducibility of the concentrations suggests both that individuals have characteristic profiles and that serum carotenoid concentrations can be measured randomly over > or = 2 wk without significant bias.
The components of biological variation in serum vitamin E in relation to serum cholesterol, triglycerides, high- and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C, LDL-C), apolipoprotein A-I (apo A-I), and apo B were examined in 26 healthy volunteers who had monthly blood samplings during one calendar year. The estimated CVs for vitamin E were: interindividual, 19.9%, and intraindividual, 11.9%; the index of individuality (I-index) was 0.59. The I-indices for all lipid variables were < 0.51. Serum concentrations of vitamin E, cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL-C, LDL-C, and apo B were lower in spring than in the other seasons. The peak-trough differences in the yearly variations, expressed as a percentage of the mean, were for vitamin E 14.5%, cholesterol 16.2%, triglycerides 14.5%, and LDL-C 24.3%. A significant common annual rhythm was expressed in vitamin E or lipid variables and in the changes in ambient temperature the weeks before blood sampling (inverse relations). There were highly significant positive time relations between serum vitamin E and cholesterol, triglycerides, and apo B. Subjects with higher homeostatic setpoints of cholesterol showed higher homeostatic setpoints of vitamin E, triglycerides, LDL-C, and apo B.
The ratio of blood-alcohol concentration (BAC) to breath-alcohol concentration (BrAC) was determined for 799 individuals apprehended for driving under the influence of alcohol (DUI) in Sweden. The BrAC was determined with an infrared analyzer (Intoxilyzer 5000S) and venous BAC was measured by headspace gas chromatography. The blood samples were always taken after the breath tests were made and the average time delay was 30 +/- 12 min (+/- SD), spanning from 6 to 60 min. The blood/breath ratios of alcohol decreased as the time between sampling blood and breath increased (F = 15.4, p < 0.001), being 2337 +/- 183 (6 to 15 min), 2302 +/- 202 (16 to 30 min), 2226 +/- 229 (31 to 45 min), and 2170 +/- 225 (46 to 60 min). When the BAC was corrected for the metabolism of alcohol at a rate of 0.019 g%/h, the mean blood/breath ratios were 2395 +/- 193 (6 to 15 min), 2416 +/- 211 (16 to 30 min), 2406 +/- 223 (31 to 45 min), and 2407 +/- 210 (45 to 60 min); no significant differences (F = 0.197, p > 0.05). The overall mean time-adjusted blood/breath ratio (+/- SD) was 2407 +/- 213 and the 95% limits of agreement (LOA) were 1981 and 2833. During 1992, 1993, and 1994, the mean blood/breath ratios of alcohol were remarkably constant, being 2409 +/- 288, 2407 +/- 206, and 2421 +/- 235, respectively, and the values were not significantly influenced by the person's age, gender, or blood-alcohol content. In 34 individuals (4.3%), the blood/breath ratio was less than 2100 after compensating for metabolism of alcohol between the times of sampling blood and breath. This compares with 156 individuals (19.6%) having a blood/breath ratio less than 2100:1 without making any correction for the metabolism of alcohol.
We evaluated postmortem diffusion of gastric drug residue into tissues and blood in eight suicidal overdoses. Analyses were performed on liver (five sites), lung (four sites), spleen, psoas muscle and kidney (left and right), blood (peripheral and torso), vitreous, pericardial fluid, bile and, urine as well as residual gastric contents. Standard analytical techniques and instrumentation gas chromatograph/mass spectrometer and high performance liquid chromatography (GC-MS and HPLC) were used throughout. These case studies confirm previous studies of an animal and human cadaver model of gastric diffusion, in that in several instances there was drug accumulation in the left posterior margin of the liver and, to a lesser extent, the left basal lobe of the lung. Uncontrollable variables, such as postmortem interval, refrigeration before autopsy, and position of the body appear to influence significantly drug accumulation in a specific site. We suggest that autopsy sampling techniques should be standardized on blood taken from a ligated peripheral (preferably femoral or external iliac) vein, and liver from deep within the right lobe.
Binding of 3H-imipramine to blood platelet membranes was determined four times (once each season) in 26 healthy volunteers (11 men and 15 women), over the course of 1 year to determine possible seasonal variations. Blood platelets were obtained in April-May, July-August, October-November, and January-February. Significant seasonal variations in the maximum number of binding sites were found in women but not in men, with circannual peak in summer and a nadir in spring. The pattern of seasonal variations was not the same in men and women. The present results highlight the importance of monitoring for gender and season in binding studies. We found no significant correlation between 3H-imipramine binding parameters and age.
Evaluation of 1 million incontinent American nursing home residents is hampered by both failure to detect incontinence and logistical barriers to diagnostic testing. The nationally mandated Minimum Data Set (MDS) and Resident Assessment Protocol (RAP) were devised to address these deficiencies. Although both instruments are also used in at least 18 other countries, neither has been evaluated. Our goal was to determine the reliability of the MDS and the accuracy of the RAP in predicting the lower urinary tract cause of incontinence. We determined interrater reliability for the 13 MDS items related to urinary incontinence in 123 randomly selected residents of 13 nursing homes in 5 states; forms were completed blindly by 2 nurses from each facility who were trained for a day. The RAP was assessed in 102 representative institutionalized women by blinded evaluation of its diagnostic accuracy compared with the multichannel videourodynamic criterion standard. For the MDS, interrater reliability for incontinence of all grades was excellent (weighted kappa correlation coefficient = 0.90), although reliability was greater at the extremes of measurement than for incontinence of intermediate severity. With the exception of delirium, correlations for the 11 MDS items related to incontinence were 0.65-0.96; for 6 items, correlations were > or = 0.8. The diagnostic accuracy of the RAP, successfully administered to 80% of women, was 70%. The accuracy of the nearly identical algorithm that formed the basis for the RAP was 84%. Importantly, serious misclassifications were not observed for either the RAP or the algorithm. Although its definitions should be modified slightly, the MDS appears to be feasible and reliable when administered by trained staff. In women, the diagnostic accuracy and safety of the RAP are good-particularly when administered as instructed-but the original, sex-specific algorithm is preferable. Together, the MDS and modified RAP provide a useful, stepwise, and non-urodynamically based strategy to guide evaluation and therapy of incontinence in this setting.
Serum hormones have been intensively investigated in association with several chronic diseases, but limited information exists on the reliability of a number of hormone determinations. The one-year reproducibility of dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), total and free testosterone, total estradiol, insulin, C-peptide, and prolactin was studied in 60 premenopausal and 47 postmenopausal women recruited in Varese province, Italy, 1991-1992. The hormonal determinations were made in blood samples collected twice, one year apart, after 12-h fast, in the same month, day, and hour and for premenopausal women on the same day of the luteal phase of the menstrual cycle. Samples from the first drawing were stored at -80 degrees C. Samples from both drawings were assayed simultaneously and in blind fashion. Total estradiol in postmenopause was not evaluated for limitation in the sensitivity of the laboratory method. The intraclass correlation coefficient in premenopausal women was 0.85 for DHEAS, 0.60 for total testosterone, 0.66 for free testosterone, 0.81 for insulin, 0.83 for C-peptide, 0.40 for prolactin, and 0.06 for total estradiol. In postmenopausal women, the coefficient was 0.90 for DHEAS, 0.88 for total testosterone, 0.71 for free testosterone, 0.67 for insulin, 0.73 for C-peptide, and 0.18 for prolactin. These data indicate that total estradiol measured during the luteal phase has a poor intraindividual reproducibility over time, and these findings may have important implications in studies of hormones in the etiology of chronic disease.
The laboratory reliability and validity of sex hormone measurements were examined at multiple levels, including lower levels characteristic of children and postmenopausal women. Serum was drawn from four adult male and four adult female healthy volunteers. From each individual's serum pool, a medium- and a low-dilution pool were created. Biochemical analyses for total and non-sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG)-bound estradiol, estrone, estrone sulfate, progesterone, and SHBG were performed on female samples. Male samples were analyzed for total and non-SHBG-bound testosterone, dihydrotestosterone, androstenedione, and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate. Two aliquots from each pool were assayed twice in each of two labs. All assays except SHBG in one lab used RIA procedures. Reliability was assessed by variance components analyses and estimated coefficients of variation (CVs). Validity was assessed by comparing observed measurements versus expected values based on known dilution ratios. For the testosterone and dihydrotestosterone assays, CVs were usually less than 10%. For estradiol and progesterone, CVs were usually less than 15%. Assays with larger estimated CVs included androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, estrone, and estrone sulfate. Absolute levels differed markedly between labs for most assays. Observed measurements generally agreed with values expected from the dilution ratios. A notable exception was the estrone assay at the lowest dilution level, where observed measurements were 2-4 times those expected. A similar but less pronounced overestimation bias for the low levels of estradiol was also suggested. This intra- and interlaboratory variability and apparent low dilution overestimation should be accounted for in studies relating hormones to cancer risk, especially those involving children and postmenopausal women.
This study explored the variability of zidovudine concentrations with computer simulations and measured concentrations. A one-compartment oral absorption model was selected to characterize zidovudine disposition. Mean (+/-standard deviation) values for the pharmacokinetic parameters were taken from the literature. Five different Monte Carlo simulations (50 each) were performed of zidovudine concentrations following repetitive administration of 100-mg oral doses 6 times/day in patients weighing 45-85 kg. A sixth simulation considered a weight-adjusted regimen. Predicted concentrations were compared with those measured in 30 HIV-infected persons receiving 100 mg/dose. Predicted concentrations 1 hour after 100 mg was administered fell in the range of 0.52-5.18 microM; measured values in 30 patients were 0.54-3.07 microM. This study confirms substantial variability in zidovudine serum concentrations. The simulation study of a weight-adjusted regimen suggests one possibility to reduce this variability. These observations provide a basis to explore dosing strategies that control for pharmacokinetic and perhaps pharmacodynamic sources of interpatient variability.
We assessed the magnitude of the genetic component in the variation of circulating levels of insulin-like growth factors I and II (IGF-I and IGF-II), and their binding proteins IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-3 by measuring their serum concentrations in 32 monozygotic and 47 dizygotic adult twin pairs of the same sex. The intrapair correlation for the IGF-I levels was r = 0.41 (P < 0.009) for monozygotic twins and r = 0.12 (P < 0.22) for dizygotic twins. For the IGF-II concentration the intrapair correlations were r = 0.66 (P < 0.0001) for the monozygotic and r = 0.34 (P < 0.01) for the dizygotic twins. No significant intrapair correlation was found for IGFBP-1 levels in either group. The correlations for IGFBP-3 concentration were r = 0.65 (P < 0.0001) and r = 0.23 (P < 0.06) for monozygotic and dizygotic twins, respectively. Women had higher IGF-II levels than men (635+/-175 vs. 522+/-144 microg/liter; P < 0.0001) and IGFBP-3 levels were also higher in women compared with men (5441+/-1018 vs. 4496+/-1084 microg/liter; P < 0.001). The proportion of variance attributable to genetic effects was 38% for the IGF-I concentration, 66% for the IGF-II concentration, and 60% for the IGFBP-3 concentration. No significant heritability was found for the IGFBP-1 concentrations. Our results show that, in adults, there is a substantial genetic contribution responsible for interindividual variation of the circulating levels of IGF-I, IGF-II, and IGFBP-3, but not for the IGFBP-1 levels.
Residual urine volume, though clinically important as a diagnostic tool, is reported to be variable and unreliable. Variability was examined among 14 geriatric patients, mean age 77 years. Residual urine was measured by ultrasound at three different times of day on each of two visits separated by 2-4 weeks. Results were examined by analysis of variance. Mean residual urine was 154 ml. Between-patient variability was large [standard deviation (SD) 246 ml]. There was no significant difference between values in men and women, nor between visits. Within-patient variability was large because of a large systematic variation with time of day (SD 128 ml), with greatest volumes in the early morning. The inherent, random variability of the measurement was much smaller than this (SD 44 ml). If the physiological factors causing the temporal variation could be controlled, more reproducible measurements would be possible.
For either clinical or research purposes, the timing of the nocturnal onset in production of the urinary melatonin metabolite 6-sulfatoxymelatonin (UaMT6s-onset), has been proposed as a reliable and robust marker of circadian phase. However, given that most circadian rhythms show cycle-to-cycle variability, the statistical reliability of phase estimates obtained from a single study using UaMT6s-onset remains to be determined. Following 2 weeks of sleep diary and wrist actigraphy, 15 young, healthy good sleepers participated in four UaMT6s sampling sessions spaced 1 day apart. During the sampling sessions subjects remained indoors under low light conditions and hourly urine samples were collected from 19:00 to 02:00 h. Samples were subsequently assayed for UaMT6s using standard radioimmunographic techniques. UaMT6s-onset was determined by the time at which melatonin production exceeded the average of three proceeding trials by 100%. Sleep onset times were derived from sleep diary and actigraphic measures taken before the melatonin collection nights. We found that there was no significant variation between nights in group mean UaMT6s-onset times, and intraindividual variability was small. In addition, UaMT6s-onset times were highly and significantly correlated between nights (grand mean r = 0.804). Our results suggest that within 95% confidence interval limits, individual UaMT6s-onset estimates obtained from a single night UaMT6s-onset study can be used to predict subsequent UaMT6s-onset times within +/- 97 min. A close temporal relationship was also found between the timing of UaMT6s-onset and sleep onset. Overall, our results suggest that under entrained conditions single-session UaMT6s-onset studies can provide reliable individual UaMT6s-onset phase estimates and that the protocol described in this study is a practical and noninvasive methodology.
Within-person and methodological variability of a given analyte are important elements in determining whether an individual has altered concentrations of that analyte. We report the short-term (1 month) within-person, between-person, and methodological variability of plasma homocysteine in 20 healthy participants from whom samples were drawn weekly for 4 weeks. The short-term between-person variance was high, whereas within-person and methodological variances were relatively very low, giving a high reliability coefficient (R) for homocysteine (R = 0.94). The long-term (30 months) reliability coefficient was 0.65, but was greatly influenced by an outlier (R = 0.82 with the outlier excluded). The data suggest that an individual's plasma homocysteine concentration is relatively constant over at least 1 month, and a single measurement characterizes the average concentration reasonably well.
This paper presents an analysis of the relationship between variation in the low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) gene region and interindividual variation in plasma lipid and apolipoprotein levels in a sample representative of the adult population of Rochester, Minn. (217 females and 187 males aged 26 to 63). This relationship was analyzed by estimating the average excesses of alleles of the LDLR gene defined using RFLP markers both singly and simultaneously. We also used a cladistic approach to illustrate the consequences of incorporating evolutionary information into the analysis of genotype-phenotype relationships. Although results from both approaches supported the inference that common variation in the LDLR gene region associates with small effects on plasma lipid and apolipoprotein levels, only the cladistic approach provides direction for further work aimed at identifying the functional DNA sequence variations responsible for the observed associations.
In women who have an increased Down syndrome risk in a first pregnancy there is a five-fold greater chance of also having an increased Down syndrome risk in a second subsequent pregnancy. Similarly, in women who have a high alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) level in the first pregnancy, suggesting an increased risk of a neural tube defect (NTD), there is also a five-fold greater chance of them also having a high result in a second subsequent pregnancy. Such a biological association of serum marker levels between pregnancies suggests that there are additional maternal or genetic factors influencing the levels of these serum markers, other than the physiological factors which in themselves are poorly understood. In theory, it is possible to correct for high/low marker results in a previous pregnancy and to do so, I estimate, would reduce the overall Down syndrome screening false-positive rate by about 0.2 per cent. There are insufficient data to make any prediction regarding the impact on detection rates. The small reduction in false-positive rate is unlikely to be a feature worth implementing in Down syndrome screening programmes.
In order to develop decentralized anticoagulant care by off-site blood sampling and transport of samples to a centralized laboratory for International Normalized Ratio (INR) determination we have performed a direct comparative study of INR stability. Analysis was performed daily for 5 d using nine thromboplastins. The overall mean difference of INR after 3d was only 0.05 INR units for samples with a therapeutic INR. After 5 d there was a mean difference of 0.11 INR units with 'non-Manchester' reagents and 0.44 INR units with 'Manchester' reagents. With over-anticoagulated samples mean differences of 0.55-0.72 INR units were observed after 3 d and 1.16-2.46 INR units after 5 d. Although there was some variation in stability of results with different thromboplastins, the difference over time with each thromboplastin was much less than the difference between thromboplastins. In conclusion, there is no clinically significant change in INR when analysis is delayed for up to 3 d. Off-site blood sampling can accommodate a large increase in patient workload without a major revenue increase in primary care and with continued total quality management and central expert advice.
BACKGROUND/AIMS: The aim was to study the reproducibility of magnetic resonance velocity mapping, when measuring portal vein and superior mesenteric artery blood flow, under fasting and post-prandial conditions. Magnetic resonance flow measurements for the portal vein were compared with echo-Doppler measurements in the right portal vein. METHODS: Eight healthy volunteers were studied on two occasions, separated by 1 week. Blood flow in the portal vein and superior mesenteric artery was measured repeatedly under basal fasting conditions. On one occasion measurements were also made after a meal. Every magnetic resonance measurement was followed by an echo-Doppler measurement in the right portal vein. Correlations between flow values were calculated using Pearson's r. Variability components were assessed using ANOVA. RESULTS: Intra-individual variability was approximately 7% for portal vein flow measurements using magnetic resonance velocity mapping. This variability did not increase after 1 h, 1 week and after a meal. Values of flow measured in the portal vein and superior mesenteric artery using magnetic resonance velocity mapping correlated well (r = 0.80, p < 0.001). Fasting portal flow as measured with magnetic resonance velocity mapping was 1.2 l/min (range 0.96-1.6 l/min). Variability in echo-Doppler measurements was comparable to the variability of magnetic resonance velocity mapping, and flow measurements obtained with the two techniques correlated well (r = 0.74; p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Magnetic resonance velocity mapping accurately measures blood flow in the portal vein with low variability and should be preferred when absolute flow values are necessary. Echo-Doppler measurement of the right portal vein has a low variability and can be used to study changes in flow. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine if changes in serum homocysteine values during folic acid supplementation can identify objectively healthy subjects with subclinical folate deficiency. DESIGN: Blood drawn and processed in a regimented fashion from fasting subjects. Serum homocysteine values determined by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry twice before and on days 5 and 8 of daily folic acid supplementation. SETTING: Outpatient University Hospital Clinical Research Center, Denver, Colorado. SUBJECTS: Subjectively healthy adults with normal hematologic and biochemical screening tests. INTERVENTION: Folic acid 1 mg daily for eight consecutive days. RESULTS: Homocysteine values of the group fell significantly during folic acid supplementation. Values pre supplementation were 7.8 +/- 1.8 and 7.4 +/- 2.4 mumol/L while values on days 5 and 8 of supplementation were 6.5 +/- 2.2 and 6.3 +/- 2.2 mumol/L. However, the homocysteine values of any given individual varied up to 60% (rises up to 7 mumol/L and falls of 5 mumol/L) during folic acid supplementation despite the controlled circumstances of blood handling, and an assay coefficient of variation of 8%. CONCLUSIONS: Although group values of serum homocysteine fall during folic acid supplementation, intraindividual variation is so great that subjects with subclinical folate deficiency can not be identified using this study design. Furthermore, these data suggest than an individuals homocysteine values vary enough that single values must be interpreted with caution. 
AIMS: Nicotine nasal spray and transdermal nicotine are effective aids to smoking cessation, and are being evaluated for treatment of other medical diseases. Wide variation in levels of nicotine and its metabolite, cotinine, have been observed with such therapies. This study aimed primarily to assess sources of individual variability in nicotine and metabolite plasma levels from these dosing systems and from cigarette smoking. METHODS: Twelve cigarette smokers, studied on a clinical research ward, received four treatments of 5 days duration each, including (1) cigarette smoking, 16 cigarettes/day; (2) transdermal nicotine, 15 mg/day; (3) nicotine nasal spray, 24-1 mg doses/day; (4) placebo nicotine nasal spray, 24 doses/day. On a different occasion, the disposition kinetics of nicotine and cotinine were determined via infusion of deuterium-labeled nicotine and continine. Plasma levels of nicotine, cotinine, and 3'-hydroxycotinine and daily intake of nicotine during various treatments were examined, as well as pharmacokinetic factors that determined plasma nicotine and continine levels. RESULTS: There was considerable individual variation in plasma nicotine and cotinine levels and in the daily of nicotine absorbed from various delivery systems, with most variability with nicotine nasal spray (fivefold) and least for transdermal nicotine (two-to threefold). Plasma nicotine levels were determined most strongly by nicotine clearance. Continine levels were determined most strongly by dose of nicotine and, to a lesser extent, the clearance of cotinine and fractional conversion of nicotine to continine. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma levels of nicotine and cotinine produced by nicotine therapies are highly variable, due to both wide variability in individual pharmacokinetics and in dose delivery from the products. To compensate for individual differences in clearance, individualization of nicotine dosing based on therapeutic drug monitoring with comparison to nicotine or continine levels during cigarette smoking prior to treatment may be necessary to optimize nicotine therapy. This study also validates a recently proposed method for estimating absolute bioavailability of a drug using drug and metabolite pharmacokinetic data, and presents novel data on plasma levels of the metabolite trans-3'-hydroxycotinine in people. 
1. Although plasma noradrenaline and muscle sympathetic nerve traffic have been shown to be suitable markers of sympathetic activity in man, no study has systematically compared the reproducibility and sensitivity of these two indices of adrenergic tone. 2. Reproducibility data were collected in 10 subjects, in whom plasma noradrenaline was assessed by HPLC on blood samples withdrawn from an antecubital vein and efferent postganglionic muscle sympathetic nerve activity was measured by microneurography from a peroneal nerve, together with arterial blood pressure (Finapres technique). Measurements were obtained in a first session (session 1), 60 min later (session 2) and after 14 days (session 3). While muscle sympathetic nerve activity values recorded in the three different experimental sessions were closely and significantly correlated with each other (r always > 0.90, P < 0.001), noradrenaline showed a less significant correlation between sessions 1 and 2 (r = 0.71, P < 0.05) or no correlation between sessions 1 and 3 (r = 0.45, P not significant). 3. Sensitivity data were collected by evaluating muscle sympathetic nerve activity and noradrenaline values in three different age groups (young, middle-age and old subjects, n = 18), in three groups with different blood pressures (normotensive, mild and severe hypertensive subjects, n = 30) and in a group of eight subjects before and after a physical training programme, i.e. conditions known to increase or reduce sympathetic cardiovascular drive. Muscle sympathetic nerve activity was significantly increased by aging and hypertension, and reduced by physical training. The noradrenaline changes were much less marked and consistent. 4. These data suggest that muscle sympathetic nerve activity has a greater short- and medium-term reproducibility than noradrenaline. In several conditions known to modify sympathetic cardiovascular drive muscle sympathetic nerve activity also appears to change more clearly than noradrenaline.
Following a dose of 4 Gy 250 kVp X-rays to the blood lymphocytes from three healthy donors the frequency of micronuclei was enumerated by three scorers. Eight slides were prepared from each blood sample with 1000 cytokinesis-blocked binucleate cells being scored for micronuclei and a recount undertaken 4 weeks later. Seven possible sources of variation were investigated: differences between donors, scorers, the four stages of sample preparation and time. A complete factorial analysis indicated that the major sources of variation were differences between donors and differences between scorers. One scorer identified fewer micronuclei than did the other two scorers in all slides of the irradiated blood samples and gave wide and inconsistent results for baseline counts. These results suggest that the performance of scorers should be screened before undertaking analysis of micronuclei. The most striking result, however, was the consistent performance of the scorers on the repeat counts compared with the very large differences between the scorers.
Compared with peripheral blood sampling, capillary blood collecting by finger stick is less traumatic and more convenient. To assess the sensitivity and reliability of capillary blood for the lymphocyte micronucleus (MN) assay, this study was performed in three sample groups, i.e. healthy donors (n = 3), cancer patients before treatment (n = 7), and cancer patients who were undergoing fractionated partial-body radiotherapy (n = 9). For each group, we measured three intra-individual variables, i.e. micronucleus (MN) frequency, binucleate (BN) index, and micronucleated BN index of lymphocytes obtained from capillary blood and the corresponding peripheral blood. Our results indicated that in all three sample groups, the differences in these variables between capillary blood and peripheral blood either before or after ex vivo 137Cs irradiation (2 Gy) were insignificant. Since capillary blood is more accessible than peripheral blood, we believe that it is a reliable source for the lymphocyte MN assay especially when venipuncture is not convenient.
Most immunoassays applied to drugs in human plasma do not use an extraction of analyte. To compensate for interferences due to plasma proteins or salts, standards are prepared in drug-free plasma. Because the concentration of plasma components varies from one subject to another, it is likely that the drug-free plasma is not representative of the potential interference in each plasma. Using two immunoassays, for a steroid (nomegestrol acetate) and a heptapeptide (BN 52080), the authors have shown that tracer binding to the antibody may vary significantly between plasma from different subjects. Intersubject variability of tracer-antibody binding was 21.6% (coefficient of variation for 25 subjects) for nomegestrol acetate. When the same plasma were spiked with the steroid at a concentration corresponding to the central part of the standard curve, the recovery was between 39 and 215%. Intersubject variability in tracer binding was lower (7.7%) for the peptide immunoassay, but still affected accuracy. The authors show that this problem is common to direct immunoassays for other drugs and must be solved in assay development.
Plasma HDL subclasses were examined by gradient gel electrophoresis in repeated samples to assess variability over time. Absorbance of the protein stain was used as an index of mass concentrations at 0.01-nm intervals within five HDL subclasses: HDL3c (7.2 to 7.8 nm), HDL3b (7.8 to 8.2 nm), HDL3a (8.2 to 8.8 nm), HDL2a (8.8 to 9.7 nm), and HDL2b (9.7 to 12 nm). Three separate longitudinal studies of men showed that repeated samples of HDL over time were correlated most strongly within HDL2b, somewhat less within HDL2a, and more weakly within HDL3a, HDL3b, and HDL3c. As in men, repeated samples in women from two studies were significantly correlated within the HDL2b, HDL2a, and HDL3b intervals. Plasma HDL2b levels were significantly more stable in men than in women. Although the variability of HDL subclass measurements includes both methodological and physiological sources, differences in laboratory measurement error do not appear to explain the differences in correlations among subclasses. Specifically, analysis of 288 replications from frozen aliquots suggested that laboratory error had the least effect on correlations involving HDL3 subclasses and only slightly greater effect on correlations involving HDL2 subclasses. Our results suggest that for plasma sampled over time, the stability of HDL subclass levels increases with particle size. Prior reports of subclass-specific correlations between HDL and other variables (eg, diet, exercise, and other lipids) are unlikely to be artifacts of laboratory precision but could arise from subclass differences in variability that are physiological.
PURPOSE: Color Doppler imaging (CDI) is a relatively new technique that allows quantification of blood flow velocity in orbital and ocular vasculature. Despite the numerous clinical studies that have used CDI, repeatability of this technique and agreement between observers have not been documented. METHODS: The authors performed a prospective investigation of the repeatability and agreement between observers on ophthalmic artery blood flow velocity measurements in 35 patients (35 eyes). RESULTS: Results on the estimated error of measurement (variability between repeated readings on the same subject) indicate good repeatability of the measurements; in fact, the measurement variances were only 5.6% for the peak systolic velocity, 11.4% for the end diastolic velocity, and 6.2% for the mean envelope velocity. The statistical analysis of repeatability showed a very narrow 95% confidence interval for both observers. The measurement of agreement between the two observers demonstrated the existence of a good concordance of the measurements taken by each observer on each subject. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggest that CDI is a reliable tool for quantitative assessment of ophthalmic artery blood flow velocity. 
BACKGROUND: The purpose of this study was to determine the accuracy of determinations of left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) by a nonimaging miniature nuclear detector system (Cardioscint) and to evaluate the feasibility of long-term LVEF monitoring in patients admitted to the coronary care unit, with special reference to the blood-labeling technique. METHODS AND RESULTS: Cardioscint LVEF values were compared with measurements of LVEF by conventional gamma camera radionuclide ventriculography in 33 patients with a wide range of LVEF values. In 21 of the 33 patients, long-term monitoring was carried out for 1 to 4 hours (mean 186 minutes), with three different kits: one for in vivo and two for in vitro red blood cell labeling. The stability of the labeling was assessed by determination of the activity of blood samples taken during the first 24 hours after blood labeling. The agreement between Cardioscint LVEF and gamma camera LVEF was good with automatic background correction (r = 0.82; regression equation y = 1.04x + 3.88) but poor with manual background correction (r = 0.50; y = 0.88x - 0.55). The agreement was highest in patients without wall motion abnormalities. The long-term monitoring showed no difference between morning and afternoon Cardioscint LVEF values. Short-lasting fluctuations in LVEFs greater than 10 EF units were observed in the majority of the patients. After 24 hours, the mean reduction in the physical decay-corrected count rate of the blood samples was most pronounced for the two in vitro blood-labeling kits (57% +/- 9% and 41% +/- 3%) and less for the in vivo blood-labeling kit (32% +/- 26%). This "biologic decay" had a marked influence on the Cardioscint monitoring results, demanding frequent background correction. CONCLUSION: A fairly accurate estimate of LVEF can be obtained with the nonimaging Cardioscint system, and continuous bedside LVEF monitoring can proceed for hours with little inconvenience to the patients. Instability of the red blood cell labeling during long-term monitoring necessitates frequent background correction. 
Cerebral blood flow velocity (CBFV) was measured using Doppler ultrasound on the first day of life in a consecutively admitted cohort of 52 very low birthweight infants. Recordings were made for a period of 1 min. The coefficient of variation for the area under the curve of 20 successive cardiac cycles was calculated, and a 20 cycle moving window then applied to the whole recording. This showed that the coefficient of variation varied widely during 1 min in any individual, the range being from 2% to 28% (median 8%). There was a strong correlation between the variability in CBFV and that in systemic blood pressure (BP). Variability in CBFV was significantly higher in babies with hypotensive episodes (P = 0.026). Babies who died had a higher maximum coefficient of variation than those who survived (P = 0.05), but we were unable to confirm any association with brain injury or patent ductus arteriosus.
The biological variability of urinary bone resorption markers was measured in 30 healthy and 20 postmenopausal osteoporotic women. The second spot urines were collected at weekly intervals for 5 weeks and urinary pyridinium crosslinks, hydroxyproline, calcium and Ntx were evaluated. Results are discussed in relation to analytical variability, critical difference values and index of individuality. In conclusion monitoring and classifying bone turnover in groups of persons are well established, but the routine use of urinary biochemical bone markers in the individual patient is of limited use.
Urine specific gravity (Usg) and urine osmolality (Uosm) are used routinely to assess renal concentrating ability, but limited data on these variables are available for healthy dogs. Consequently, we studied the intra- and interindividual variations in Usg and Uosm in healthy dogs as well as the influence of age and gender on these variables. Dogs were selected for health and anestrus in female dogs through the use of a detailed questionnaire. Eighty-nine owners collected morning and evening urine samples from their dogs on 2 consecutive days. In 8 dogs in which the Uosm of different samples varied more than 50%, owners collected urine for 24 hours at 2-hour intervals during the day and at 4-hour intervals at night. The possible effect of changes in adrenocortical function with age was assessed by measurements of urinary corticoid/creatinine (C/C) ratios. Among all samples, Uosm ranged from 161 to 2,830 mOsm/kg and Usg from 1.006 to > 1.050. In the morning, Uosm (1,541 +/- 527 mOsm/kg, range 273-2,620 mOsm/kg) and Usg (1.035 +/- 0.010, range 1.009-->1.050) were higher than in the evening (Uosm 1,400 +/- 586 mOsm/kg, range 161-2,830 mOsm/kg; Usg 1.031 +/- 0.012, range 1.006-->1.050). The interindividual coefficient of variation in Uosm was 34.2% for morning urine samples and 41.9% for evening samples. In 8 dogs with large differences in urine concentration, there were 2- to 3-fold increases or decreases in Uosm during the day, and the intraindividual coefficient of variation was 33.0%. There was no relation between gender and urine concentration. Urine concentration in both the morning and evening samples decreased with age. Urinary corticoid/ creatinine ratios did not change with age. It can be concluded that Uosm and Usg vary widely among healthy dogs. Urine concentration is generally lower in the evening than in the morning and is not related to gender. Urine concentration decreases with age, and this cannot be ascribed to an associated increase in endogenous corticoids. In some dogs, Uosm varies widely during the day, with an intraindividual coefficient of variation approaching the interindividual coefficient of variation. This may be regarded as a biologic variation but also could represent an early undiagnosed clinical abnormality.
Measurement of the urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) is essential for the early diagnosis and monitoring of diabetic nephropathy; immunonephelometry is a procedure used worldwide for routine screening of diabetic patients. Since we have met with occasional inconsistent values of UAER in serial urine collections, we searched for possible sources of analytic error. To assess the best working conditions of the instrument in use, the stability of urine samples during storage and the need for previous urine centrifugation, we assayed repeatedly the six automatically diluted points of the standard curve (55.6 to 1.7 mg/l), four control samples of human albumin in saline (100 to 1 mg/l) and 24-h urine collections from outpatient diabetic subjects. The last were also assayed with and without previous centrifugation, and both immediately after collection as well as after storage at -20 degrees C for 7, 42, 79, 97, 128 and 161 days. We concluded that: (1) pre-analytic centrifugation of urine samples in unnecessary; (2) the intra-assay coefficient of variation (CV) of the standard curve changed from 2.4% to 9.3% when moving from the highest to the lowest concentration; the inter-assay CV changed from 4.1% to 14.4%, respectively; (3) the intra-assay CV of the control samples (manually prepared) changed from 5.7% to 10.2% and the inter-assay CV from 7.7% to 22.9%; there was a constant and significant (P < 0.01) underestimation (from -9% to -30%) of the obtained values compared with the expected concentrations; (4) a progressive decrease in recovered albumin by multiple freezing and thawing of urine samples did occur, which became significant after 161 days of storage. In the BNA workbook (menu 7.1, assay protocols), a 7-day validity of the reference curve is reported. Moreover, to economize, pre-dilution cuvettes were often recycled in our hospital central laboratory. We observed that: the intra-assay CV for urine samples was 79.4% with recycled cuvettes and stored standard curve, 11.3% with new cuvettes and stored standard curve, 4.9% with both new cuvettes and newly performed standard curve; the inter-assay CV was 32.6%, 10.5% and 6.4%, respectively. These data emphasize, from the laboratory viewpoint, the need for both accurate calibration of BNA and use of native urines; in addition, they stress the importance of careful supervision of laboratory routine and interpreting analytic results in the clinical setting.
The Sheffield electrical impedance tomography; (EIT) system produces images of changes in the distribution of resistivity within tissue. The paper reports on the application of electrical impedance tomography in monitoring volume changes in the limb during venous occlusion. The aim of the study is to assess the feasibility, reproducibility and validity of calf blood flow measurements by EIT. In 14 healthy volunteers calf blood flow is compared, as determined in a calf segment by strain-gauge plethysmography (SGP), with the impedance changes measured by EIT during rest and post-ischaemic hyperaemia. The measurements are repeated to assess reproducibility. The reproducibility for the EIT, assessed from the repeated measurements and expressed as a reproducibility coefficient, is 0.88 during rest and 0.89 during hyperaemia. The reproducibility coefficient for SGP data is 0.83 at rest and 0.67 during hyperaemia. Flow measurements, assessed by means of two methods, correlate well at rest (r = 0.89), but only moderately during hyperaemia (r = 0.51). The correlation coefficient for the pooled flow measurements is 0.98. It is concluded that EIT is a valid and reliable method for assessing blood flow in the limb. Possible applications of EIT in localising fluid changes are discussed.
A small increase in the risk of breast cancer has been reported after long term use of combined estrogen-progestagen treatment. Free oxygen radicals and antioxidants such as glutathione are involved in the regulation of proliferation and apoptosis and thereby in carcinogenesis. To study whether the glutathione levels are sex hormone dependent, we used the microdialysis technique to measure the in vivo concentrations of glutathione in breast tissue and sc fat during the menstrual cycle. Six healthy women (23-32 yr old) were investigated early in the follicular phase and the midluteal phase. Two 60-min fractions each were collected by microdialysis of periumbilical fat and breast tissue, respectively. The samples were stored at -70 C and analyzed by high performance liquid chromatography. Glutathione concentrations increased in the midluteal phase compared to those in the follicular phase in both adipose tissue and breast tissue (P < 0.05). The variability of glutathione levels during the menstrual cycle, with higher levels late in the menstrual cycle, indicates that the antioxidant system could be sex hormone dependent. This may be of importance in breast cancer development.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the sensitivity, specificity, and predictive values of an elevated anion gap as an indicator of hyperlactatemia and to assess the contribution of blood lactate to the serum anion gap in critically ill patients. DESIGN: Prospective study. SETTING: General intensive care unit of a university hospital. PATIENTS: 498 patients, none with ketonuria, severe renal failure or aspirin, glycol, or methanol intoxication. MEASUREMENTS AND RESULTS: The anion gap was calculated as [Na+]-[Cl-]-[TCO2]. Hyperlactatemia was defined as a blood lactate concentration above 2.5 mmol/l. The mean blood lactate concentration was 3.7 +/- 3.2 mmol/l and the mean serum anion gap was 14.3 +/- 4.2 mEq/l. The sensitivity of an elevated anion gap to reveal hyperlactatemia was only 44% [95% confidence interval (CI) 38 to 50], whereas specificity was 91% (CI 87 to 94 and the positive predictive value was 86% (CI 79 to 90). As expected, the poor sensitivity of the anion gap increased with the lactate threshold value, whereas the specificity decreased [for a blood lactate cut-off of 5 mmol/l: sensitivity = 67% (CI 58 to 75) and specificity = 83% (CI 79 to 87)]. The correlation between the serum anion gap and blood lactate was broad (r2 = 0.41, p < 0.001) and the slope of this relationship (0.48 +/- 0.026) was less than 1 (p < 0.001). The serum chloride concentration in patients with a normal anion gap (99.1 +/- 6.9 mmol/l) was comparable to that in patients with an elevated anion gap (98.8 +/- 7.1 mmol/l). CONCLUSIONS: An elevated anion gap is not a sensitive indicator of moderate hyperlactatemia, but it is quite specific, provided the other main causes of the elevated anion gap have been eliminated. Changes in blood lactate only account for about half of the changes in anion gap, and serum chloride does not seem to be an important factor in the determination of the serum anion gap. 
AIMS: Transdermal iontophoresis in combination with laser Doppler fluxmetry (LDF) are useful techniques for examining dermal microcirculatory responses to different vasodilators. Differences in skin and microcirculation structure could influence the recorded baseline flux, and the observed vasodilatation. To examine this we compared baseline flux and the response of microvascular blood flow to a single vasodilator, acetylcholine, at sites in the forearm and hand. METHODS: Baseline microcirculation flow was recorded by LDF in a temperature controlled laboratory. The change in flux with iontophoresis of identical doses of acetylcholine, 150 microA for 40 s, was recorded at 12 different sites in the forearm and hand in 10 female and 3 male subjects. RESULTS: Baseline flux patterns and the vasodilatation to identical periods of iontophoresis of acetylcholine were site dependent. Palmar sites showed a higher baseline flux, but no vasodilatation to iontophoresis of acetylcholine. In contrast the volar forearm, dorsal hand and finger sites showed lower site-dependent baseline flux, but did vasodilate. CONCLUSIONS: Patterns of baseline flux are specific to sites on the hand and forearm reflecting differences in underlying microvascular structure. The vasodilatation to transdermal delivery of acetylcholine is also site dependent, but differences in skin structure may be more important than the underlying microvasculature in determining the response. 
To assess the genetic control of the induction of the adaptive response after low-dose ionizing radiation, the frequencies of chromosome aberrations were evaluated in four pairs of monozygotic twins, two pairs of dizygotic twins, and in nine unrelated individuals. Stimulated cells were exposed to adaptive dose of 5 cGy gamma rays at 24 h and challenge dose of 150 cGy gamma rays at 42 h. Cells were fixed at 48 h and chromatid and isochromatid breaks were evaluated. The adaptive response was found in two pairs of monozygotic twins, but not in the two other pairs. Individual differences in adaptive response between the members of monozygotic twins were very small. In contrast, the variability in the adaptive response between the members of dizygotic twins was much greater and was similar to that observed in the unrelated donors. The results confirmed that heterogeneity in the adaptive response after exposure to low-dose gamma rays was controlled genetically to a considerable extent.
Rapid and simple enzyme immunoassays (EIAs) were recently developed to measure 2-hydroxyestrone and 16alpha-hydroxyestrone in unextracted urine. The balance between these competing estrogen metabolism pathways may serve as a biomarker of breast cancer risk. Before testing these assays in epidemiologic studies, we evaluated their reproducibility, and validity relative to gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy (GC-MS). Overnight 12-hr urine collections from five midfollicular premenopausal women, five midluteal premenopausal women, and five postmenopausal women were aliquoted and stored at -70 degrees C. Two aliquots from each woman were assayed with the EIAs in a random, blinded order, monthly over 4 months and 1 year later. Reproducibility over 4 months was good for both metabolites in premenopausal women (coefficient of variation = 8-14%) and satisfactory in postmenopausal women (approximately 19%). Reproducibility over 12 months remained good in premenopausal women, but was poor in postmenopausal women, with mean readings increasing 50 to 100%. Wide variation in estrogen metabolite levels enabled a single EIA measurement to characterize individual differences among premenopausal women in midfollicular (intraclass correlation coefficient = 98-99%) and midluteal phase (85-91%). A narrower range in metabolite levels among postmenopausal women reduced discrimination (78-82%). The correlation between EIA and GC-MS measurement was excellent for both metabolites (r>0.9), except for 2-hydroxyestrone in postmenopausal women (r=0.6). Analysis of absolute agreement suggested that both EIAs were less sensitive than GC-MS, and each detected nonspecific background. The low concentration of estrogen metabolites in urine from postmenopausal women may explain the problems with reproducibility and validity in this menstrual group. Accordingly, more sensitive EIAs have been developed and are now being evaluated.
To assess the measurement error by using single exposure measurement in epidemiologic studies, reproducibility of urinary beta 2-microglobulin and cadmium excretion was evaluated among persons exposed to environmental cadmium. We measured urinary beta 2-microglobulin concentrations in 47 subjects four times and urinary cadmium concentrations in 48 subjects twice, during a 3-year period. Between-person and within-person variance components of these variables were estimated using a random-effects one-way analysis of variance model. The intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) for urinary beta 2-microglobulin concentration, when expressed as microg/g creatinine and microg/l, was 0.92 and 0.89, respectively. The ICC for standardized urinary cadmium concentration (expressed as microg/g creatinine) was 0.81, while it decreased to 0.33 without standardization. The findings suggest that single measurement of urinary beta 2-microglobulin and cadmium, when expressed as a function of creatinine, can reliably estimate average levels over at least a 3-year period. Standardization of concentration using urinary creatinine improved reproducibility especially for urinary cadmium excretion.
Elevated fibrinogen concentrations are recognized as playing an important role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. In the framework of a risk factor survey in 342 middle-aged working men, screened twice over a period of five months, plasma fibrinogen levels were found to be fairly unstable as large discrepancies between both measurements were observed. Due to a substantial proportion of within-person variability, the reliability coefficient was only R = 0.56. Repeatability was highest in higher educated and physically more active men. Our data suggest that the impact of elevated fibrinogen levels on the development of ischemic heart disease and stroke, is likely to be under-estimated.
PURPOSE: The activity of dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase (DPD), the rate-limiting enzyme in fluorouracil catabolism, has been reported to vary according to time of day. We wished to determine whether peak and trough DPD activities occurred at uniform times in six subjects, whether individual patterns fit a discernible profile, and whether such patterns were consistent and reproducible over time. METHODS: Mononuclear cells were isolated from peripheral blood at 3-h intervals over a 24-h period on three different dates over a 6-month period. DPD activity was determined by incubating cellular lysates with [3H]FUra and measuring [3H]dihydrofluorouracil formation over time. RESULTS: When the data were averaged by study date for each subject, the median value for the average DPD activity (11.0 pmol/min per 10(6) cells) was significantly different from both the median peak (21.1 pmol/min per 10(6) cells, P = 0.004) and median trough activities (4.0 pmol/min per 10(6) cells, P = 0.002). Within the six subjects, the average DPD activity for the three study dates differed by a median of 2.4-fold (range 1.2- to 4.8-fold). The time at which peak and trough DPD activities occurred varied between subjects: 8 of the 17 peaks (47%) occurred between 10:00 p.m. and 6:00 a.m., 6 (35%) occurred between 8:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m., and 3 (18%) occurred between 5:00 p.m. and 8:15 p.m. Thus, the time of day when the peak occurred was essentially randomly distributed over the 24-h period of observation (P = 0.68). Ten (59%) of the trough DPD activities occurred between 7:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. The median interval between the peak and trough was 6.5 h. The data were also expressed as percent of the mean for each individual's 24-h sampling period, and reordered as time from peak rather than as the actual time of day. When the combined data for all cycles was considered, the trough occurred 6-9 h after the peak, and the DPD levels subsequent to the peak did not display merely random variation (P = 0.0055). CONCLUSIONS: DPD activity levels and the times at which peak and trough DPD activities occurred varied both between and within subjects. If fluctuations in DPD activity influence the tolerability of fixed-rate infusions of FUra, these data suggest that a single variable-rate infusion regimen may not be suitable for all patients nor for a given individual treated over several months. 
The aim of this study was to test the hypothesis that differences in oxygen tension (PO2) and carbon dioxide tension (PCO2) values from measurements performed on different blood gas analysers in different laboratories are clinically insignificant. Samples of fresh whole human tonometered blood (PO2 8.1 kPa (60.8 mmHg); PCO2 5.3 kPa (39.9 mmHg)) were placed in airtight glass syringes and transported in ice-water slush. Blood gas analysis was performed within 3.5 h by 17 analysers (10 different models) in 10 hospitals on one day. The mean of the differences between the measured and target values was -0.01+/-0.19 and 0.21+/-0.13 kPa (-0.06+/-1.45 and 1.55+/-1.01 mmHg) for PO2 and PCO2, respectively. The mean of the differences between two samples on one analyser was 0.06+/-0.06 and 0.04+/-0.03 kPa (0.47+/-0.48 and 0.29+/-0.24 mmHg), respectively. For PO2 and PCO2 the interinstrument standard deviations (s(b)) were 0.18 and 0.13 kPa (1.38 and 0.99 mmHg), respectively, whereas the intra-instrument standard deviations (s) were 0.06 and 0.03 kPa (0.47 and 0.26 mmHg), respectively. Both for PO2 and PCO2 the ratios of s(b)2 and s2 were statistically significant (analysis of variance (ANOVA) p<0.001). The standard deviations of a random measurement on a random analyser were 0.19 and 0.14 kPa (1.46 and 1.02 mmHg) for PO2 and PCO2, respectively. We conclude that the variability in measurement of blood gas values among different blood gas analysers, although negligible, depends much more on inter- than intra-instrument variation, both for oxygen tension and carbon dioxide tension. Technical improvements and adequate quality control programmes, including tonometry, may explain why the variability in blood gas values depends mainly on errors in the pre-analytical phase.
The feasibility of using near infrared reflection spectroscopy for non-invasive blood glucose monitoring is discussed. Spectra were obtained using a diode-array spectrometer with a fiberoptic measuring head with a wavelength ranging from 800 nm to 1350 nm. Calibration was performed using partial least-squares regression and radial basis function networks. The results of different methods used to evaluate the quality of the recorded spectra in order to improve the reliability of the calibration models, are presented.
PURPOSE: To evaluate the interobserver variability and the reproducibility of retinal and optic nerve head capillary blood flow measurements performed with a new noninvasive equipment, the scanning laser Doppler flowmeter (Heidelberg Engineering, Heidelberg, Germany). METHODS: Blood flow measurements were performed during three independent sessions in six patients with glaucoma and five normal subjects using the scanning laser Doppler flowmeter (SLDF), which allows the visualization of perfused capillaries and vessels of the retina and optic nerve head and enables the quantification of capillary blood volume, flow, and velocity in any selected area of the perfusion map. To evaluate the interobserver variability in selecting the areas in the perfusion map to be measured, three observers tried to locate the same areas in the perfusion map of images obtained during the first session. To evaluate the reproducibility of the measurements, the observers measured correspondent areas in the peripapillary retina and in the optic nerve head of images from the three sessions. Areas of different sizes (10 x 10 pixels and 4 x 4 pixels) were measured. RESULTS: The agreement between readings performed by the three observers was very good, with the reliability coefficient for the various parameters varying from 0.90 to 0.98. The reproducibility of retinal and lamina cribrosa measurements with the 10 x 10 pixel square target was good (reliability coefficient for the different parameters ranging from 0.70 to 0.85) and much better than the reproducibility of the 4 x 4 pixel target. The measurements performed in the neuroretinal rim area also had poor reproducibility. The measurements from the patients with glaucoma tended to be more reproducible than those from normal subjects. CONCLUSIONS: The SLDF allows reproducible blood perfusion measurements of retinal and lamina cribrosa areas when a target square of 10 x 10 pixels is used. 
PURPOSE: To determine the reproducibility and the normal reference range of pulsatile ocular blood flow (POBF) values in healthy subjects using the Ocular Blood Flow Tonograph (OBF Laboratories, UK Ltd., Wiltshire, England). METHOD: Pulsatile ocular blood flow was measured in one eye of each of 83 patients. Coefficient of reliability was determined by calculation of intraclass correlation coefficient via one-way analysis of variance. Mean difference between measurements was calculated for bias and first exposure effects. Pulsatile ocular blood flow from 163 healthy individuals were analyzed to determine the distribution, mean, standard deviation (SD), range, and the 5th and 95th percentile values. The influence of age, blood pressure, pulse rate, and intraocular pressure on pulsatile ocular blood flow was determined by regression analysis. RESULTS: Reliability coefficient for pulsatile ocular blood flow values ranging from 290 microliters/min to 2,196 microliters/min was 0.92. Variation in bias and first exposure effect were not significant. Pulsatile ocular blood flow values were normally distributed. Mean values were 669.90 +/- 233.0 microliters/min in men and 841.90 +/- 254.6 microliters/min in women. Fifth and ninety-fifth percentile values were 364.75 microliters/min and 1,266.10 microliters/min in men and 397.18 microliters/min and 1,346.10 microliters/min in women. Pulsatile ocular blood flow was significantly influenced by pulse rate. CONCLUSION: This study confirms the reliability of the Ocular Blood Flow Tonograph in repeated measurements of POBF within individuals over short time intervals. The high interindividual variation in POBF may invalidate comparison of POBF between individuals, and the wide range of normal values may limit the value of using a low POBF as a possible indicator of disease. 
The interindividual variability of the hydrolysis of leucine enkephalin, and of the formation of its hydrolysis by-products has been studied in human plasma. In agreement with known data, the data obtained indicate that Leu-enkephalin is degraded by several enzymes, belonging to three classes: aminopeptidases, dipeptidylaminopeptidases, and dipeptidylcarboxypeptidases. The relative ratio of the substrate degraded by each enzyme class-as well as the expression of the single enzyme species within each class-appears to be individually determined. Interindividual variability observed seems controlled by two main factors: the pattern of enkephalin-degrading enzymes and, more notably, the low molecular weight plasma inhibitors. Both these factors appear to be partially specific of each donor. Possibly because of the composition of these factors, the hydrolysis pattern of the substrate is characteristic of each donor, and constant in blood obtained from successive drawings, at least within a relatively short period of time.
Aplastic anemia (AA) is characterized by multilineage bone marrow failure of unknown etiology. In order to assess the role of immune-mediated mechanisms in hematopoietic suppression, we examined the diversity of T lymphocyte repertoire in terms of variable (V) gene segment usage of the T cell receptor (TCR) beta chain in bone marrow and peripheral blood of six patients with severe untreated AA. Expression of transcripts encoding Vbeta1-Vbeta24 subfamilies was analyzed by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). The results revealed that T lymphocytes in AA utilize highly diverse segments of the beta chain loci. Over the heterogenous Vbeta expression background, transcripts encoding Vbeta3, Vbeta20, Vbeta21, and Vbeta22 subfamilies were enhanced by at least threefold in 5 of 6 patients as compared to normal samples, but a different transcript species was over expressed in each patient. To evaluate clonality of T cells, size diversity within the complementarity determining region 3 (CDR3) and usage of TCRbeta joining (J) gene segments were analyzed in PCR products specific for each of the 24 Vbeta subfamilies. We found that the majority of transcripts display normal CDR3 size patterns, as is characteristic of polyclonal populations. Nevertheless, one or two predominating junctional rearrangements were observed in each patient. They were identified in Vbeta5, Vbeta7, Vbeta8, Vbeta13, Vbeta15, Vbeta16, and Vbeta23 transcripts, which differed from patient to patient and did not correspond to transcripts with an abnormally high expression level. Our results demonstrate that T cell repertoire in AA is random with respect to the TCR beta chain. Unique rearrangements detected in the CDR3 region are suggestive of a limited process of an antigen-driven (oligo)clonal T cell expansion which may take place over the overwhelmingly polyclonal repertoire of T lymphocytes at the onset of severe AA.
T-cell subsets and soluble factors of immune system activation are increasingly used as biologic markers of disease and predictors of disease progression. For example, changes in CD4 cells and CD4:CD8 ratio, sIL-2R, B2M, neopterin, and IgA have been used in predicting AIDS onset and progression. We examined the temporal variability of T-cell subsets, monocytes, natural killer cells, B cells, immunoglobulins, soluble interleukin-2 receptor (sIL-2R), neopterin, and beta-2 microglobulin (B2M) among 135 adults tested at two time points approximately 3 months apart. The purpose of the study was two-fold: (1) to assess the stability of these measures at two points in time, and (2) to investigate which parameters tend to track together over time, i.e., show significant longitudinal correlation. Mean population values for these immunologic parameters remained remarkably stable over the 3-month period. However, individual subjects exhibited significant temporal variability for many parameters. Unlike observations in patients with AIDS, changes in immunoglobulins and other soluble factors were not significantly correlated with changes in cellular subsets over the same period. However, change in B2M was correlated with change in neopterin (r = .35, p < or = .0001), and change in IgA was correlated with changes in IgG and IgM (r = .44, r = .54, P < or = .001 for both). Characterizing this temporal variability in a healthy population provides important information for researchers applying these tests in clinical and epidemiological studies.
UNLABELLED: We recently proposed a simplified technique for measuring regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) using the [123I]N-isopropyl-p-iodoamphetamine (IMP) autoradiographic (ARG) method with SPECT (the IMP-ARG method). We examined normal values of rCBF and the reproducibility and sensitivity to hypoperfusion in stroke patients using this method. METHODS: By using a standard arterial input, a single static scan, a fixed distribution volume (Vd) and one-point arterial blood sampling, we measured rCBF in 39 normal volunteers (19 men and 20 women; mean ages 61 +/- 11 yr for the men and 60 +/- 12 yr for the women). Eighteen neurologically stable patients with prior stroke (mean age = 65 +/- 11 yr) were studied twice at a mean interval of 97 days. In 16 patients (7 men and 9 women, mean age = 63 +/- 5 yr) with subarachnoid hemorrhage, rCBF was measured 1-2 wk after onset. Cerebral vasospasm was evaluated by repeated angiography. The mean rCBF in the vasospastic area was compared with that in a nonvasospastic area. RESULTS: The mean rCBFs of the cerebral cortex and centrum semiovale in the volunteers were 33.0 +/- 5.1 ml/100 g/min and 25.0 +/- 4.5 ml/100 g/min, respectively. There was no age-dependent change in rCBF, but the women showed significantly higher cortical rCBF than the men (p < 0.05). In the stroke patients, the whole-brain CBF values showed high reproducibility, with high correlations between those obtained at the first and second studies (y = -3.5 + 1.03x; r = 0.90; p < 0.001). In the subarachnoid hemorrhage patients, the vasospastic area showed significantly lower rCBF than the normal cortical rCBF (p < 0.01) and the nonvasospastic area (p < 0.01). Brain regions with rCBF levels below 20 ml/100 g/min showed infarction on the follow-up CT scan. CONCLUSION: The IMP-ARG method is reproducible, sensitive to hypoperfusion and feasible for the quantitative evaluation of rCBF in routine clinical practice. 
The reproducibility of myocardial motion trajectories calculated from cine phase-contrast (PC) velocity data is reduced by artifacts due to the inconsistent motion of intracardiac blood. Spatial presaturation reduces these artifacts but requires a longer sequence TR, with a potentially negative effect on trajectory accuracy and reproducibility. We investigated the effect of spatial presaturation on trajectory reproducibility. A mid-ventricular transaxial slice was imaged in five normal volunteers. The same slice was imaged three times each with sequences using spatial presaturation or not. Because the most serious artifacts originate in the heart chambers and propagate in the phase-encoded direction, myocardial regions that were in line with the heart chambers (in the phase-encode direction) had the highest artifact level in the scans without spatial presaturation. The reproducibility of trajectories for regions placed in these areas (the anterior wall, septum and posterior wall in the transaxial scans with phase encoding in the anterior-posterior direction) improved by a factor of two when presaturation was used (P < .001). In areas that were not in line with the heart chambers (eg, the anterior aspect of the lateral wall in the transaxial scans), the effect of presaturation was not significant. These results correlate well with the measured reduction in artifact level. The reproducibility of myocardial motion trajectories over large areas of the heart is improved to approximately 1 mm when presaturation is used. Therefore, use of presaturation is recommended for myocardial motion studies using cine PC velocity data.
Cortisol is secreted by children and adults in a pulsatile pattern of 15-30 peaks and nadirs each day with a circadian rhythm. Newborns are known to lack the circadian pattern, leading to uncertainty about the appropriate time for blood sampling for assessment of adrenal function. Because extremely low birth weight (ELBW) infants may manifest signs of adrenal insufficiency, knowledge of the pattern of cortisol levels is necessary to guide the appropriate timing of blood sampling. To define the pattern of plasma cortisol levels in 14 ELBW infants, we obtained blood specimens every 20 min over a 6-h period at 4-6 days of life. Although cortisol levels in the 14 infants ranged from 2.0-54.5 micrograms/dL, each infant's cortisol levels varied little from his or her own mean cortisol level. The SDs calculated from each infant's mean cortisol level were small, ranging from 0.37-4.12 micrograms/dL. Cluster analysis was applied to the data; only 0.6 cortisol pulses/infant 6-h period were detected. Each infant's plasma cortisol levels were plotted against time, and regression analysis was performed. The slopes of the resulting lines of regression ranged from -0.0284 to 0.0221. Our data indicate that ELBW infants show little variability in their plasma cortisol levels over time; therefore, a single random measurement provides an adequate reflection of the adrenal status of the ELBW infant.
BACKGROUND: Because of the wide range of recommended threshold values for carotid stenosis graduation we performed a prospective study to determine interobserver and interequipment variability of quantitative blood flow velocity measurements. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We recorded absolute blood flow velocities and velocity ratios in 21 patients with carotid artery stenosis using two colour coded duplex ultrasound systems an ATL Ultramark 9 HDI, and a Hewlett Packard SONOS 2500 system. The ATL system was used for the interobserver variation study, where each patient was examined twice on the same day. The Doppler angle was recorded together with blood flow velocities (peak systolic velocity and mean maximum velocity from the velocity-time-integral both in the stenosis jet and 4-5 cm distally in the cranial portion of the internal carotid artery off poststenotic turbulences). RESULTS: The ATL system generated significantly higher blood flow velocity values as compared with the HP system (218 +/- 156 cm/s vs. 169 +/- 114 cm/s; p < 0.001). The Mean Velocity Ratio (the ratio of intrastenotic Vmean and poststenotic Vmean) was constant with both duplex systems. The HP system yielded 10% (Cl, 7-13%) lower predicted stenosis estimates than the ATL system with Vmax as the stenosis criterion. The stenosis estimates calculated from Mean Velocity Ratio values did not differ significantly. The 95% Cl for predicted diameter reduction between two observer was 13.6% (Vmax) and 15.4% (Mean Velocity Ratio). CONCLUSION: Because of significant interequipment differences of colour coded duplex ultrasound systems we recommend calculation of the Mean Velocity Ratio to avoid interpatient and interequipment variation of absolute flow velocities. According to our interobserver variability study, a change of more than 15% diameter reduction on follow-up examinations indicates disease progression or regression. 
The homogeneity of drug concentrations in skeletal muscle was assessed in eight fatal overdoses. Ten to 30 random samples were taken from leg muscle weighing 1,650 to 7,985 g. For cases involving paracetamol the mean muscle-to-blood ratio ranged from 0.1 to 1.1 (n = 4) for amitriptyline 1.1 to 3.6 (n = 3), and for dothiepin 0.8 to 2.1 (n = 2). The coefficient of variance was large for all drugs, ranging from 10.5 (carbamazepine) to 50 (thioridazine). Skeletal muscle is not homogeneous with respect to drug concentrations in fatal overdose cases. Of 16 instances of drug detection in blood 2 (nortriptyline and promethazine) were not detected in muscle. Muscle-to-blood drug ratios varied significantly among cases, possibly influenced by survival time after drug ingestion. Quantitative interpretations of muscle drug levels present significant difficulties. However, skeletal muscle can be used for qualitative corroboration of blood analyses and is a suitable specimen for drug detection where none other is available.
To further assess the reliability of the Shtrasburg method for detection of amyloid A in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissues and to expand the spectrum of the amyloid proteins analyzed by this method, we studied formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded amyloid-containing tissues obtained from patients with the following types of amyloidosis: amyloid A, light chain, transthyretin, calcitonin, beta2 microglobulin, and senile seminal vesicle. The tissue samples were deparaffinized, processed, and subjected to sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis and the Western blot technique. Only specimens from patients with amyloid A amyloidosis gave protein bands: a single 8.5-kd band in lanes of all tissues studied, except thyroid tissue, which displayed two bands of about 5 and 10 kd. Other types of amyloid failed to show any protein band. These findings suggest that the Shtrasburg method is sensitive, specific, and reliable and may have an important role in the diagnosis of amyloidosis.
In this study, the reproducibility of color Doppler duplex sonography for repeated measurements of renal blood flow was evaluated in 14 healthy subjects. We examined the reproducibility for different examiners and different time intervals between the examinations. Doppler frequency sonograms were analyzed with several parameters, and statistical evaluation was performed by calculating both the correlation coefficient (r) and coefficient of variation (CV). Peak systolic velocity (S), early diastolic velocity (D1) and mean velocity (MV) showed good reproducibility (r = 0.902-0.992, CV = 2.15-8.16%). On the other hand, end-diastolic velocity (D2), acceleration time (AT) and acceleration index (AI) showed poor reproducibility. We conclude that the reproducibility of this method is acceptable for repeated measurements of renal blood velocity, using suitable parameters S, D1 and MV.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the quality of studies seeking to establish measurement properties (reliability and validity) of ultrasonic estimation of urinary bladder volume. DESIGN: Online searching of the MEDLINE database between 1966 and 1995, and scanning of bibliography of known studies on ultrasonic bladder volume estimation. Study selection and study quality assessment were performed independently by two reviewers. Each article was evaluated for suitability of the reference standard, adequacy of reported blinding of the observers and appropriateness of the statistical index of concordance. The last two of these guidelines were applied to reliability studies (evaluating the relation among observed ultrasonic estimations), and all three guidelines were applied to validity studies (evaluating the relation of ultrasonic estimation with a definitive measurement). POPULATION: One hundred and twenty-five participants enrolled in the five reliability studies and 769 participants in the 27 validity studies selected for appraisal of their quality. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Rate of study compliance with preset criteria for high quality. RESULTS: None of the studies complied with all of the criteria for high methodologic quality. In the five reliability studies, investigators did not report adequate blinding of observers in three (60%) and an appropriate index of reliability was not used in any. Among the 27 validity studies, there was a lack of a suitable reference standard in 6 (22%), an inadequate blinding in 25 (93%), and an inappropriate index of validity in all (100%). CONCLUSION: Based on our guidelines for quality assessment, a large proportion of studies on measurement properties was found to have inadequate methods, raising concern about the credibility of the reliability and validity estimates reported. These deficiencies highlight the lack of rigour employed in the design, conduct and analysis of reliability and validity studies, which has the potential for leading to patient mismanagement due to biases in the assessment of measurement variability in clinical investigations. 
Studies on short-term renal responses to (pharmacological) intervention require accurate and multiple collection of urine samples. Several invasive techniques have been described for frequent urine collection of the conscious rat, each having their own limitations. No data are available about the feasibility of the spontaneously voiding, freely moving rat for this purpose. In the present study, bladder voidings of six rats were time-registered and collected separately for several days. The data show a considerable 24-h variation coefficient of both the voided volume and the bladder collection time with a poor correlation between the two parameters. Forced diuresis induced by continuous i.v. infusion (2 ml/h) increased the frequency of urine voiding and thus the time-resolution of the urine-production pattern. However, this method failed to reduce the variation coefficient of the voided volume, the collection time, and the correlation between the two parameters. The fact that variations in creatinine excretion paralleled the variation in urinary flow suggests that both phenomena are likely be due to incomplete bladder emptying. Correction for this incomplete bladder collection, using the creatinine excretion, indeed reduced the variation coefficient of sodium excretion successfully from 61 +/- 17% to 29 +/- 5% during normal diuresis and from 56 +/- 19% to 22 +/- 6% during forced diuresis. In conclusion, the spontaneously voiding, freely moving rat can be used for short-term renal response studies if the collected urine samples are corrected for incomplete bladder emptying using urinary creatinine concentrations. This procedure allows the detection of changes in a urinary parameter if this exceeds a 40% deviation of the normal value.
We conducted a within-subject comparison of the effects of clozapine and haloperidol on plasma levels of neurotransmitters and metabolites, and related changes in specific plasma neurochemicals with clozapine response. The subjects were 14 inpatients with schizophrenia or schzoaffective disorder, who were refractory to haloperidol and at least one other typical antipsychotic medication. Subjects underwent, in the following order: a 6-week "fixed, flexible dose" haloperidol trial, followed by a 2-4 week medication-free phase, and a 6-week clozapine trial. Plasma levels of norepinephrine (NE), homovanillic acid (HVA), and 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycol (MHPG), and objective clinical ratings of total, positive, negative, and depressive symptoms were obtained at the end of each phase. As expected, we found a substantial increase of plasma NE with clozapine but not with haloperidol. However, the increase in NE was not associated with improvement in total or positive symptomatology. There was some evidence for an association between improvement in negative symptoms and increased HVA on clozapine, as well as diminished HVA during the medication-free phase. The implications of these data for understanding the mechanisms of action of clozapine are discussed.
OBJECTIVE: To determine whether the "spot" method of determining fractional excretion (FE) of electrolytes in cats is accurate. ANIMALS: 5 clinically normal young adult female cats. PROCEDURE: Cats were acclimated to metabolism cages, and 2 consecutive 72-hour collections of urine were made to determine FE of total calcium, potassium, total magnesium, sodium, and phosphorus by conventional methods, using endogenous creatinine clearance as an estimate of glomerular filtration rate. During collections, small samples of urine were obtained by cystocentesis at 8 AM, 3 PM, and 9 PM for determination of FE of the electrolytes by use of the "spot" method. RESULTS: Values from "spot" determinations were highly variable, compared with 72-hour values, with a high percentage falling outside the range of mean +/- 2 SD for 72-hour FE values. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: The "spot" method for determining FE is not precise, and if used, caution and judgement should be exercised in interpretation of the results. 
Although widely used, the reliability of fingerstick platelet counts for determining donor eligibility and for use with plateletpheresis predict yield programs has not been established. We compared platelet counts obtained from fingerstick vs. venous samples in several aspects of apheresis platelet collection. Analysis of 25 paired fingerstick and venous predonation samples demonstrated a poor correlation between platelet counts (r2 = .43), with fingerstick counts having a 20% lower mean value (P < .05). The effect of using fingerstick vs. venous predonation platelet counts with apheresis instrument predict yield calculations to obtain target yields was determined. Mean yields collected using fingerstick/predict yield were 12% (Fenwal CS3000 PLUS) and 15% (Haemonetics MCS+) higher than venous/predict yield units (P < .05). The coefficients of variation (CV) of fingerstick/predict yield and venous/predict yield collections were comparable (15% vs. 14% [CS3000] and 23% vs. 21% [MCS+], respectively), indicating that possible differences in accuracy between fingerstick and venous platelet counts had little effect on the variability of predict yield collections. A retrospective analysis of the CV of 100 fingerstick/predict yield units vs. 100 units collected by processing standard volumes showed no difference: 22% vs. 20% (F = 0.99, CS3000), and 22% vs. 24% (F = 0.89, MCS+), respectively. We conclude that fingerstick platelet counts are systematically lower and correlate poorly with venous counts, though their use seldom results in false disqualification of donors. We also conclude that fingerstick count/predict yield collections do not produce more consistent yields of platelets than standard volume collections.
Pharmaceuticals in human plasma are determined on underivatized fused-silica capillaries by micellar electrokinetic capillary chromatography (MEKC) without sample pretreatment. Our best method to date uses as running buffer a sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS) containing borate buffer (60 mM with 200 mM SDS) at pH 10. Between runs, proteins adsorbed to the capillary wall are removed by an acetonitrile and SDS-buffer rinsing regimen (50% v/v each). A day-to-day precision for relative peak areas of about 2% relative standard deviation (RSD; n > 40) has been reached. Different rinsing approaches are discussed (salts, enzyme-containing solutions, organic solvents, hydrofluoric acid). The separation system is tested in a concentration range between approximately 100 mg/L-10 mg/L. Correlations between the limit of quantitation, the limit of detection and the signal/noise are discussed. The applicability of the system is demonstrated for the pharmaceuticals acetaminophen, salicylic acid, sulfamethoxazole, tolbutamide, and trimethoprim.
A theoretical model is developed to simulate the flow of blood through the capillary network in a single alveolar septum. The objective is to study the influence of random variability in capillary dimension and compliance on flow patterns and pressures within the network. The capillary bed is represented as an interconnected rectangular grid of capillary segments and junctions; blood flow is produced by applying a pressure gradient across the network. Preferred flow channels are shown to be a natural consequence of random anatomic variability, the effect of which is accentuated at low transcapillary pressures. The distribution of pressure drops across single capillary segments widens with increasing network variability and decreasing capillary transmural pressure. Blockage of one capillary segment causes the pressure drop across that segment to increase by 60%, but the increase falls to < 10% at a distance of three segments. The factors that cause nonuniform capillary blood flow through the capillary network are discussed.
Risperidone blood levels were measured every 2 weeks after initiation of therapy in 24 refractory chronic schizophrenic patients referred to a locked, skilled nursing facility for long-term treatment. Blood levels were assessed on 285 occasions over a 1- to 16-month treatment program. Drug plasma level increases peaked by 2 months for risperidone at 334% and by 6 months for 9-hydroxy-risperidone at 104% over the baseline levels. Total blood levels (risperidone plus 9-hydroxy-risperidone) peaked at 111% increase at 6 months and then declined 8% per month to 12 months, stabilizing at a value 31% higher than the initial value. Significant dose to blood level interindividual variation was noted. Considerable blood level variation was evident in single blood level sample determinations. The results suggest the value of risperidone blood levels, consideration of reduction of initial recommended starting dosages, and a need to optimize risperidone dosage approaches individually to patients.
The biological role of the very low density lipoprotein receptor (VLDL-R) in humans is not yet elucidated. This cellular receptor binds apolipoprotein E (apoE)-containing lipoparticles and is mainly expressed in peripheral tissues. The VLDL-R gene contains a polymorphic triplet (CGG) repeat located 19 bp upstream of the initiation codon. We explored the allelic distribution of this repeat in 1384 subjects of European Caucasian origin, 609 of them surviving a myocardial infarction. Six alleles corresponding to 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 11 repeats were detected in this population. The alleles 5, 8, and 9 were the most frequent, with frequencies of 0.413, 0.275, and 0.292, respectively. No association was found between the VLDL-R polymorphism and myocardial infarction. In controls without lipid lowering treatment, a statistically significant interaction between VLDL-R genotype and apoE phenotype was found for plasma triglycerides (P < .04), suggesting a gene-gene interaction. There was also a main effect of the VLDL-R polymorphism on LpE:B and LpA-I. The VLDL-R 9 allele was associated with lower levels of plasma LpE:B (P < .05) and higher concentrations of plasma LpA-I (P < .01) than the other alleles. These results suggest that VLDL-R has a modest influence on circulating lipoproteins in humans.
BACKGROUND: Experimental studies have shown that positron emission tomography (PET) with 13N-labeled ammonia provides accurate quantification of regional myocardial blood flow (MBF) under rest and stress conditions. To establish the clinical utility of this method, the interobserver variability and the temporal variability of serial measurements of blood flow and coronary flow reserve (CFR) must be known. This study investigated the interobserver and temporal reproducibility of 13N-labeled PET for measurement of MBF and CFR. METHODS AND RESULTS: Initial and follow-up 13N-labeled ammonia PET studies were performed at rest and during adenosine infusion in six normal volunteers and six patients with stable coronary artery disease. Two investigators analyzed dynamically acquired data from the initial studies and one investigator analyzed the follow-up studies. Time-activity curves of tissue tracer activity were derived by a semiautomated sampling routine. A three-compartment model and curve-fitting algorithm were used to determine estimates of MBF in five myocardial regions. The interobserver correlations for MBF and CFR were excellent (r = 0.96 and 0.93, respectively). The interstudy correlation was good for rest and stress MBF (r = 0.87). The estimates of CFR on the initial and follow-up studies demonstrated a fair correlation (r = 0.72). For individual myocardial regions, there was considerable interstudy variability of stress MBF and CFR, with a mean percent difference for CFR of 19% +/- 19% in normal volunteers and 38% +/- 16% in patients with coronary disease. In normal subjects, regional CFR was highly reproducible (95%) when the values were defined as either normal (> or = 2.5) or reduced (< 2.5). CONCLUSIONS: The interobserver of reproducibility of 13N-labeled ammonia PET estimates of regional MBF was excellent. The temporal reproducibility of MBF and CFR was fair, with individual regions demonstrating substantial interstudy variability. 
In the present study, we investigated whether the negative feedback action of glucocorticoids (GCs) on the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis changes with age. We performed a 1-mg dexamethasone (DEX) suppression test in 216 healthy elderly individuals. To investigate individual variability of feedback sensitivity in more detail, 2.5 yr later a 0.25-mg DEX suppression test was carried out in 164 of the same individuals. We investigated whether there was an effect of age or gender on both basal and post-DEX cortisol levels, as well as on the concentration of DEX. Furthermore, we examined whether the reactions to the two doses of DEX differed, and whether indications for an intraperson stability of baseline cortisol levels could be found. Neither the pre- nor the post-1-mg DEX plasma cortisol concentrations showed a correlation with age, and there were no differences between men and women. The same was true for the pre- and post-0.25-mg DEX cortisol concentrations. In reaction to 1 mg DEX, over 90% of the subjects investigated showed a cortisol suppression to levels below 50 nmol/L. After the administration of 0.25 mg DEX, there was a much wider range in post-DEX cortisol concentrations. After the administration of 1 mg DEX, there was a significant correlation between liver function parameters and plasma DEX concentrations in males, and there was a correlation between body mass index and plasma DEX concentration in females. Plasma DEX concentrations after the administration of 1 mg and 0.25 mg DEX were closely correlated within subjects (P < 0.001). There was an intraindividual stability of serum cortisol levels determined at an interval of 2.5 yr. Furthermore, the individuals with the highest baseline cortisol concentrations also had the highest post-0.25-mg DEX cortisol concentrations, indicating a close relationship between basal cortisol levels and the feedback sensitivity of the HPA axis to a low dose of DEX. These observations suggest a genetic influence on the set point of the HPA axis. Aging does not seem to lead to a change in HPA activity as measured by early morning total cortisol levels. Also, no changes in the sensitivity of the feedback system to DEX were observed with age. DEX metabolism is influenced by liver function (in males) and by body mass index (in females).
The use of self-reported blood in urine and schistosomiasis by school children was investigated as a tool to estimate the prevalence of infection with Schistosoma haematobium and to identify infected individuals. A general questionnaire about common health problems, including questions about blood in urine and schistosomiasis, was administered by teachers to 25443 children in 137 primary schools in Muheza District, Tanzania. The prevalence of reported schistosomiasis was calculated for each school and used to select 15 schools across a range in prevalence. All children in the 15 schools (n = 2370) were interviewed again by a nurse and gave a urine sample which was subjected to a quantitative microscopical examination for the eggs of S. haematobium by filtration. The prevalence of reported schistosomiasis by the interview in the 15 schools correlated strongly with the prevalence reported during the questionnaire survey. The prevalence of reported schistosomiasis in the interview was strongly correlated with the prevalence of infection determined by microscopy and consistently under-estimated the latter by around 20% across a range in prevalence from 22% to 93%. The sensitivity of diagnosis by an interview increased almost linearly with the prevalence of infection, so that when the prevalence was high, more infected children reported schistosomiasis. The percentage of children who were correct in their self-diagnosis was independent of the prevalence of infection and of the mean concentration of eggs in urine, and averaged 75%. These findings suggest that self-reported schistosomiasis is a useful method to estimate the prevalence of infection in schools and might be used to identify infected individuals.
The purpose of this study was to analyse the frequency of the different pathological perfusion patterns in SPECT in a clinical, unselected population of patients with Alzheimer's disease. In 91 patients and 16 control subjects regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) was measured with Single Photon Emission Computed Tomography (SPECT) using 99mTc-hexa-methyl-propyleneamine oxime (HMPAO). 95% confidence intervals obtained from the perfusion values of the control subjects were used to define normal perfusion ranges. The frequency of perfusion deficits in the left frontal, temporal, parietal and occipital lobes were 62.2%, 60.4%. 70.3% and 23.1%, respectively. In the right hemisphere the corresponding values were 60.4%, 58.2%, 63.7% and 9.9%. With the exception of the occipital lobes these frequencies were not significantly different. The analysis of the perfusion pattern of each patient revealed 35 different combinations of lobes with perfusion deficits. The temporo-parietal perfusion deficits were not more frequent than the temporofrontal perfusion deficits. These results suggest that in the clinical routine a high variety of heterogeneous rCBF patterns have to be expected.
The role of GH-binding protein (GHBP) in growth regulation is still under debate. We investigated 29 prepubertal healthy children (13 girls/16 boys; mean age 9.3 y to study intraindividual variation in serum GHBP and to explore whether any such variation was related to changes in IGF-I, IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) or urinary excretion of GH. The relationship between changes in GHBP concentrations, short-term height velocity, and changes in body composition was also studied. Blood samples were taken every month for 1 y, for measurements of GHBP, IGF-I, and IGFBP-3. The mean coefficient of variation in monthly GHBP concentrations in individual children was 18% (range, 6.7-33.0%). The values for each child were normalized by expressing the concentration as a ratio to the mean GHBP concentration. GHBP values were highest in January and lowest in August (22% difference). Maximal monthly changes in GHBP correlated with simultaneous changes in weight (rs = 0.38, p < 0.05) and IGF-I (rs = 0.38, p < 0.05). The mean GHBP concentration during the year correlated with height velocity (rs = 0.37, p < 0.05) and the mean serum concentration of IGF-I (rs = 0.42, p < 0.05) and IGFBP-3 (rs = 0.60, p < 0.001). We conclude that there is a significant monthly variation in GHBP concentrations in healthy prepubertal boys and girls, which is correlated to changes in weight and IGF-I. The mean GHBP concentration during the year is correlated with the mean serum concentrations of IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and with height velocity. Thus, the variation in GHBP concentrations appears to mirror GH sensitivity, because no parallel changes in urinary GH excretion were observed.
OBJECTIVES: To investigate the inter- and intra-individual variation in the excretion of pyridinium crosslinks of collagen in first morning void urine samples in healthy young adults. DESIGN: An observational study in which urinary pyridinium crosslinks of collagen were measured in fasting first void urine samples over five consecutive days. SETTING: The study was conducted in the Department of Nutrition, University College, Cork, Ireland. SUBJECTS: A total of 17 healthy young adults (11 females and 6 males) aged 22-26 y were recruited from University College, Cork. The subjects were without any history of bone or articular disease, and with no intake of medicine that could affect bone or cartilage metabolism. RESULTS: There were large intra-individual variations in the excretion of both pyridinoline (Pyr) and deoxypyridinoline (Dpyr) in first morning void urine samples and the ratios of intra- to inter-individual variation were high. In comparison, inter-individual variation in excretion of crosslinks was relatively low. No significant day-to-day variation was observed either in Pyr or Dpyr excretion when either five, four or three consecutive days or four or three non-consecutive days of urine sampling were used. However, there were significant differences between any two consecutive or non-consecutive days in both Pyr and Dpyr excretion. CONCLUSIONS: The relatively large day-to-day variation in urinary excretion of the pyridinium crosslinks emphasises the need to use multiple samples to characterise the crosslink excretion of an individual. The present study demonstrates that urine sampling for these crosslinks necessitates at least a 3 d collection to ensure that day-to-day effects are not a significant source of variation included in the data analysis. 
The term "horse-racing effect" refers to a positive correlation between the slope at which blood pressure increases with age and blood pressure level at a baseline. Previous studies have reported such an effect in adults, while studies in children have found a negative correlation (termed "the Jenss effect"). These studies used analytic methods in which it was assumed that the blood pressure slopes were constant or the blood pressure profiles were linear. In this study, the authors used a components-of-variance approach that did not require this assumption in order to model serial blood pressure measurements made in 216 US preschool children (mean age at first analyzable blood pressure observation, 58.9 months) at 6-13 visits over a 3-year period (1986-1989). Measurements were made using an automated blood pressure monitor. Values from the second and third measures at each visit were averaged to obtain each observation. Data from 2,203 blood pressure observations were available for analysis. For the full group, over the mean period of observation of 21.1 months, the mean rate of increase was 3.45 mmHg/year for systolic blood pressure and 0.06 mmHg/year for diastolic blood pressure. In the authors' model, 33 percent of the total marginal variability in systolic blood pressure was attributed to random error (visit-to-visit variability); average (constant) subject-specific difference from the population slope accounted for 42 percent, and a nonlinear component of variability around the subject-specific average accounted for the remaining 25 percent. All three components were statistically significant. Models which assumed that the slopes were constant did not fit these data, and fitting these models to the data led to an artifactual negative correlation between subject-specific slopes and intercepts. An implication of this is that the concepts of "horse-racing" and "the Jenss phenomenon," which have been operationalized by testing the covariance of the subject-specific slopes and intercepts using models which assume that the blood pressure slopes are constant over time, should not be applied to data that contain this nonlinear component of variance.
OBJECTIVES: To investigate if, in a healthy randomly-selected population of 35-year-old men and women, there already is a relation between decreased heart rate variability and conventional risk factors for cardiovascular disease. BACKGROUND: Analysis of heart rate variability (HRV) has been used for estimating tonic autonomic activity. HRV is reduced in patients with various cardiovascular diseases. If a decreased HRV is a late phenomenon in the progression of cardiovascular disease, or if it parallels or even precedes manifest disease is unknown. DESIGN: Spectral analysis of HRV was made from 24-hour ambulatory electrocardiograms in a randomised population of healthy 35-year-old men (n = 63) and women (n = 70). The different spectral indices of HRV were analysed against gender, leucocyte count (previously described as an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease), blood lipoproteins, smoking, heredity, body mass index (BMI) and systolic blood pressure. SETTING: A research centre of general medicine and a university hospital. RESULTS: Mean heart rate was lower, total power (TP), very low frequency power (VLF) and low frequency power (LF) were higher in men than in women. In women TP, VLF and LF were negatively correlated to BMI, smoking, triglycerides and positively correlated to HDL cholesterol. TP and VLF were also negatively correlated to risk factor score. High frequency power (HF), a marker of parasympathetic activity, was positively related to HDL cholesterol. In men, at daytime, TP, VLF, LF and HF were negatively correlated to leucocyte count. TP, VLF and LF were also negatively correlated to triglycerides and VLF also to risk factor score. CONCLUSIONS: There are correlations between HRV and known risk factors for cardiovascular disease already in a healthy 35-year-old population. A novel observation is the relationship in men between leucocyte count and heart rate variability. 
BACKGROUND: Plasma homovanillic acid (HVA) and methoxy-hydroxy-phenylglycol (MHPG) are often used in repeated measurement designs to assess dopamine and norepinephrine metabolism in clinical research. However, only limited data on the reproducibility of these metabolites are currently available. METHODS: Plasma HVA and MHPG were measured in normal volunteers on five nonconsecutive mornings under fasting conditions and restricted smoking and physical activity. RESULTS: Intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) for plasma HVA and MHPG across 5 days were determined to be 0.85 and 0.79, respectively. ICC improved to 0.90 for HVA and 0.91 for MHPG when the average of the first 2 days was examined against the average of the last 2 days. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggested that under controlled conditions plasma HVA and MHPG measurements have good reproducibility. 
OBJECTIVE: The measurement of total serum testosterone has an established clinical role in the management of male hypogonadism and female androgen excess disorders. We studied the between-kit variability and precision of six different commercially available testosterone assays and compared them with an established in-house method. DESIGN: Laboratory observational prospective study. SETTING: Tertiary university medical center clinical laboratory. PATIENT(S): Three groups of samples each of men (n = 36) and women (n = 15) who had high, normal, or low levels of sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), respectively, were studied. INTERVENTION(S): Individual and pooled (male and female) serum samples were analyzed for total testosterone concentration using six different commercially available assays and one in-house method. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): The between-kit variability and the effect of the mean (+/- SD) SHBG level were determined, the results obtained with the use of the kits and the in-house method were compared, and the intraassay variability (i.e., precision) was evaluated. RESULT(S): Male samples demonstrated a 26.3%-40.8% variance in the results obtained with different kits, which was greatest for samples with the lowest SHBG levels. For female samples, between-kit variability ranged from 57%-115% (average, 77%). The percent deviation of the results obtained with the use of commercial methods from those obtained with the use of our in-house assay was greater for men (mean variance, 194%) than for women (mean variance, 67%). The female pool intraassay coefficient of variation was 3.8% with the use of the in-house method and ranged from 8.9%-21.2% with the use of the commercial kits. The male pool intraassay coefficient of variation was 3.1% with the use of the in-house method and ranged from 3.3%-5.5% with the use of the commercial kits. CONCLUSION(S): Most commercially available kits for measuring the total serum testosterone level demonstrated significant between-kit variability, which was greatest for female samples. Further, samples with the lowest SHBG levels had the highest between-kit variances. These data strongly suggest that the measurement of total serum testosterone using commercial kits may have limited utility, particularly for the detection of hyperandrogenemia. 
Cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) is associated with an inflammatory response, mainly caused by the trauma of surgery, contact of blood with the artificial surface of the circuit, and reperfusion injury, resulting in increased capillary permeability, respiratory distress, low cardiac output, and multiorgan failure. The inflammatory reaction includes an activation of the humoral and cellular immune system with enhanced release of cytokines. The present study focused on the effect of CPB on the time course of pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines. In 20 patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting, the plasma concentration of interferon (IFN)-gamma, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-2, IL-4, IL-6, IL-8, and IL-10 was investigated pre-, intra-, and postoperatively by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay technique. With the exception of IFN-gamma, all the other cytokines could be detected in the patients plasma. However, neither TNF-alpha nor IL-1 beta and IL-2 revealed significant changes in concentration during the investigated time period. In contrast, IL-6 and IL-8 levels peaked early postoperatively, reaching median concentrations of 430 pg/ml (221 pg per ml/558 pg per ml; lower/upper quartiles, respectively) and approximately 12 pg/ml (0/17 pg/ml; lower/upper quartiles, respectively). IL-4 and IL-10, respectively, revealed maximal concentrations of approximately 2 pg/ml (0/39 pg/ml; lower/upper quartiles, respectively) and 208 pg/ml (76 pg per ml/380 pg per ml; lower/upper quartiles, respectively) immediately after protamine administration, preceding the maximal concentration of IL-6. The degree of the observed modulation of cytokine patterns during and after CPB seemed to be patient-dependent, since large interindividual variations in cytokine levels were observed, not only preoperatively, but especially during and following CPB. However, IL-6 and IL-10 showed the least interindividual variations, suggesting that these cytokines may give reliable information regarding modulation of the immune response following CPB and its consequences for the patient's outcome.
Beta2-adrenergic receptor (betaAR) density on peripheral blood lymphocytes has been used as an index to reflect the betaAR state of the body. Lymphocytes betaARs are unequally distributed among lymphocyte subpopulations, with the highest density on CD8+ cells and the lowest on CD4+ cells. Thus, the measurement of peripheral blood lymphocyte betaAR density could vary with changes in CD4+ and CD8+ cell concentrations. We examined the individual and intersubject variance of betaAR density and lymphocyte subpopulations over time in 10 normal subjects, studied on 3 to 5 different d always at approximately 9:00 A.M. over a 4- to 12-wk period. Peripheral blood lymphocytes were isolated and beta2-adrenergic receptor density was determined by specific binding of [125I]-(-)iodopindolol, and lymphocyte subpopulations were measured by flow cytometry. Average receptors per lymphocyte were 776 +/- 183. Whereas the absolute values of CD4+% and CD8+% cell concentrations varied little in individual subjects (coefficient of variation 9.5% and 11.1%, respectively), the individual betaAR variance was greater (coefficient of variation 22.4%). However there was a significant correlation between betaAR and CD4+% and CD8+% cell concentration (correlation coefficients: -0.58, p < 0.001; +0.51, p < 0.001, respectively). This information is relevant to interpretations of changes in peripheral betaAR in humans.
We evaluated the reliability of serum concentrations of procalcitonin for the diagnosis of early- and late-onset sepsis in a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) setting. Timed procalcitonin determinations were prospectively obtained during two postnatal periods: 0-48 hours of age (period 1) and 3-30 days of age (period 2). In period 1, we measured procalcitonin concentrations in 83 healthy newborns (group 0) and in 120 NICU patients (14 with culture-proven sepsis, group 1A; 14 with clinical septicemia, group 1B; 75 with no evidence of infection, group 2; and 17 with uncertain findings, group 3). After we established 95% hour-specific reference ranges for group 0, we performed multiple linear regression analyses to determine which maternal, intrapartum, and neonatal complications would affect normal procalcitonin values. Maternal diabetes was the only variable identified in group 2 patients that induced a significant deviation from procalcitonin reference ranges. Analyses of the pooled procalcitonin values obtained for group 1 patients over the 48-hour period after birth yielded a sensitivity of 92.6% and a specificity of 97.5% for procalcitonin concentrations in the detection of early-onset sepsis. In period 2, blood samples from 23 cases with systemic infections were analyzed for procalcitonin concentrations at the onset of signs of infection. The control group was formed by matching four uninfected NICU patients to each infected case. None of the procalcitonin values for the 92 controls overlapped those for the cases (sensitivity and specificity, 100%). Procalcitonin is a promising marker for the diagnosis of early- and late-onset sepsis in neonates at high risk for this infection.
Forty schizophrenic patients treated with 50-600 mg/day of clozapine as monotherapy and 40 normal control subjects were tested for heart rate variability (HRV) which is mediated by the vagus nerve using acetylcholine as neurotransmitter. As compared to the control subjects, the patients showed essentially reduced HRV parameters which were negatively correlated with the plasma clozapine levels. Therefore, clozapine's anticholinergic effect is correlated to the plasma clozapine level when measured by the decrease of HRV. We suggest that HRV data might be useful as a predictor for plasma clozapine levels.
This study presents immunophenotypic variation in lymphocyte populations obtained from peripheral blood and lymph nodes from individuals with early HIV disease who were enrolled in a prospective, open-label study. At baseline, there was a significantly greater percentage of B cells and significantly smaller percentage of CD8+ cells in lymph nodes compared with peripheral blood. Evaluation of lymphocyte phenotypic markers of function, maturation, and activation at baseline revealed a significantly higher percentage of activated CD4+ cells in lymph nodes compared with peripheral blood, whereas the percentages of activated CD8+ cells were similar in both compartments. After an 8-week period of randomly assigned treatment, peripheral blood phenotypic marker changes included (1) a reduced proportion of activated cells (HLA-DR+) in antiretroviral-naive patients who received zidovudine (ZDV), and (2) as increased proportion of "naive" cells (CD45RA+) in individuals, previously administered ZDV alone, who received ZDV and didanosine (ddI) therapy. The lymph node phenotypic marker analysis showed no significant changes over the 8-week treatment period. Overall, the study demonstrates significant differences in lymphocyte subsets from lymph nodes compared with peripheral blood and suggests that further studies be performed to determine the functional significance of these phenotypic subsets.
The variability of plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) was examined in 96 individuals over a 1-yr period. Blood tHcy concentrations varied from 7.1 micromol/L in the bottom quintile to 14.5 micromol/L in the top quintile. The mean tHcy was 10.4 micromol/L, the between-person SD was 2.5 micromol/L, and the within-person SD was 0.93 micromol/L. There was little seasonal variation, and the reliability coefficient was 0.88. Mean tHcy concentrations were inversely related to mean plasma folate (r = -0.36) and vitamin B12 (r = -0.35) concentrations. Median tHcy concentrations were approximately 1 micromol/L higher in men than in women and in older (70 to 74 years) than in younger (65 to 69 years) individuals and higher in those with the TT and CT genotypes for the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphism than in those with the CC genotype (10.7 and 10.6 vs 9.6 micromol/L). Epidemiological studies based on single tHcy measurements may underestimate the magnitude of any risk associations with disease by 10-15%.
STUDY OBJECTIVE: Arterial thermal dye dilution (TDDart) with the COLD system (Munich, Germany) allows measurement of cardiac index (CI), partial blood volumes, lung water, and liver function. The aim of the study was to determine agreement of TDDart measurements with pulmonary artery thermal dilution measurements (TDpa) and to assess the reproducibility of TDDart parameters. DESIGN: Prospective study. SETTING: ICU of a university hospital department of cardiac surgery. PATIENTS: Thirty consecutive patients after coronary artery bypass grafting. MEASUREMENTS AND RESULTS: Triplicate measurements of TDDart parameters were performed 1, 3, 6, 12, and 24 h postoperatively and coefficients of variation (CVs) were computed. At the 3-h point, additional fivefold TDDart measurements were done and compared with TDpa measurements. The coefficient of correlation for CI from TDDart vs TDpa was 0.96 (p<0.001), and the mean difference was 0.16 L/min/m2 (2.4%). The CVs of the TDDart and TDpa CI measurement were 7.2% and 5.9%; the CVs of other TDDart parameters were 4.6% (cardiac function index), 8.3% (global end-diastolic volume), 7.0% (intrathoracic blood volume), 7.6% (total blood volume), 7.4% (right ventricular end-diastolic volume), 7.4% (right heart end-diastolic volume), 11.3% (left heart end-diastolic volume [LHEDV]), 12.0% (right to left heart volume proportion [R/LHV]), 8.8% (pulmonary blood volume), 10.8% (extravascular lung water), 16.4% (plasma disappearance rate of dye), and 19.8% (dye clearance). The CV did not depend on Glasgow coma scale or on body temperature. CONCLUSION: The CVs of LHEDV and R/LHV are influenced by asynchronous TDDart and TDpa variation. The CVs of plasma disappearance and dye clearance are increased as the half-life of the dye is longer than the measurement sequence. All other parameters derived from TDDart and TDpa show a clinically sufficient reproducibility. 
PURPOSE: To assess the reliability of measurements of intraocular pressure (i.o.p.), pulse amplitude (PA), and pulsatile ocular blood flow (POBF) and the validity of measurements of IOP with a new ocular blood flow tonograph. METHODS: Intraocular pressure pulse was assessed with pneumatic tonometry. In this study, we used the OBF Labs ocular blood flow tonograph with two different pneumatic probes, a modified Langham probe and a newly developed probe. One ophthalmologist compared two machines, first with the modified Langham probe and secondly with the newly developed probe (40 volunteers). Additionally, two ophthalmologists performed measurements on different days and in different sequence (34 volunteers). Furthermore, results of IOP measurements performed with this tonograph were compared to those of Goldmann applanation tonometry (213 volunteers). RESULTS: Using the modified Langham probe, POBF and PA were associated with the machine used for the test. However, using the newly developed pobe, no relevant or statistically significant differences were found for any variables, and reliability coefficients were between 0.70 and 0.90. Linear regression analysis of the Goldmann applanation tonometer on the measurements of IOP with the tonograph showed a regression coefficient of 0.765. CONCLUSIONS: Results of measurements performed with this ocular blood flow tonograph and the newly developed probe are expected to be reliable and comparable. 
Variability in the relationship between pharmacological effect intensity and drug concentration (pharmacodynamics) is pronounced, usually exceeding pharmacokinetic variability. Whereas interindividual differences are large, intra-individual differences are much smaller, unless the individual experiences certain pathophysiological changes such as deterioration of renal function or progression of a chronic disease (for example, Parkinson's disease). Failure to appreciate the magnitude of interindividual variability in the pharmacodynamics of a drug can compromise fixed dose clinical trial outcomes, making the drug appear less effective or more toxic. In the face of pharmacodynamic variability it becomes important to identify useful predictors (covariates) of pharmacodynamic individuality to facilitate individually optimised pharmacotherapy. This requires clinical trial designs that incorporate extensive patient profiling, well beyond the usual short list of demographics (such as age, gender, race, bodyweight and smoking habits). In searching for predictors, it is helpful to appreciate the factors that may account for interindividual differences in the relationship between pharmacological effect intensity and drug concentration in plasma or other appropriate fluid. They include receptor density and affinity, the formation and elimination kinetics of endogenous ligands (such as the enkephalins), postreceptor transduction processes, homeostatic responses and the kinetic characteristics of transporters involved in drug transfer between fluids of distribution and the biophase. Correction of drug concentrations in plasma for protein binding, consideration of active and interactive metabolites, stereospecific assays and attention to drug distribution disequilibria are essential for successful identification of factors affecting pharmacodynamic variability. Pharmaceutical delivery systems (the 'hardware') must be combined with guidance for individualising drug dosage (the 'software' or user's manual) to provide for optimal and cost-effective pharmacotherapy.
The present study was conducted to assess the degree of genetic determination of the variability in the mean nocturnal plasma concentration of melatonin in sheep. Three hundred twelve ewes born from 18 males and with known genealogy were sampled at the summer and the winter solstices. The nocturnal plasma melatonin concentration was defined as the mean of four plasma samples taken at hourly intervals in the middle of the night (2200-0200). Identity of the father (P < 0.001) and the solstice (P < 0.05) were significant. Melatonin concentrations varied considerably among individuals [338.4 +/- 197.5 (SD) pg/ml; range 26.6-981.3 pg/ml] and between rams regarding the melatonin concentrations of their daughters (range from 202.9 to 456.3 pg/ml). Inheritance was analyzed by a statistical model that allows discrimination of genetic effects from nongenetic effects and that estimates repeatability and heritability coefficients. Both the repeatability coefficient between solstices (0.60) and heritability coefficient [0.45 +/- 0.07 (SE)] were high. These results demonstrate that the variability in plasma melatonin concentration in ewes is under strong genetic control.
To study in standardbred horses interindividual variation in the influx of lactate into red blood cells, venous blood samples were collected from 89 horses from 2 wk to 9 yr of age. For 62 horses, the rate of influx was normally distributed with a mean rate of 4.09 nmol.mg protein-1.min-1 at a lactate concentration of 10 mM, and the respective value for the other 27 horses was 0.58 nmol.mg protein-1.min-1. At 30 mM of lactate, the rates were 8.71 and 1.97 nmol.mg protein-1.min-1, respectively. This bimodal distribution was independent of age. In horses with high transport activity, the monocarboxylate transporter (MCT) appears to be the major carrier, whereas, in those with low transport activity, no activity of the MCT could be detected. The band 3 protein may account for 18-39% of transport activity. With all age groups combined, the transport activity tended to be higher in mares than in stallions. Lactate transport into red blood cells seems thus to be an inherent property in which participation of various transporters varies interindividually.
This investigation examines whether serum lipoprotein levels in patients with diabetes mellitus and in those with coronary artery disease are associated with lower heart rate variability (HRV). The study group consisted of 58 subjects divided into 3 groups: normal subjects, chronic stable angina, and type 1 diabetes. Twenty-four-hour ambulatory electrocardiographic recordings were analyzed in the time and frequency domains; standard instantaneous autonomic testing was also performed. On 24-hour ambulatory recordings, patients with chronic stable angina had significantly lower HRV than normals, and diabetics had a more marked reduction in HRV than both normals and anginal patients. When anginal patients and diabetics were stratified by total serum and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels, diabetics with elevated total and LDL cholesterol had an additional, significant decrease in HRV parameters. No such difference was demonstrated in patients with stable angina. No significant correlations were noted for high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, or total cholesterol/HDL ratio and HRV in diabetics or patient with angina. Diabetics with markedly abnormal peripheral reflexes had significantly higher triglycerides and total cholesterol/HDL ratios. Finally, standard tests of autonomic function did not correlate with total, LDL, HDL cholesterol levels, total cholesterol/HDL ratio, or triglycerides. Thus, we found a relation between atherogenic lipid levels and reduced HRV in diabetic patients that has not been previously identified.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship of objective smoking status to age, sex, longterm metabolic control, and urinary albumin excretion. Patients with type 1 diabetes who smoke are at increased risk to develop diabetic microvascular and macrovascular complications. While this has repeatedly been demonstrated in adults, smoking habits have rarely been investigated in adolescents. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Urinary continine excretion has been determined by radioimmunoassay in 238 adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes. This biochemical parameter of nicotine use was related to age, to the number of cigarettes allegedly consumed per day, and to urinary albumin excretion. RESULTS: A total of 46 patients (19.3%) with urinary cotinine values > 500 ng/ml were classified as smokers. In 26 patients (10.9%), cotinine values between 100 and 500 ng/ml were found (infrequent smokers or environmental nicotine exposure), while the remaining 166 patients excreted < 100 ng/ml of cotinine in the urine (nonsmokers). Smokers were significantly older (20.2 +/- 0.6 years [mean +/- SE]) compared with the intermediate group (18.3 +/- 0.7 years) or with nonsmokers (15.9 +/- 0.4 years; P < 0.0001, Wilcoxon's signed-rank test). Of 46 smokers, 12 denied smoking cigarettes entirely, and among biochemically defined smokers, no correlation was present between urinary continine excretion and the reported number of cigarettes consumed per day. Urinary albumin excretion was significantly higher in smokers compared with nonsmokers (P < 0.003). CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate that cigarette smoking is common among German adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes in this study. Many patients deny nicotine use or refuse to disclose their smoking habits. Increased urinary albumin excretion is consistent with an increased risk of nephropathy in subjects with diabetes who smoke. Pediatricians in charge of adolescents with type 1 diabetes should actively discuss the risk of nicotine consumption with their patients. 
Several studies on disease and treatment effects on neurohormones have been conducted with small numbers of patients, using one blood sample as representative of their states. The aim of this study was to assess the within-patient variability of plasma concentrations of several hormones and cytokines of recent interest, in patients with moderate heart failure and controlled stable background therapy over 3 weeks. Blood for neurohormone and cytokine assays was sampled in duplicate from 18 patients with moderate heart failure. After an initial visit, the patients were kept on stable therapy until the second blood sampling 21 +/- 3 days later. The plasma concentrations of several neurohormones (endothelin, renin, angiotensin II, aldosterone, norepinephrine) and cytokines (interleukin-6 (IL-6), interleukin-13 (IL-13), ciliary neurotrophic factor (CNTF), leukemia inhibitory factor (LIF) and soluble receptor type I of tumour necrosis factor-alpha, (sTNF-RI) were measured with immunochemical methods. Some cytokines (IL-13, CNTF and LIF) were not detected. Despite clinically satisfactory ACE inhibition, circulating angiotensin II and aldosterone levels were still elevated in some patients, suggesting aldosterone escape. The between-visit agreement of plasma concentrations measured in duplicate was less than 35% for all circulating factors, except renin which showed a higher variability throughout the 3-week study period.
AIMS: To evaluate the reproducibility of the retardation values (change in polarisation) obtained with the scanning-laser polarimeter in a series of normal subjects and glaucoma patients. To improve the analysis of the raw data by devising and evaluating a blood vessel removal algorithm. METHODS: Scanning laser polarimetry was performed on 10 normal subjects and 10 glaucoma patients. A series of six images was obtained from each eye. The normal subjects were re-imaged 3 months after their initial assessment. The retardation values obtained from each eye were analysed using the authors' own methods, including the use of an algorithm to remove blood vessels from the polar profiles. The reproducibility of these measurements and the performance of the blood vessel removal algorithm were assessed. RESULTS: The "individual point" coefficient of variation was approximately 12.5% for normal subjects and 17.0% for glaucoma patients. The "integral" coefficient of variation for these groups was approximately 5.5% and 9.5% respectively. The reproducibility of the measurements did not improve with an increased number of measurements. There was no difference in the reproducibility of the measurements in normal subjects over time. The blood vessel removal algorithm improved the reproducibility of the measurements when the shape of the profile was assessed. CONCLUSION: The intraoperator reproducibility of retardation values obtained with the scanning laser polarimeter is satisfactory for its use as a clinical tool. The use of a blood vessel removal algorithm improves the reproducibility of the measurements and also assists the clinician in the interpretation of the polar profiles. Furthermore, it allows the construction of normal database polar profiles, thereby enabling the identification, location and quantification of retinal nerve fibre layer damage in an "at risk" individual's polar profile. 
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this work was to examine the relationship between cardiac autonomic function and urinary albumin excretion in obesity. SUBJECTS: These were 27 obese non-diabetic postmenopausal women and 18 non-obese healthy postmenopausal women. MEASUREMENTS: Urinary albumin excretion as well as plasma nitrate, both indices of capillary function, were measured. Power spectral analysis of heart rate variability was performed, as a measurement of vagal function. An oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed and blood lipids were analysed. RESULTS: The obese women were characterized by higher fasting insulin, sum of glucose, triglycerides and lower high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), the latter of borderline significance, than controls. Urinary albumin excretion (UAE), plasma nitrate and heart rate variability were not different between obese and control women. However, in obese women log UAE correlated positively with systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and inversely with heart rate variability, the latter independent of body mass index (BMI) and the waist/hip circumference ratio. CONCLUSION: It was concluded that this inverse association between UAE and parasympathetic activity in obese women may be an early sign of derangements of endothelial function and autonomic nervous system control, which may contribute to the increased risk of cardiovascular mortality in abdominal obesity. 
This study assessed within- and between-day variability of human superior mesenteric artery blood flow (SMABF) using transcutaneous Doppler ultrasound. Two groups of healthy volunteers were studied after fasting overnight; six subjects were studied for one visit of 90 min duration (group 1) and six other subjects attended the laboratory for three separate visits of 30 min duration (group 2). Measurements of SMABF were made by a single, trained observer every 15 min, the angle of insonation of the Doppler beam being set both < 30 degrees and > 30 degrees each time. Within a day (group 1), the angle of insonation had little effect upon SMABF measurements (values differed by less than 6%) and variability was low (mean coefficient of variation below 5%). SMABF measurements between days (group 2) were consistent (mean coefficient of variation ranging from 6 to 12%), but measurements made at angles of < 30 degrees had slightly lower standard error of the mean (SEM) and coefficient of variation (CV) than those above 30 degrees. Thus, in fasted subjects there is small within-visit or between-visit variability in SMABF assessed by a single trained observer using Doppler ultrasound. Slightly less variability is observed when scanning at angles of < 30 degrees, but this effect was not substantial and the correction factor for angle contained within the software of the ultrasound machine appeared to be reliable.
Borna disease virus (BDV) infection of domestic animals and humans appears to have a worldwide distribution. There is evidence suggesting an association of BDV with certain psychiatric disorders. However, more comprehensive epidemiological studies are required to establish rigorously a link between BDV and human mental disorders, and to evaluate the role of carrier animals as potential source of BDV for human infection. The use of RT-PCR to detect BDV RNA in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of infected individuals is a powerful tool to address these questions. The comparison of discrepant results reported by different investigators using this approach is hampered by the lack of controls to assess the sensitivity and reproducibility of the assays. Procedures are now described that allow the establishment of standardized controls to evaluate the performance of the RT-PCR assays. This RT-PCR assay detected reproducibly 100 copies of BDV p40 RNA in 5 microg of RNA. The data illustrate that the number of PBMCs used for RNA preparation, rather than the amount of RNA, has a critical influence on the outcome of the RT-PCR assay. Evidence is provided that levels of BDV in blood do not necessarily reflect viral load in brain.
Agreement and reproducibility of Daugirdas blood-based and Biostat 1000 dialysate-based Kt/V estimation were explored. Fifty-two dialysis treatments in 19 patients were studied. All patients were dialyzed by arteriovenous (AV) access. Good agreement was found in the comparison between laboratory predialysis blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and Biostat 1000 BUN. Each treatment was assessed for Kt/V simultaneously by Biostat 1000 and by Daugirdas methods based on predialysis and postdialysis BUN. Four Daugirdas blood-based Kt/V estimations per session were obtained; two were single pool Kt/V, the first using an "arterial" postdialysis BUN and the second a "mixed venous" postdialysis BUN, whereas the other two were double pool (or equilibrated) eKt/V obtained by factoring the respective single pool "arterial" and "mixed venous" Kt/V for the relative rate of solute removal. The four blood-based and Biostat 1000 Kt/V were examined for pooled-within-patient variability in 15 of the patients in whom three dialysis sessions on the same dialysis prescription were available, and these were not significantly different between the blood-based and Biostat 1000 Kt/V. The four blood-based Kt/V were then compared with the Biostat 1000 Kt/V using the concordance correlation coefficient (CC, 1 indicating pairs of observations fall on a line of identity, 0 indicating no relationship), and bias and range of agreement as defined by the Bland and Altman technique of analysis. The "mixed venous" eKt/V had the closest agreement with the Biostat 1000 Kt/V (CC = 0.77), but the range of agreement as defined by Bland and Altman was 0.62, implying that for a single session, there was a 95% chance that the "mixed venous" eKt/V would lie within +/- 0.31 of the Biostat 1000 Kt/V. It is concluded that Biostat 1000 Kt/V results are comparable in large groups to certain Daugirdas blood-based Kt/V, although for a given dialysis session, clinically important differences in resulting Kt/V parameters may be seen between these two methods of estimating Kt/V.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the proficiency of commercial laboratories in analyzing lead in clinical blood samples from subjects without overt lead exposure. DESIGN: We submitted masked duplicate blood lead specimens to 8 masked laboratories. Each laboratory received blood aliquots immediately following drawing (time 1) and 2 weeks later (time 2) from 7 human subjects and 3 bovine blood samples with known lead levels of 0.26, 0.57, and 0.79 micromol/L (5.4, 11.8, and 16.4 microg/dL). Of the 8 laboratories, 5 were commercial laboratories, 1 was a state laboratory, 1 was a research laboratory, and 1 was the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reference laboratory. OUTCOME MEASURES: Correlation coefficients were calculated, and differences within and between laboratories were assessed by analysis of variance. RESULTS: Results were obtained for all specimens, with all the human subjects' overall mean lead levels being less than 0.48 micromol/L (<10 microg/dL). Each laboratory reported all human blood specimens appropriately, as having lead levels less than 0.48 micromol/L (<10 microg/dL) and within 0.14 micromol/L (3 microg/dL) of the overall mean for that subject. All internal reproducibilities were very high (range, 0.92-1.00) except for one (0.60), possibly lower because of 1 pair of specimens. Mean differences between blood samples analyzed at time 1 and time 2 ranged from -1.4 to 1.2, with only 2 laboratories having significant differences (P<.01). CONCLUSIONS: Overall, there was strong reproducibility within and among laboratories, with no overall time trend or interlaboratory or intralaboratory variance. The storage conditions did not seem to affect the aggregate results. The data suggest that through implementation of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention/Wisconsin Blood Lead Proficiency Testing Program, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Blood Lead Laboratory Reference System, and mandated federal and state proficiency programs, laboratories in this geographic region have improved their performance as compared with previous published studies and an unpublished study. 
We have examined the role of the renal sympathetic nerves in the renal blood flow (RBF) response to hemorrhage in seven conscious rabbits. Hemorrhage was produced by blood withdrawal at 1.35 ml.min(-1).kg-1 for 20 min while RBF and renal sympathetic nerve activity (RSNA) were simultaneously measured. Hemorrhage was associated with a gradual increase in RSNA and decrease in RBF from the 4th min. In seven denervated animals, the resting RBF before hemorrhage was significantly greater (48 +/- 1 vs. 31 +/- 1 ml/min intact), and the decrease in RBF did not occur until arterial pressure also began to fall (8th min); however, the overall percentage change in RBF by 20 min of blood withdrawal was similar. Spectral analysis was used to identify the nature of oscillations in each variable. Before hemorrhage, a rhythm at approximately 0.3 Hz was observed in RSNA, although not in RBF, whose spectrogram was composed mostly of lower-frequency (< 0.25 Hz) components. The denervated group of rabbits had similar frequency spectrums for RBF before hemorrhage. RSNA played a role in dampening the effect of oscillations in arterial pressure on RBF as the transfer gain between mean arterial pressure (MAP) and RBF for frequencies > 0.25 Hz was significantly less in intact than denervated rabbits (0.83 +/- 0.12 vs. 1.19 +/- 0.10 ml.min(-1).mmHg-1). Furthermore, the coherence between MAP and RBF was also significantly higher in denervated rabbits, suggesting tighter coupling between the two variables in the absence of RSNA. Before the onset of significant decreases in arterial pressure (up to 10 min), there was an increase in the strength of oscillations centered around 0.3 Hz in RSNA. These wer accompanied by increases in the spectral power of RBF at the same frequency. Arterial pressure fell in both groups of animals, the dominant rhythm to emerge in RBF was centered between 0.15 and 0.20 Hz and was present in intact and denervated rabbits. It is speculated that this myogenic in origin. We conclude that RSNA can induce oscillations in RBF at 0.3 Hz, plays a significant role in altering the effect of oscillations in arterial pressure on RBF, and mediates a proportion of renal vasoconstriction during hemorrhage in conscious rabbits.
The objective of this study was to estimate the long-term intraindividual variability of lipid levels in adult type I and type II diabetic patients. Total cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and hemoglobin A1c were measured every 3-6 months in 135 patients attending the Austin Hospital diabetes clinic. Analysis was performed on 60 diabetic patients (33 type I and 27 type II) who had not been treated with lipid lowering drugs and who met the inclusion criteria of at least five measurements [mean +/- standard error of the mean (SEM), 9.5 +/- 0.4; range, 5-17] collected over a minimum of 4 years (5.1 +/- 0.1; 4-6.5 years). Total variability, expressed as coefficient of variation, was 8.8 +/- 0.4% for total cholesterol, 23.9 +/- 1.5% for triglycerides, 10.2 +/- 0.5% for HDL cholesterol, and 12.0 +/- 0.5% for LDL cholesterol. Biological variability, derived from total and analytical variability, was higher than previous estimates in nondiabetic subjects for total cholesterol and HDL cholesterol but similar for triglycerides and LDL cholesterol. No relationship was observed between total lipid variability and diabetes type, age, baseline or mean lipid levels, duration of follow-up, or the number of samples per patient. Men demonstrated greater variability than women for total cholesterol (men 9.5 +/- 0.5%, n = 34, women 7.9 +/- 0.5%, n = 26, p < 0.01) and triglycerides (men 26.5 +/- 2.2%, women 20.4 +/- 1.4%, p = 0.03). Total lipid variability was also unrelated to baseline or mean hemoglobin A1c or to the change in hemoglobin A1c during the study as a whole. However, the change in hemoglobin A1c was associated with the change in total cholesterol (r = 0.30, p < 0.03) and the change in LDL cholesterol (r = 0.27, p < 0.05). In conclusion, long-term intraindividual lipid variability in adult diabetic subjects is higher for total and HDL cholesterol than previously published values in nondiabetic subjects. Variability of triglycerides is at least double that of total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol and LDL cholesterol. Biological variability, not measurement error, accounts for the greatest proportion of total variability for all lipid parameters. Confidence levels calculated from these data have implications for the initiation of lipid lowering therapy and in monitoring the effects of intervention.
Blood alcohol concentration is a frequently requested test in forensic pathology. The variability of this value was studied by measuring the blood alcohol concentration from six sites in nine subjects at necropsy in whom alcohol was the implicated cause of death. There were small consistent differences in the blood alcohol concentrations between the sites in the nine subjects (p < 0.04). Calculation of the mean blood:vitreous humour alcohol concentration ratio (B:V ratio) showed that vitreous humour alcohol concentration most closely reflected the concentration at the femoral vein (B:V ratio = 0.94, r = 0.98), which is considered the optimal site for blood alcohol measurement. The correlation of left heart blood with femoral blood was lower compared with the other sites. There is a potential for an unacceptably large variation in the postmortem measurement of blood alcohol within each subject.
BACKGROUND: Plasma renin concentrations are an important factor in cardiovascular risk profiling. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of sex, medication, and anthropometric factors that may contribute to the interindividual variation in the plasma concentrations of renin and its precursor prorenin. DESIGN AND METHODS: Prorenin and renin levels in 327 men and 383 women, aged 52-69 years, who participated in a 1994 reexamination of a previous population survey in Bavaria, were measured by immunoradiometric assay. RESULTS: Prorenin and renin levels in men were significantly higher than those in women, those in women without estrogen replacement therapy were significantly higher than those in women with estrogen replacement therapy, and those in diabetics were significantly higher than those in nondiabetics. Prorenin level was correlated negatively to blood pressure and positively to age and the use of diuretics; it was normal in subjects using angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and beta-adrenergic antagonists (beta-blockers). Renin level was correlated negatively to atrial natriuretic peptide level and the use of beta-blockers, and it was elevated above normal levels in subjects using angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and diuretics as well as in subjects who had previously suffered myocardial infarction. After exclusion of data for women being administered estrogen replacement therapy, multivariate analysis revealed that sex (P<0.001), age (P<0.02), blood pressure (P<0.002), diabetes (P<0.05), and the use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors (P<0.002), beta-blockers (P<0.001), and diuretics (P<0.05) were independent determinants of plasma prorenin. Plasma renin was independently related to atrial natriuretic peptide level (P<0.01) and the use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors (P<0.001), beta-blockers (P<0.001), and diuretics (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate that there is a sexual dimorphism of prorenin levels in humans, suggesting that sex hormones affect the regulation of the renin gene. Data confirm previous reports of elevated prorenin levels in diabetics and older subjects, as well as of lower than normal prorenin levels in subjects with hypertension in smaller populations. Our findings may help to clarify the potential (patho)physiologic functions of prorenin and to identify the factors that influence the constitutive secretion and intracellular processing of this prohormone. 
We determined the degree of variability and sampling distribution of several commonly used parameters of microalbuminuria in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and proposed a sampling strategy for estimating the level of albuminuria. Four patients with NIDDM with previously documented microalbuminuria collected 30 consecutive split (overnight and daytime) 24-hour urine samples (experiment A). These samples were analyzed for total 24-hour albumin excretion; daytime, overnight, and 24-hour albumin concentration; and daytime, overnight, and 24-hour albumin-to-creatinine ratio. In a second experiment (B), 10 patients collected 10 consecutive overnight urine samples. Finally, a total of 300 separate triplicate urine samples were analyzed for the variability of 24-hour albumin excretion (100 samples) and albumin-to-creatinine ratios in 24-hour urine (100 samples) and overnight urine (100 samples). We found that the sampling distribution shape of all parameters of albuminuria is positively skewed, without consistent evidence of log-normality. When two methods were used for quantifying day-to-day variability (the interquartile range/median ratio and the chance of a single measurement being >50% off the actual value of albuminuria), the overnight albumin-to-creatinine ratio is the least-variable parameter of albuminuria, scoring 0.38% and 10% on both methods, respectively, in experiment A. Collecting multiple samples of overnight urine improves accuracy. The largest gain in precision in estimating the actual value of albuminuria is obtained for sample sizes of three and five and does not increase with nonconsecutive sampling of urine. Based on the combined data from experiments A and B, the expected mean deviation of the median of three and five overnight samples from the actual level of the overnight albumin-creatinine ratio is 17.9% and 12.1%, respectively. An analysis of variability in three sets of 100 triplicate 24-hour urine samples shows that the overnight albumin-to-creatinine ratio is a significantly more-constant parameter of microalbuminuria than the amount of albumin excreted in 24 hours or the albumin-to-creatinine ratio in 24-hour urine (p < 0.05). We concluded that the parameters of diabetic albuminuria have positively skewed, non-log-normal sampling distributions. The overnight albumin-to-creatinine ratio is the least-variable parameter of microalbuminuria. We recommend collecting three consecutive early morning urine samples, using the median value of the albumin-to-creatinine ratio in these samples for quantifying albuminuria.
It is well established that nutrition is an important regulator of both serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-1) and its binding proteins (IGFBPs). The Western ligand blot method (WLB) for simultaneous determinations of IGFBPs in serum or plasma samples was evaluated and validated with emphasis on its reproducible capabilities. After electrophoretic separation and transfer, the membranes were incubated with a mixture of recombinant labeled human (GF-I/IGF-II(rhIGF-I/rhlGF-II) and band intensities measured by autoradiography. The typical electrophoretic profile for pig serum, as determined with molecular weight markers, showed four mainbands of approximately 42-39, 32, 30-28 and 24 kDa which seemed to correspond to IGFBP-3, IGFBP-2, IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-4 respectively. Likewise, a triplet of approximately 42-39 kDa (IGFBP-3), a broad area called IGFBP-30 region (most probably IGFBP-1, -2 and -3 variants) and a third band of approximately 24 kDa (IGFBP-4) were seen in rat samples. Determination of IGFBP-2 and -1 in rat serum samples, as two separate bands on 12% gels was difficult due to their close electrophoretic migration and possibly to the reported lower levels of IGFBP-2 in adult rat serum. Dilutions tested on 0.2 micron nitrocellulose membranes with samples volumes between 0.25 to 1.5 microliters (1:10-1:60 dilutions), showed IGFBPs curves with good linearity which suggest first, that there exist a quantitative relation between the amount of each protein and the densitometric response and second, that the transfer of the proteins was linear across the range of 0.25 to 1.5 microliters (1:10-1:60 dilutions). Moreover, the results also suggest that losses were equally spread and that the proteins retained their binding properties after the transfer process. Reproducibility showed intraassay coefficients of variation (CVs) of 15% or lower using either a transfer device without cooling system or a combination of a transfer device with cooling system and manually defined band boundaries. In summary, it was shown that the optimized experimental conditions here described for the WLB method, allow reliable simultaneous measurements of the main pig and rat serum IGFBPs and therefore, could be utilised to detect changes in the serum profile after dietary manipulations.
Lipoprotein(a) is a unique lipoprotein with atherothrombogenic properties. Although its blood concentration is mainly genetically determined, various factors exist which may cause variability. These may influence the clinical use of the results. We studied lipoprotein(a) biological variation by a rate nephelometric assay over a period of two years in a population of healthy fertile women. The study was performed in 12 volunteers, healthy subjects with various lipoprotein(a) concentrations, by monthly determinations during one year and a single determination one year later, together with measurements of total, high density lipoprotein and high density lipoprotein2 cholesterol, triglycerides and apolipoproteins A1 and B. The intra-individual variability of lipoprotein(a) ranged between 4 to 20%, with three subjects showing a coefficient of biological variation higher than 15%. In absolute terms, the difference between two determinations could represent 0.44 g/l or 50% of the mean value. This study suggests that physiological lipoprotein(a) variations should be taken into account for clinical purposes, especially in patients in need of thorough risk evaluation.
The effects of the time of the day and breakfast on the outcome of interleukin-6 and its soluble receptor in serum were studied on 22 subjectively health volunteers. We collected blood specimens at 8.00 a.m. after an overnight fast, at 9.30 a.m. after usual breakfast, and at 11.30 a.m. A second group of volunteers (n = 20) was studied during the evening. We observed a significant decrease in the concentration of interleukin-6 after breakfast. This suggests that for assay of this analyte it is preferable to collect specimens after overnight fast. No changes were observed in the concentrations of interleukin-6 soluble receptor. Weak, but significant negative correlations were found between the age of the volunteers and the concentrations of interleukin-6 soluble receptor and between age and the ratio interleukin-6 soluble receptor/interleukin-6. The concentrations of interleukin-6 were positively and significantly correlated with age. The within-subject variability was 30% for interleukin-6, 13% for its receptor, and 33.1% for the ratio interleukin-6 soluble receptor/interleukin-6. The between-subject variability was 43.7% for interleukin-6, 22.2% for its receptor, and 60.2% for the ratio interleukin-6 soluble receptor/interleukin-6. The indices of individuality (ratio within-subject variability/between-subject variability) were calculated and found to be 0.69, 0.60, and 0.55 for interleukin-6, its soluble receptor, and the ratio interleukin-6 soluble receptor/interleukin-6, respectively. The implications of these indices with the use of health-related reference values is discussed.
Plasma noradrenaline (NA) levels were compared between two groups of patients with major depressive disorder (melancholic/psychotic and non-melancholic), patients with general anxiety disorders and healthy controls. The melancholic/psychotic depressed group had the highest plasma NA levels. This only reached statistical significance with respect to the control group. Within the depressed group, there was no association between plasma NA levels and age, weight loss, ratings of depression, anxiety or plasma cortisol levels. Variance of plasma NA was greatest in the melancholic/psychotic depressed group. A review of previous studies shows an association between raised plasma NA, depressive illness and alterations in NA variance. This association may be limited to melancholic/psychotic depressed patients. The above findings support a dysregulated noradrenergic system in depressive illness.
The study was performed on 30, 8-year-old children living in an industrial town of the Upper Silesia region. Morning urine samples were collected on 6 consecutive days. Intraindividual variation of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations, calculated as a coefficient of variance (CV), ranged from 14 to 109% whereas inter-individual variation ranged from 69 to 109%. Three-way analysis of variance disclosed a significant effect of sex, exposure to environmental tobacco smoke and day of examination on 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations not corrected for creatinine. The appropriate sample size for population studies and the minimum number of observations for the individual assessment of environmental exposure to PAHs calculated on the basis of inter- and intraindividual variability of 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in urine amounted to 164 and 99, respectively. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene may be considered a good indicator of environmental exposure to PAHs at the group level.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) based on blood oxygen level-dependent (BOLD) contrast has become an increasingly popular technique for mapping the brain. The relationship between BOLD-fMRI imaging and imaging of blood flow activation with positron emission tomography (PET) remains unclear. Moreover, BOLD imaging strategies and analysis procedures vary widely across laboratories. To examine the relationship between these different methods, we compared brain activation maps of a word-stem completion task obtained both using PET and using fMRI across two separate institutions (Washington University and Massachusetts General Hospital) with different acquisitions (gradient-refocused echo and asymmetric spin echo) and different analysis techniques. Overall, activation maps were highly similar across both fMRI methods and PET. A set of activated brain areas, in consistent locations in Talairach atlas space, were identified across all three studies, including visual striate and extrastriate, left prefrontal, supplementary motor area (SMA), and right cerebellar areas. Decreases in activation were also consistently observed in medial parietal, posterior insular, and medial inferior frontal areas. Some differences were noted that may be related to the silent performance of the task with fMRI. The largely consistent results suggest that comparisons can be made appropriately across imaging modalities and laboratory methods. A further implication of the consistencies, which extended to both increases and decreases in signal, is that the underlying brain physiology leading to BOLD contrast may be more similar to blood flow than originally appreciated.
UNLABELLED: Technetium-99m-dimercaptosuccinic acid (DMSA) scintigraphy is a frequently used diagnostic test in pediatric practice to assess the presence and severity of renal damage. Most commonly it is performed after urinary tract infection. The aim of this study was to investigate the variability in the interpretation of DMSA scans by pediatric nuclear medicine physicians in this clinical setting. METHODS: We selected all 441 scans from children with first-time urinary tract infection who presented between 1993 and 1995 to a pediatric casualty department and who are participants in a prospective cohort study. Two hundred and ninety-four scans were performed at a median time of 7 days after diagnosis, and 147 scans were from children who were free from further infection over a 1-yr follow-up period. Two experienced nuclear medicine physicians independently interpreted the 441 scans according to whether renal damage was present or absent and using the modified 4-level grading system for DMSA abnormality of Goldraich. Apart from being informed that urinary tract infection was the indication for DMSA scintigraphy, no other clinical information was given to the nuclear medicine physicians. The indices of variability used were the percentage of agreement and the kappa statistic. For the grading scale used, both measures were weighted with integers representing the number of categories from perfect agreement. Disagreement was analyzed for children, kidneys and kidney zones. RESULTS: There was agreement in 86% (kappa = 69%) for the normal-abnormal DMSA scan dichotomy, and the weighted agreement was 94% (weighted kappa = 82%) for the grading of abnormality. Disagreement of DMSA scan interpretation of > or =2 grades was present in three cases (0.7%). The same high level of agreement was present for patient, kidney and kidney zone comparisons. Agreement was not influenced by age or timing of scintigraphy after urinary tract infection. CONCLUSION: Two experienced nuclear medicine physicians showed good agreement in the interpretation of DMSA scintigraphy in children after urinary tract infection and using the grading system of Goldraich. 
OBJECTIVE: To systematically investigate the reproducibility and reliability of a newly developed, less invasive approach of estimating blood volume (BV), using indocyanine green (ICG) measured with pulse-spectrophotometry. DESIGN: Prospective, clinical study. SETTING: Surgical unit at a university hospital. PATIENTS: Twenty-two patients undergoing general anesthesia for elective surgery and seven healthy volunteers. INTERVENTIONS: Catheters were inserted into the forearm veins of healthy volunteers for the administration of ICG and blood sampling for the measurement of hemoglobin concentration. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: The distribution volumes of ICG in seven healthy volunteers were estimated repetitively following three or four consecutive intravenous administrations at 30-min intervals. A low intrasubject coefficient of variation of 3.94 +/- 2.03 (SEM) % and a reasonable intersubject coefficient of variation of 13.3 +/- 5.52% (in mL/kg) for the BV measurements were obtained. In addition, ICG was administered to 22 patients, first under general anesthesia by a bolus, and then by a bolus with a constant-rate infusion. The ICG blood concentration was noninvasively measured with pulse-spectrophotometry. The blood concentration time courses following both bolus and constant-rate infusion were well fitted by the one-compartment model, indicating that the distribution equilibrium of ICG is instantaneous. The distribution volumes estimated following bolus injection correlate closely with the distribution volume estimated based on constant-rate infusion administration (r2 = .90). CONCLUSIONS: The BV estimation with a bolus injection of ICG and pulse-spectrophotometry is reliable, as reflected by the reproducible BVs estimated in the same subject. The integrated pulse-spectrophotometry monitoring system offers a less invasive and useful tool for bedside estimation of BV. 
1. We studied cardiovascular variability, baroreflex and blood volume regulating hormones to determine the relative roles of autonomic regulation and hormones during blood donation.2. The sympathetic response was studied by measuring the R-R interval and systolic blood pressure variability using coarse graining spectral analysis in eight blood donors. Beat-by-beat R-R intervals and blood pressure were recorded for 20 min before and 5 min after a whole-blood donation of 480+/-10 ml (about 7 ml/kg of blood volume, over 4 min). Plasma catecholamines, vasopressin, atrial natriuretic peptide, endothelin, active renin, osmolality, Na+, K+, haemoglobin and haematocrit were measured just before and after blood withdrawal.3. Blood donation led to increases in the plasma catecholamines (adrenaline, 21+/-2 versus 35+/-3 pg/ml; noradrenaline, 229+/-26 versus 323+/-37 pg/ml; dopamine, 34+/-3 versus 66+/-9 pg/ml) and in systolic blood pressure (130+/-6 versus 140+/-5 mmHg). These changes were independent of ionic or slow endocrine mechanisms. Heart rate, cardiovascular variability and the spontaneous baroreflex sensitivity did not change despite the increase in blood pressure and catecholamines. Thus the peripheral vascular control was probably involved.4. We conclude that the absence of any change in heart rate usually observed during non-hypotensive hypovolaemic stress is probably due to the sympathetic activation being counterbalanced by the high supine vagal tone at the heart and not to the heterogeneous nature of the sympathetic neural response or to changes in sympathetic and parasympathetic activity without any change in autonomic balance.
PURPOSE: The 30-s Wingate Anaerobic Test (WAnT) has been used to assess anaerobic performance capacity and to evaluate physiological responses to supramaximal exercise. Blood lactate concentration ([La]) following supramaximal exercise is often used in the field and in the laboratory to assess the glycolytic contribution to exercise. Although the reliability of the performance in the WAnT has been established, this has not been the case with the WAnT's [La] response. Thus, the main purpose of this research was to study the test-retest reliability of peak [La] following the WAnT. Additionally, the test-retest reliability of the heart rate (HR) and plasma volume changes (deltaPV) response was also evaluated. METHODS: Twenty-nine subjects (15 male, 14 female) of diverse training levels as well as physical characteristics (mean +/- SD: 23.3+/-7.0 yr, 62.5+/-12.0 kg, 170.8+/-9.7 cm, and 16.3+/-6.2% fat) performed two WAnTs within 1 wk. Capillary blood was sampled from a prewarmed fingertip at rest, just before the WAnT and at 3, 5, 7, and 9 min following it. HR was also measured during these times. RESULTS: Mean-power (MP) (+/-SE) in test 1 and test 2 was 8.4+/-0.2 and 8.3+/-0.2 W X kg(-1) body mass, respectively. Peak [La] was attained 5-7 min following the WAnTs and was not significantly different between test 1 and test 2 (9.7+/-0.3 vs 9.8+/-0.3 mM, respectively). Peak HR occurred within 5 s post-WAnT and was not different between tests (170.8+/-2.2 and 171.3+/-2.2 beats X min(-1), in test 1 and test 2, respectively). Peak deltaPV was not different between tests (-12.0+/-3.4 and -11.1+/-3.2%, in test 1 and test 2, respectively). The intraclass reliability coefficients for peak [La]. peak HR and deltaPV were 0.926, 0.941, and 0.878, respectively, whereas the corresponding value for MP was 0.982. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that peak [La], peak HR, and deltaPV following the WAnT are reliable measures. 
To test whether plucked hairs are a reliable source of DNA for genotyping microsatellite loci, we carried out experiments using one, three, or 10 hairs per extract for 50 alpine marmots. For each extract, seven independent genotypings were performed for the same locus (multiple-tubes approach). Two types of genotyping errors were recorded: a false homozygote defined as the detection of only one allele of a true heterozygote, and a false allele defined as a PCR-generated allele that was not one of the alleles of the true genotype. Using DNA extracted from one, three, or 10 hairs the overall error rate was 14.00%, 4.86%, and 0.29%, respectively. Based on our results, we conclude that 10 hairs should be used to obtain consistently reliable genotypings using the single-tube approach, and that a single plucked hair could represent a reliable source of DNA if the multiple-tubes approach is used. For future studies of dinucleotide repeat diversity using DNA extracted from one to three shed or plucked hairs, we strongly recommend initiating an appropriate pilot study to quantify the error rate and to determine the reliability of the single-tube approach.
PURPOSE: We analyzed a large data set to study reproducibility of peak urinary flow rates and prostate volumes in benign prostatic hyperplasia patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Longitudinal data were analyzed from 284 placebo treated patients in a double-blind, placebo controlled benign prostatic hyperplasia drug trial. RESULTS: A statistically significant increase in mean maximum flow rate was seen in the initial 3 measurements, as well as after adjusting for voided volume and time between uroflows. The mean maximum flow rate increased from 8.61 to 9.36 ml. per second at measurement 4 (8.7%). Of the patients 43% had 2 consecutive prostate volume determinations within +/- 10%. Within patient variability accounted for 7% of total prostate volume variability. CONCLUSIONS: With subsequent voidings maximum flow rate increases in a large group of patients. At least 4 uroflows must be performed to reach a plateau for maximum flow rate. Explanations for this finding may be the increasing experience of the patient and regression to the mean. These findings may impact on comparison of large trials of treatment efficacy. Within patient variability of prostate volume is substantial and, in addition to measurement method and lack of reader blinding to time and patient identity, may be caused by other yet unknown factors. 
The intraobserver reproducibility of ultrasonic volume blood flow measurements in the human fetus was evaluated in this study. A new approach, simultaneous measurement of the vessel diameter and the flow velocity with a pulsed-wave Doppler ultrasound synchronized with a real-time ultrasound phase-locked echo-tracking system, was used to estimate volume blood flow (VBF) in the fetal descending aorta. Measurements were performed in a longitudinal study on 20 normally grown fetuses. Intraobserver reproducibility of repeated estimations of mean blood flow velocities throughout gestation was very good, with high values of intraclass correlation coefficient (IntraCC 0.80-0.91) and low values of coefficient of variation (CV 4-11%). The IntraCC of repeated vessel diameter measurements throughout gestation was low (0.30-0.68), whereas the values of CV were acceptable (< 12%), with the exception of the period between 140 and 167 gestational days (CV > 12%). The lower reproducibility of vessel diameter measurement contributed directly to the relatively low reproducibility of VBF estimations overall (IntraCC 0.25-0.70; CV 17-28%), as these are calculated from a formula using both flow velocity and vessel diameter. Nevertheless, the synchronized approach gives absolute values of vessel diameter, flow velocity and VBF comparable with values reported in the human fetus previously. The new method provides, by taking the vessel wall pulsations into consideration and by measuring diameter and velocity simultaneously, a more complete information on fetal haemodynamics and fetal physiology.
We examined the distribution and long-term reliability of serum measurements of the two main human lignans, enterolactone and enterodiol, and the isoflavonoid phytoestrogens daidzein, genistein, equol, and O-Desmethylangolensin in the New York University Women's Health Study, a prospective cohort study of sex hormones and breast cancer. Serum samples collected at three yearly visits in 30 premenopausal and 30 postmenopausal women who had not been diagnosed with cancer or cardiovascular disease were included in the study. Assays were carried out by ion-exchange chromatography and capillary gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Levels of isoflavonoid phytoestrogens were low, often at or below the sensitivity level of the assay. The reliability coefficients for these compounds were also low (< or =0.30). The median levels of enterodiol and enterolactone were 1.52 nmol/liter and 20.2 nmol/liter, respectively, and were comparable with the levels observed in omnivorous Finnish women living in the Helsinki area. A substantial number of women, though, had fairly high levels: for instance, 15% of the assays showed levels of enterolactone greater than the mean level observed in vegetarian Finnish women, i.e., 89.1 nmol/liter (H. Adlercreutz et al., Cancer Detec. Prev., 18: 259-271, 1994). The reliability coefficient of a single measurement of enterolactone was moderately high (0.55), suggesting that serum measurements of this compound could be a useful tool in prospective epidemiological studies with access to repeated blood or serum specimens. For instance, the reliability coefficient of the average of three measurements of enterolactone would be 0.79, a level considered acceptable in light of the other sources of error that are present in epidemiological studies (W. Willett, Stat. Med., 8: 1031-1040, 1989).
OBJECTIVE: To determine the variability of measuring regional adipose tissue area using abdominal computed tomography (CT) in normal-weight, prepubertal girls. DESIGN: Measurements of abdominal CT were performed twice, 6 weeks apart. SUBJECTS: Sixty-one normal-weight, prepubertal girls (age: 4.8-10.3 y, mean (s.d.) BMI: 16.7 +/- 1.5 kg/m2). MEASUREMENTS: Abdominal adipose tissue by CT at baseline and 6 weeks later. RESULTS: There were no significant differences between visits 1 and 2 with regard to the children's average abdominal CT derived intraabdominal adipose tissue (21.64 cm2 vs 23.74 cm2) and subcutaneous adipose tissue (62.49 cm2 vs 65.28 cm2). The Pearson coefficient of correlation (r), P-value, total coefficient of variation (CV) and standard error of the difference (SEdelta) for intra-individual measurements between visits 1 and 2 by abdominal CT were: total abdominal adipose tissue, r = 0.94, P < 0.0001, CV = 12.34%, SEdelta 2.25 cm2; subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue, r = 0.96, P < 0.0001, CV = 10.67%, SEdelta = 1.57 cm2; and intraabdominal adipose tissue, r = 0.67, P < 0.0001, CV = 21.5%, SEdelta = 1.11 cm2. The mean ratios of intraabdominal to subcutaneous adipose tissue on visits 1 and 2 were 0.42 +/- 0.2 and 0.44 +/- 0.24, respectively. CONCLUSION: Regional adipose tissue area measurements using abdominal CT were reliable in healthy, normal-weight, prepubertal girls. 
Biochemical markers of bone resorption are useful for evaluating metabolic bone diseases. A three-center study was performed in 253 men, 21-86 yr of age, to determine the normal range of urinary N-telopeptide of type I collagen (NTX/creatinine) in a nonfasting, second void, morning specimen, to define the biological variability and to examine the relationship between NTX/creatinine and age. Men with disorders or taking medications known to alter bone turnover, or with a serum creatinine level greater than 2 mg/dL were excluded. Results are expressed as nanomoles of bone collagen equivalents (BCE) per mmol creatinine. In a subset of individuals over age 30 yr, additional second void morning urine specimens were obtained at 2, 3, and 4 days (short term study) and at 2, 3, and 4 months (long term study) after the first specimen. After collection, samples were shipped to one laboratory for analysis. Multiple samples from the same subject were analyzed in separate assays. It was found that urinary NTX/ creatinine was significantly higher in 45 men, aged 21-30 yr, than in 206 men, aged 31-86 yr (48 +/- 22 vs. 33 +/- 15 nmol/L BCE/mmol/L creatinine; P < 0.00001). Values did not otherwise change with age. The range of values in men aged 21-30 yr was 4-92 nmol/L BCE/mmol/L creatinine. The range for men over age 30 yr was 3- 63 nmol/L BCE/mmol/L creatinine, essentially the same as that previously reported for premenopausal women. The coefficient of variation was determined in each individual for the short term (n = 36) and long term studies (n = 35) and averaged 18% and 19%, respectively. There was no correlation between short term and long term coefficient of variations. In summary, urinary NTX/creatinine is higher in men aged 21-30 yr than in men over age 30 yr and may reflect continued skeletal maturation. Intrasubject variability of urinary NTX/creatinine in short term and long term studies has been defined for clinical purposes.
Plasma human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) RNA levels correlate closely with clinical prognosis in both treated and untreated HIV-infected persons and are widely used to guide clinical practice and as a primary end point in clinical trials. Thus, variability in these measurements may significantly affect their interpretation in clinical practice and research. The variability in consecutive measurements of plasma HIV RNA levels was studied in 387 subjects receiving either stable nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor therapy or no treatment. The Pearson's correlation coefficient between baseline measures 2 weeks apart was 0.92. The mean SD in consecutive measurements 1 month apart was 0.31 log10 copies/mL with a 95% tolerance limit of 0.7 log10 copies/mL (5-fold). Two-thirds of the total variance in consecutive measures 1 month apart was due to biologic fluctuation; one-third was due to assay variance. The biologic variance increased proportionately with the number of weeks between assessments. Clinicians and investigators should be aware of the magnitude of variability in viral RNA levels in the HIV-infected population.
Recent evidence suggests a major role for prothrombin as a risk factor for thrombosis. However, estimating prothrombin levels from a deficient plasma-based clotting assay (factor IIc) is expensive and technically difficult in the setting of population-based research. We report the development of an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) for prothrombin using purified antigen and polyclonal anti-prethrombin-1 IgG. Three different quality control plasmas had coefficients of variation (CV) of 6.5%, 4.9%, and 4.8%. Analytical recovery averaged 103.8%. Results from the ELISA correlated well with factor IIc results (r=0.75). The 5th-95th percentile range for healthy men (n=10) and women (n=16) was 97.7 pg/ml to 161.8 microg/ml. The assay exhibited no significant cross-reactivity with other vitamin-K-dependent proteins. Prothrombin showed no diurnal variation. In a study of biovariability the analytical variability, CV(A), was 3.1%; the within-subject variability, CV(I), was 7.3%; the between-subject variability, CV(G), was 14.5%. The critical difference for sequential values (i.e. the smallest percentage change unlikely to be due to CV(A) or CV(I)) significant at P=0.05 was 21.9%. The index of individuality, CV(I)/CV(G), was 0.50. On the basis of the overall biovariability data, primarily the index of individuality, prothrombin as measured in our ELISA is well suited for applications in population-based research.
BACKGROUND: It has been proposed that serum levels of eosinophil cationic protein (ECP) may be a clinically useful measure in allergic illness. The aim of this report is to describe the distribution and reproducibility of serum ECP levels in a population sample and to examine its relationship with other markers of disease. METHODS: The study was conducted in rural areas of Norfolk, UK in a random sample of men aged 20-44 years enriched with subjects drawn from general practice 'asthma registers'. Asthma symptoms were assessed using the EC Respiratory Health Survey questionnaire. Atopy was measured by skin prick tests and serum IgE. Airway hyperresponsiveness (AHR) was tested by methacholine challenge test. Serum IgE and ECP was measured by fluoroimmunoassay using the Pharmacia CAP system. Reference equations were derived in subjects from the random sample who did not have symptoms of asthma, abnormal lung function or AHR. The relation of serum ECP with various clinical characteristics was examined in the whole study population. Reproducibility of serum ECP measurement was assessed in 57 subjects 4 weeks after the initial test. RESULTS: The study population comprised 311 from the random sample and 58 from the asthma sample. The reference equation for serum ECP for healthy men was log10 ECP = 1.3966 - [(age - 20) x 0.0057]. The estimated mean serum ECP for a 20-year-old man was 25 microg/L. Current smokers have higher serum ECP levels that non-smokers (P = 0.014). ECP levels were not related to the skin prick test reactivity, serum IgE, a questionnaire-based diagnosis of asthma, or impaired lung function (all P > 0.05). Levels were higher in subjects with AHR (P = 0.003) and those who reported wheeze (P = 0.017) but there was no clinically useful separation in ECP levels between subjects classified by these criteria. The test was moderately reproducible over a 4-week period (intraclass correlation coefficient = 0.62). DISCUSSION: Serum ECP levels were higher in this rural English population than reported in a comparable population in Sweden. Serum ECP is a reproducible test but cross-sectionally does not relate in any clinically useful way to markers of asthma. The meaning of between- subject differences in ECP levels requires further exploration. 
Twenty-nine Angora goats were used in a trial of a commercial enterotoxaemia (pulpy kidney disease) vaccine. The animals were allocated to four groups, of which three received an initial dose of vaccine, two also received a booster of the same vaccine either 28 or 42 days after the first vaccination, and the fourth remained as an unvaccinated control group. An indirect ELISA technique was used to measure the titres of Clostridium perfringens type D epsilon antitoxin in serum samples taken before vaccination and 17, 28, 42, 59, 70, 86, 98 and 128 days after vaccination. There was a wide range of antibody titres after vaccination, and the great majority of the vaccinated animals had titres below the protective level, arbitrarily set at 0.25 iu/ml, by day 98.
A possible relationship between change in dietary cholesterol absorption and plasma lipoprotein responsiveness was examined in 18 normal subjects fed low fat low cholesterol, high fat low cholesterol, and high fat high cholesterol diets. For the group, neither dietary cholesterol nor dietary fat affected the percentage dietary cholesterol absorption, whereas dietary cholesterol intake raised total and LDL-C and dietary fat raised total, LDL, and HDL-C. On a fixed diet there was approximately a 2-fold variation among subjects in percentage dietary cholesterol absorption. Subjects also varied in response to dietary cholesterol and fat with regard to dietary cholesterol absorption and plasma lipoprotein responsiveness. There was a U-shaped parabolic relationship between dietary cholesterol-induced percent change in LDL-C and the change in percentage dietary cholesterol absorption (R2 = 0.62, P = 0.005). A similar but weaker relationship characterized the responsiveness of HDL-C (R2 = 0.38, P = 0.05). For the group, increased cholesterol intake raised dietary cholesterol mass absorption from 1.6 to 4.6 mg/kg per day, but the range of increase was from 1 to 4.7 mg/kg per day. Increased fat intake also affected dietary cholesterol mass absorption with most subjects displaying a strong inverse relationship between fat intake and mass absorption (r = -0.77, P < 0.003). In summary: i) the percentage change in dietary cholesterol absorption in response to dietary cholesterol does appear to regulate diet responsiveness of LDL and HDL-C, and ii) the large variability in percent absorption and changes in percentage and mass absorption in response to dietary cholesterol suggest the presence of genetically determined differences among individuals in the regulation of dietary cholesterol absorption.
The third form of maturity-onset diabetes of the young is caused by mutations in the hepatocyte nuclear factor-1alpha gene. Recently, we demonstrated an association between a prevalent polymorphism at codon 98, Ala/Val98, of this gene and a 20% decreased insulin release during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in middle-aged glucose-tolerant Danish Caucasian subjects. The major objective of the present study was to replicate this finding among glucose-tolerant first degree relatives of type 2 diabetic patients of the same ethnic origin. All participants, 231 glucose-tolerant offspring of 62 type 2 diabetic probands, underwent an OGTT with measurements of plasma glucose, serum insulin, and serum C peptide during the test. Thirty-three heterozygous carriers of the Ala/Val variant were identified, whereas no subjects had the variant in its homozygous form. Ala/Val carriers had a 20% reduction in serum C peptide at 30 min during the OGTT (1225+/-636 vs. 1507+/-624 pmol/L; P=0.02) compared to wild-type carriers. No significant differences in serum insulin levels during the OGTT were observed between carriers of the variant and Ala/Ala homozygotes. In conclusion, among Danish glucose-tolerant first degree relatives of type 2 diabetic patients the Ala/Val98 polymorphism of the hepatocyte nuclear factor-1alpha gene is associated with a decreased serum C-peptide secretion during an OGTT. This finding confirms our previously reported observation of the functional importance of the variant to insulin secretion during an OGTT among middle-aged healthy subjects.
BACKGROUND: The low dose dexamethasone suppression test (DST) has been used to detect subtle variations in the feedback suppression of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, which may contribute to the pathogenesis of several diseases including depression, the metabolic syndrome and coronary artery disease. Little is known about the reproducibility of this test, or whether the test can be combined with analysis of salivary cortisol which would offer a significant advantage over plasma in population studies. SUBJECTS AND DESIGN: A low dose DST was carried out in 29 healthy subjects (14 men, 15 women), aged 24-54 (mean 35.1) years, on two separate occasions 1-10 weeks apart. Following the administration of 0.25 mg dexamethasone (DXM) at 2200 h, plasma and saliva were sampled at 0830 h the next day. Cortisol was measured by radioimmunoassay in plasma and time-resolved immunofluorescent assay ('DELFIA') in saliva. Bland-Altman plots were produced for post-DXM plasma and salivary cortisol measures and used to derive a coefficient of repeatability for each measure, which describes the range of cortisol measurements within which 95% of repeated measurements will fall. RESULTS: The baseline, pre-DXM cortisol concentrations were far more variable for saliva (mean 16.5, range 4.4-34 nmol/l) than for plasma (mean 407.5; range 232-958 nmol/l). Following DXM both measurements showed an approximately 30% suppression from baseline but the variability of salivary cortisol was much greater. From the Bland-Altman plots the 95% range for the differences about their mean was calculated and used as an indication of repeatability. For plasma 95% of differences were within 0.78 log units, indicating that a repeated measurement was approximately half as small or twice as large as the first. For saliva 95% of differences were within 1.64, indicating that a repeated measurement was approximately five times as small or five times as large as the first. CONCLUSIONS: Assessment of dexamethasone suppression by salivary cortisol measurement is far less repeatable than the use of plasma cortisol. In the context of field studies of dexamethasone suppression, salivary cortisol measurements may only be appropriate for large numbers of subjects. 
OBJECTIVE: Only a limited number of transcranial color-coded Doppler studies have provided ranges for the normal reference values of cerebral hemodynamic parameters. These reports are not fully convergent in relation to the range of values or to the age and sex dependence of blood flow parameters. The aim of the present study was to provide data regarding normal reference ranges. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: We examined 182 healthy volunteers (79 men and 103 women; age range, 20-86 years old) with color-coded Doppler sonography via a temporal acoustic window with a 2.5-MHz transcranial probe. The subjects were divided into three age groups: 20-40 years old (group 1), 41-60 years old (group 2), and more than 60 years old (group 3). Angle-corrected peak systolic, end-diastolic, and mean velocities as well as impedance indexes were determined in anterior, middle, and posterior cerebral arteries. RESULTS: Mean velocity values for middle, anterior, and posterior cerebral arteries in age group 1 were 81+/-20, 56+/-14, and 52+/-12 cm/sec (mean +/- SD), respectively. In group 2, the values were 73+/-19, 53+/-16, and 51+/-12 cm/sec (mean +/- SD), and in group 3, the values were 59+/-11, 44+/-11, and 40+/-9 cm/sec (mean +/- SD). Decrease in blood flow velocities and a concomitant increase in impedance indexes were found in all vessels with advancing age-findings that were most pronounced in subjects who were more than 40 years old. In the 20- to 40-year-old group, mean velocities for all vessels were higher in women than in men, whereas impedance indexes were not significantly different. CONCLUSION: Flow velocities in basal cerebral arteries range widely and are significantly age dependent. Age and sex matching of Doppler sonographic data is a prerequisite for clinically valuable conclusions. 
We examined the reproducibility of a second-generation branched-DNA (bDNA) assay (Quantiplex HIV RNA 2.0) for quantification of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) RNA in plasma by retesting 325 specimens on separate runs and on different lots. The performance of the bDNA test was also assessed by data analysis obtained during routine testing of 15,365 specimens. Upon retesting, 96 and 86% of specimens displaying RNA levels above 5,000 and between 500 and 5, 000 copies/ml, respectively, showed less than a 0.3 log10 (twofold) difference with their initial values. Assay variability was found to increase as viral load decreased. Overall, the bDNA version 2.0 assay was found to be a reproducible and efficient test for routine quantification of HIV-1 RNA in plasma.
OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the in vivo effect of xanthine oxidase (XO) inhibition by allopurinol on the determination of polymorphic N-acetyltransferase 2 (NAT2) and cytochrome P450 1A2 (CYP1A2) with urinary caffeine metabolic ratios. METHODS: In an open, prospective study involving 21 healthy subjects (eight fast, 13 slow NAT2 acetylators) allopurinol (300 mg perday) was administered orally on trial days 1-8, followed by a wash-out period of 8 days. Urinary caffeine tests (200 mg caffeine p.o.) were performed repetitively. Urine was collected for 8 h and venous blood samples for the determination of allopurinol, oxypurinol and uric acid were drawn. The urinary caffeine metabolites 1-methyluric acid (1MU), 1-methylxanthine (1MX), 1,7-dimethyluric acid (17MU), 1,7-dimethylxanthine (17MX), 5-acetylamino-6-formylamino-3-methyluracil (AFMU), plasma allopurinol and oxypurinol were analysed using high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). RESULTS: During XO inhibition by allopurinol, the formation of 1MU from 1MX and therefore the XO ratio 1MU/1MX decreased to 15.9 (1.2)% [mean with (SEM)] of baseline values (P < 0.005). The NAT2 ratio AFMU/1MX decreased likewise to 56.7 (6.3)% (P < 0.005). AFMU/(AFMU + 1MX + 1MU), an alternative NAT2 ratio, remained constant, but the CYP1A2 ratio (AFMU + 1MX + 1MU)/17MU, used to express CYP1A2 activity, transiently increased to 167 (13)% (P < 0.005). The NAT2 phenotype did not influence CYP1A2 and XO ratios or plasma oxypurinol pharmacokinetics. CONCLUSIONS: Several caffeine metabolic ratios are commonly used to express the activities of NAT2, CYP1A2 and XO both in healthy volunteers and in polymedicated patients, although their reliability has not been evaluated thoroughly during concurrent drug administration. The findings of this study suggest that NAT2 phenotyping should be performed using the ratio AFMU/(AFMU + 1MX + 1MU) if an XO inhibitor may be present. It also shows that the determination of CYP1A2 activity with caffeine as a metabolic probe is considerably altered under these conditions. Thus, concomitant drug administration may impair the robustness of multiple pathways of the complex caffeine test. This points to the need for alternative probes, designed to assess only the activity of a single enzyme because, in contrast to healthy volunteers, in patients known or unknown drug interactions may often be present. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reliability of taurine concentrations measured in a single urine sample obtained from dogs 8 hours after eating, compared with taurine concentrations measured in 24-hour urine samples. ANIMALS: 18 healthy Beagles. PROCEDURE: After emptying the urinary bladder by transurethral catheterization, dogs were fed a canned maintenance diet. Approximately 8 hours later, urine, plasma, and serum samples were obtained for determination of fractional urinary excretion of taurine and urine taurine-to-creatinine concentration ratios (Utaur:Ucr). Results were compared with 24-hour urinary taurine excretion rate. RESULTS: Unbound and total fractional urinary taurine excretion correlated well with unbound and total 24-hour urinary taurine excretion. However, bound fractional urinary taurine excretion correlated poorly with bound 24-hour urinary taurine excretion. Unbound and total Utaur:Ucr correlated well with unbound and total 24-hour urinary taurine excretion. However, bound Utaur:Ucr correlated poorly with bound 24-hour urinary taurine excretion. CONCLUSION AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Fractional urinary excretion of unbound and total taurine, and unbound and total Utaur:Ucr are reliable indicators of 24-hour urinary unbound and total taurine excretion in healthy dogs. However, determination of 24-hour urinary taurine excretion is recommended for evaluating urinary bound taurine concentrations of dogs. 
We analyzed therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) data from 231 schizophrenic inpatients (137 men, 94 women) and investigated interindividual differences of plasma haloperidol (HAL) concentrations and drug/drug interactions between HAL and various concomitant drugs. Plasma HAL concentrations were determined by an enzyme immunoassay (EIA) method. Plasma HAL concentrations per daily dose of HAL per body weight (HAL C/D ratio) demonstrated an approximately 11-fold interindividual variation. The patient subjects who received carbamazepine (CBZ) concomitantly had a mean HAL C/D ratio that was 37% lower than that of the patient subjects without CBZ. The patient subjects treated with concomitant phenobarbital (PB) also showed a mean HAL C/D ratio that was 22% lower than those without PB. We concluded that careful evaluation of HAL TDM data and consideration of the impact of concomitant medication such as CBZ or PB that might influence the metabolism of HAL is necessary in daily clinical settings to avoid insufficient clinical response because of lowered concentrations of HAL or adverse effects because of high concentrations of HAL.
BACKGROUND: Glutathione S-transferases are a family of enzymes involved in the binding, transport, and detoxification of a wide variety of endogenous and exogenous compounds. Little information is available about the variability of class alpha glutathione S-transferases in human liver, where they are highly expressed, or in serum. METHODS: Both total class alpha glutathione S-transferase (GST-alpha, composed of GSTA1-1, GSTA1-2, and GSTA2-2) as well as GSTA1-1 concentrations were measured by specific and sensitive ELISA in liver cytosols of 35 organ donors and in plasma samples of 350 healthy controls. RESULTS: The mean total GST-alpha and GSTA1-1 in liver cytosols were 25.1 +/- 9.4 and 10.7 +/- 5.3 microg/mg protein, respectively, and did not correlate with activities of aspartate aminotransferase or alanine aminotransferase. The mean total GST-alpha in liver was significantly higher in females compared with males (28.8 +/- 10.0 vs 22.0 +/- 7.8 microg/mg protein; P <0.05). In contrast, the median total GST-alpha in plasma was lower in females compared with males (2.0 and 2.8 microg/L, respectively; P <0.0001). The median ratios for GSTA1-1/total GST-alpha in liver and plasma were 0.42 and 0.58, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: GSTA1-1 constitutes approximately one-half of the total amount of alpha class GSTs in human plasma and liver. Total GST-alpha values are higher in female liver but lower in plasma compared with the respective values in males. 
Reports on intraindividual changes of DNA adduct levels in humans are rare. Most of the data available in the literature are from polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and are measured in white blood cells with 32P-postlabeling or immunochemical assays. Surprisingly, environmental exposure can have a larger effect on PAH adduct levels than occupational exposure, food or smoking. Highest (13-fold) summer/winter increments, due to indoor heating were observed in Gliwice, Poland. Further studies of environmental PAH exposure confirm the environmental influence on intraindividual changes in PAHs-DNA adduct levels: studies of the Teplice program, (Czech Republic) and studies with US soldiers, stationed in Germany who went for a 8-week period of duty to Kuwait. Variations in occupational exposure, e.g., changing of anode material in aluminium plants (elevation factor 3.94), layoffs, reduced working hours in iron foundries or vacation also led to intraindividual changes in PAH adduct levels. Increase in PAH adduct levels after consumption of charcoal broiled meat evidently depends on individual susceptibility, e.g., polymorphism. In one person a 7.4-fold increment was observed. PAH adduct levels were not significantly influenced by smoking cessation whereas sister chromatid exchanges significantly decreased. Changes in occupational exposure to styrene in lamination plants, e.g., due to vacation, did not significantly influence styrene-O6-dG adduct levels in lymphocytes and granulocytes as determined by 32P-postlabeling. Increase of N7-methylguanine and O6-methylguanine levels were followed in white blood cells during treatment of cancer patients with dacarbazine and allowed insights into pharmacokinetic properties. According to a rough estimation the high increment in the PAHs-DNA adduct level of about 13 observed in Gliwice (see above) would result in a tentative increase in cancer risk from about 1 death/107 inhabitants to approximately 10 deaths/107 inhabitants which, in general, is considered as acceptable.
We evaluated the reproducibility of laboratory assays for umbilical cord blood estrogen levels and its implications on sample size estimation. Specifically, we examined correlation between duplicate measurements of the same blood samples and estimated the relative contribution of variability due to study subject and assay batch to the overall variation in measured hormone levels. Cord blood was collected from a total of 25 female babies (15 Caucasian and 10 Chinese-American) from full-term deliveries at two study sites between March and December 1997. Two serum aliquots per blood sample were assayed, either at the same time or 4 months apart, for estrone, total estradiol, weakly bound estradiol, and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG). Correlation coefficients (Pearson's r) between duplicate measurements were calculated. We also estimated the components of variance for each hormone or protein associated with variation among subjects and variation between assay batches. Pearson's correlation coefficients were >0.90 for all of the compounds except for total estradiol when all of the subjects were included. The intraclass correlation coefficient, defined as a proportion of the total variance due to between-subject variation, for estrone, total estradiol, weakly bound estradiol, and SHBG were 92, 80, 85, and 97%, respectively. The magnitude of measurement error found in this study would increase the sample size required for detecting a difference between two populations for total estradiol and SHBG by 25 and 3%, respectively.
OBJECTIVE: To determine whether serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA) can be reliably used to predict the absence or presence of skeletal metastases on the bone scan in patients with adenocarcinoma of the prostate. METHODS: We studied 450 consecutive men presenting with adenocarcinoma of the prostate between 1991 and 1995. Serum PSA was measured by the Hybritech Tandem-R monoclonal immunoradiometric assay and bone scanning was performed with 99m-technetium-labelled methylene diphosphonate. In total, 46 patients were excluded for one or more of the following reasons: serum PSA not available; radionuclide bone scan inconclusive; histology of the prostate other than adenocarcinoma; hormonal or other therapy given prior to obtaining the serum PSA and/or bone scan. RESULTS: Of the 404 patients included, 43% had poorly differentiated (grade 3), 74% had locally advanced (stages T3-4) tumours and 50% had skeletal metastases. The mean and median serum PSA were 348 and 52 ng/ml, respectively, and 77% of the patients had a serum PSA >20 ng/ml. The negative predictive value (for the absence of metastases on bone scan) of a serum PSA <20 ng/ml was 87% for the whole group of patients, 92, 94 and 70% for grade 1, 2 and 3 tumours, and 95, 83 and 50% for stage T1-2, T3 and T4 tumours, respectively. The positive predictive value (for the presence of metastases on bone scan) of a serum PSA >100 ng/ml was 80% for the whole group of patients. CONCLUSIONS: In patients presenting with adenocarcinoma of the prostate, serum PSA alone is not sufficiently reliable to predict the absence or presence of metastases on the radionuclide bone scan. In patients with grade 3 and clinical stage T3-4 tumours, a bone scan should be obtained for accurate staging, regardless of the serum PSA value. 
BACKGROUND: Heart rate (HR) variability has been recognized as an important noninvasive index of autonomic nervous activities. However, the relationship between HR variability and cardiac circulating norepinephrine (NE), especially with respect to coronary ischemia, remains unclear. HYPOTHESIS: This study was undertaken to determine whether HR variability indices can reflect cardiac NE levels during handgrip exercise. METHODS: We simultaneously measured HR variability and cardiac NE overflow rate in 32 patients (30 men, 2 women) during a 6-min isometric handgrip exercise. Among the 32 subjects, 20 (19 men, 1 woman) had coronary artery disease (CAD) and 12 (control group; 11 men, 1 woman) did not. RESULTS: Hemodynamics and cardiac NE overflow rates among subjects at rest were not significantly different between the two groups. In the normal subjects, low-frequency (LF) spectra and LF/HF (high-frequency) ratios were not significantly changed during handgrip exercise, but HF spectra significantly increased from 10.1 +/- 4.5 to 12.2 +/- 7.0 ms (p < 0.05). In the subjects with CAD, LF and LF/HF spectra were significantly (p < 0.05 and 0.01, respectively) increased by handgrip exercise. High-frequency spectra were not significantly changed by handgrip exercise. In the normal subjects, a significant negative relation (r = -0.76, p < 0.01) was obtained between HF change and cardiac NE overflow rate, whereas this relationship was not significant in the subjects with CAD. The correlation between changes of LF/HF and cardiac NE overflow rate was significant in the normal (r = 0.56, p < 0.05) but not in subjects with CAD. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that vagal modulation of HR variability is more prominent in normal coronary artery subjects than in CAD subjects during handgrip exercise. Heart rate variability indices may thus serve as adequate indicators of autonomic nerve activity in subjects with normal coronary arteries but not in those with CAD, probably due to decreased adaptation to physical stress during handgrip exercise. 
The aim of this study was to test the hypothesis that the fall in circulating insulin concentration associated with moderate weight loss determines the associated decrease in plasma leptin concentration. For this purpose, 12 healthy, nondiabetic, obese women were studied before and after an average weight loss of 9.5 kg (11.2% of initial body weight). Plasma leptin concentrations fell from a mean (+/-SE) value of 35 +/- 3 to 17 +/- 2 ng/mL (P < 0.001) in association with the loss of weight. However, there was no correlation between the decline in leptin concentration and the associated fall in weight, body mass index, fat mass, or percent body fat. Furthermore, no correlation was seen among changes in fasting plasma glucose or insulin concentrations, the 8-h integrated plasma glucose response to breakfast and lunch, or the estimate of insulin-mediated glucose disposal. The only measured variable that correlated with the fall in plasma leptin concentration (r = 0.78; P < 0.005) was the decline in the 8-h integrated plasma insulin response after weight loss (from 304 +/- 44 to 232 +/- 36 microU/8 h x mL; P < 0.001). Finally, multivariate regression analysis, using various estimates of degree of obesity, insulin resistance, integrated glucose response, and integrated insulin response as dependent variables, indicated that only the insulin response was independently related to the decrease in leptin concentration (P = 0.035). The fall in integrated insulin response accounted for 66% of the variance in leptin concentrations after weight loss, and this was true no matter what the estimate of change in degree of obesity. In addition to offering an explanation for the variance in postweight loss leptin concentrations, these data provide further evidence of the importance of ambient insulin concentrations in the regulation of plasma leptin concentrations.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the day-to-day intraindividual variability of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) in newly diagnosed Caucasian type 2 diabetic subjects. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 193 newly diagnosed, previously untreated, Caucasian type 2 diabetic subjects (135 men, 58 women) had FPG measured on two consecutive days (FPG1, FPG2). Ethical approval and subjects' full informed consent were obtained. Subjects fasted for 12 h before each study day and rested for at least 30 min before blood was taken. Plasma glucose was analyzed by a glucose oxidase method with intra- and interassay coefficients of variation (CVs) < 2%. Variability of FPG was assessed by comparison of percentage differences (PDs): PD = 100 (FPG2 - FPG1)/FPG1, with averaged FPG (FPGaver = [FPG1 + FPG2]/2). Biological and analytical variability were determined by use of SD2total = SD2biological + SD2analytical, where SD2analytical approximately equal to 2 x (CVglucose measurement)2. Given normally distributed data with zero mean, 95% of daily percentage differences will be expected to fall within a range of +/- 2 SDtotal. RESULTS: Subjects were age 54 +/- 10 years (mean +/- SD) and had BMI of 29.3 +/- 5.3 kg/m2. FPG values for both days were 12.2 +/- 3.4 mmol/l (FPG1) and 12.1 +/- 3.3 mmol/l (FPG2), with a mean paired difference (95% CI) of 0.1 (0.0 to 0.3) mmol/l. The variance of these differences increased with increasing FPGaver. The PDs did not exhibit this effect and were normally distributed (mean -0.6% [-1.7 to 0.4]; SD 7.4% [6.8 to 8.3]), giving a 95% variability (2 SD) of 14.8%. Biological variability (2 SDbiological) was 13.7%. No significant difference in PD was found between men and women (mean difference 1.3% [-1.0 to 3.6]; SDmale 7.4%, SDfemale 7.3%; P = 0.62). CONCLUSIONS: A total of 95% of the FPG values for this group of newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic subjects varied within approximately +/- 15% on a daily basis, with approximately 14% caused by biological variability. As these results are expressed in percentage terms, subjects in the group with higher FPG values are likely to experience larger changes in FPG values measured from day to day. This variability should be considered when using FPG for the diagnosis and/or monitoring of response to treatment in patients with type 2 diabetes. 
We determined the reproducibility of plasma leptin levels in 20 healthy subjects (10 men, 10 women; 10 lean, 10 obese) at stable body weight. Blood samples were obtained, after an overnight fast, between 0700 and 0800 on days 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 12, 19, and 26. Body weights were recorded on the same days. Plasma leptin was measured using a specific radioimmunoassay. The mean +/- SE baseline body weights (kg) were 65.8 +/- 3.6 (lean) and 96.4 +/- 7.1 (obese). The body mass indices (BMI) were 22.9 +/- 2.8 kg/m2 (lean) and 32.7 +/- 2.2 kg/m2 (obese). The mean daily fasting plasma glucose level was 98.7 +/- 3.7 mg/dl. Baseline plasma leptin levels (ng/ml) were 5.3 +/- 0.75 in lean men, 14.9 +/- 4.6 in obese men, 11.2 +/- 2.8 in lean women, and 27.1 +/- 8.4 in obese women. Fasting leptin levels on days 2 to 26 were highly correlated with the baseline levels on day 1 (r2 = 0.9, P<0.0001). Body weights remained within 98%-102% of baseline, whereas intra-individual leptin levels fluctuated between 80% and 120% of baseline values, throughout the 26 days of study. We conclude that fasting plasma leptin levels are reproducible, with a maximum day-to-day variation of approximately 20%, in healthy, free-living, lean and obese persons who maintain a stable body weight.
Medication inventory is more reliable than self-report in assessing prescription drug use in elderly populations. It is not known how strongly medication inventory reflects actual medication use as measured by serum drug levels. In the Cardiovascular Health Study, medication data were collected annually by study interviewers from medication containers brought to the clinic visit. At the fourth clinic visit, venipuncture was performed under 12-hour fasting conditions. Participants were told to take medications as usual. Based on medication inventory results, we randomly selected 55 users and 55 non-users of four cardiovascular drugs: aspirin, propranolol, hydrochlorothiazide, and digoxin. All 110 blood samples for each of the four drugs were analyzed; cut points were based on detectable levels given laboratory limitations. Kappa statistics (K) tested degree of agreement between medication inventory findings and serum detection. Assays were completed on 400 samples (91%). Agreement for aspirin (n=102) was poor: K=0.16 (95% CI: 0.0-0.32). Agreement for propranolol (n = 98) was fair: K=0.43 (95% CI: 0.27-0.59). Agreement for hydrochlorothiazide (n=100) was good: K=0.62 (95% CI: 0.53-0.91). Agreement for digoxin (n=100) was excellent: K=0.94 (95% CI: 0.74-1.0). For four all drugs, lack of agreement was confined primarily to participants who reported use but did not have detectable levels. Excluding aspirin users, only one non-user (0.7%) had drug detected in serum. The medication inventory is a reasonably sensitive and a fairly reliable method for ascertaining non-aspirin cardiovascular drug use in the elderly even though this method may overestimate use as assessed by serum level.
Biochemical measures of nutrients or other dietary constituents can be an important component of nutritional assessment and monitoring. However, accurate interpretation of the nutrient concentration is dependent on knowledge of the determinants of the body pool measured. The purpose of this study was to identify the determinants of serum carotenoid and fat-soluble vitamin concentrations in a large, community-based sample (n = 1042). Multiple linear regression analysis was used to examine effects of demographic characteristics (age, sex, race/ethnicity, education), health-related behavior (exercise, sun exposure, smoking, alcohol consumption), and intake (diet, supplements) on serum retinol, 25-hydroxyvitamin D, alpha-tocopherol, phylloquinone, and carotenoid concentrations. Age, sex, race/ethnicity, vitamin A intake, and alcohol consumption were found to be determinants of serum retinol concentration. Race/ethnicity, vitamin D intake, body mass index, smoking status, and sun exposure were determinants of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration. Determinants of serum alpha-tocopherol were age, sex, race/ethnicity, alpha-tocopherol intake, serum cholesterol, percentage of energy from fat (inversely related), supplement use, and body mass index. Age, sex, phylloquinone intake, serum triglycerides, and supplement use were determinants of serum phylloquinone concentration. Primary determinants of serum carotenoids were age, sex, race/ethnicity, carotenoid intake, serum cholesterol, alcohol consumption, body mass index, and smoking status. Overall, the demographic, dietary, and other lifestyle factors explained little of the variability in serum concentrations of retinol (R2 = 0.20), 25-hydroxyvitamin D (R2 = 0.24), and the carotenoids (R2 = 0.15-0.26); only modest amounts of the variability in serum phylloquinone concentration (R2 = 0.40); and more substantial amounts of the variability in serum alpha-tocopherol concentration (R2 = 0.62).
Estimates of the average intra-individual biological variability for plasma lipids and lipoproteins differs substantially among published studies. Moreover, this topic does not appear to have received consideration in exercise and health literature with normal, healthy children as subjects. The purpose of this study was, therefore, to determine the short-term, day-to-day variability of the lipid-lipoprotein profile from 19 children [mean (SD), 11.5 (0.8) years] from 3 separate venous blood samples. Intra-individual standard deviations, variances and coefficients of variance were determined for total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerol (TG), high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), HDL-C sub-fractions HDL2 and HDL3, and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C). The intra-individual variation for TC and LDL-C was used to calculate the 95% confidence intervals (CIs) around the National Cholesterol Education Programme (NCEP 1991) cut-off points. The main finding was that all of the measured blood analytes including TC, TG, HDL-C, HDL2, HDL3, and LDL-C varied considerably from day-to-day. Coefficients of total variation ranged from 3.5% for HDL3 to 25.4% for TG. Classification of individuals using NCEP guidelines was difficult based on only one or two blood samples. The magnitude of variation for LDL-C meant that a 95% CI could not be constructed around the NCEP borderline-high classification from either one or two samples. However, averaging three TC and LDL-C measurements increased the likelihood of classification within the 95% CI. The results indicate that when using the NCEP guidelines for children and adolescents, true concentrations for TC and LDL-C should be based on the mean of multiple samples.
A single spot urine collection to measure the ratio of 6 beta-hydroxycortisol (6 beta-OHC) to free cortisol (C) has been proposed as a research tool for the assessment of CYP3A4 induction. However, intraindividual variability in 6 beta-OHC/C under basal conditions and conditions of induction has not been prospectively evaluated, and findings on the correlation between morning spot and 24-hour urinary ratios have been conflicting. In this study, the variability in morning spot and 24-hour urinary 6 beta-OHC/C ratios was assessed in 15 healthy adult male volunteers before, during, and after oral administration of rifampin 600 mg once daily for 14 days. In addition, the correlation between morning spot and 24-hour urinary ratios measured under baseline, maximum induction, and postinduction was determined. Intraindividual coefficients of variation (CVs) at baseline for the morning spot and 24-hour ratios were 54.3% and 57.1%, respectively, and were not changed significantly during induction. No significant differences were detected in the variability between the morning spot and 24-hour ratios at baseline, maximum induction, or postinduction. A good correlation (r = 0.61, p < 0.0001) was detected between the mean morning spot and 24-hour urinary ratios. Mean (+/- SEM) percent increases in the morning spot and 24-hour ratios at maximum induction relative to baseline were 320% +/- 73% and 137% +/- 30%, respectively (p = 0.019). All 15 subjects had an increase in the mean morning spot ratio at maximum induction relative to baseline, whereas 12 subjects showed an increase in the mean 24-hour ratio. The time course of changes in the mean morning spot urinary ratio in response to a 14-day course of rifampin was also similar to that reported previously in a study using 24-hour urine collections. These findings suggest that measurement of the morning spot urinary 6 beta-OHC/C ratio is an effective and efficient method for evaluating the potential of investigational agents to induce CYP3A4.
Red cell galactose 1-phosphate (Gal-1-P) concentrations and urinary galactitol excretion have been suggested as biochemical indices of dietary compliance in classical transferase-deficient galactosaemia. We report our experience of measuring both in 32 patients over 0-10.9 years (median 3.45). A total of 438 blood specimens for Gal-1-P and 383 urine specimens for galacitol assay were received; 317 pairs of specimens were collected at the same time. Concentrations of both analytes fell rapidly over the first 2-3 months following dietary intervention, to mean (geometric SD) levels of 225 (1.60) mumol/L red cells for Gal-1-P and 388 (1.19) mumol/mmol creatinine for galactitol. Concentrations then fell exponentially over the next 7-8 years, with times to half-disappearance of 6.3 years for Gal-1-P and 6.4 years for galactitol, to levels of 104 (1.58) and 193 (1.36) respectively in patients aged over 10 years. Concentrations of both analytes were independent of the presence of the common Q188R mutation. Mean intra- and inter-individual coefficients of variation (CV) across the range of values studied were 36% and 61% for Gal-1-P, and 37% and 42% for galactitol. Analytical CVs were 3.6% for Gal-1-P and 5.5% for galactitol, indicating that the major source of variability is biological. The correlation coefficient between Gal-1-P and galactitol in paired samples overall was 0.33; the regression equation being [Galactitol] = 0.84[Gal-1-P] + 176. Serial measurements of both Gal-1-P and galactitol may be valuable in monitoring galactosaemia, but high intra-individual biological variability limits their usefulness. Standardization of sample collection times may improve this. Further work is needed to assess the predictive values of both analytes for long-term outcome.
Despite the major physiologic role of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE), few studies have evaluated the ideal conditions for measuring human plasma ACE activity, specifically when using Z-phenylalanine-histidyl-leucine as substrate. This study, performed in volunteer patients, assessed the reproducibility of human plasma ACE activity measured by fluorimetry with Z-phenyl-histidyl-leucine as the substrate. After blood centrifugation, plasma was stored under different conditions until processing. The following sources of variability were evaluated: (1) the interval to centrifugation of blood after collection, (2) the temperature and (3) safe time for storing the plasma after cold centrifugation, (4) the effect of fasting. Plasma ACE activity was 20.6+/-7.7 U/mL, 20.9+/-8 U/mL, and 20.5+/-7.9 U/mL (n = 25) when samples were centrifuged immediately, after 1 hour of blood sampling, and after 3 hours of blood sampling, respectively (not significant). In plasma kept at -20 degrees C, ACE activity was not different after 1 week (17.4+/-4.3 U/mL) nor after 1 month (17.9+/-4 U/mL), whereas baseline ACE was 16.7+/-4.3 U/mL (n = 10). In plasma stored at -80 degrees C, ACE activity was 15.5+/-5.7 U/mL after 1 month (baseline 15+/-5.3 U/mL; not significant; n = 12). No evidence for hydrolysis of the reaction product of ACE (his-leu dipeptide) was observed in plasma samples kept for 1 month at -20 degrees C or at -80 degrees C (by high-performance liquid chromatography analysis). In plasma obtained before breakfast, ACE activity was 12.8+/-7.1 U/mL, and it was 12.3+/-7.5 U/mL 2 hours afterwards (not significant; n = 12). Thus, to determine human plasma ACE activity by fluorimetry with reliability, with Z-phenylalanine-histidyl-leucine used as a substrate, there is a safe interval of at least 3 hours before blood centrifugation at -4 degrees C. Plasma may be kept at -20 degrees C or at -80 degrees C for at least 4 weeks before final processing. Fasting does not influence its enzymatic activity.
The sequences of the hypervariable region 1 (HV1) of the mitochondrial DNA control region from multiple hair shafts from 10 unrelated individuals were compared to determine the frequency of differences in hairs from one individual. The extraction method described herein showed an average success rate of 67% for all 150 hair shafts tested in HV1. The mtDNA sequences from the hair shafts matched the sequences from the corresponding blood and saliva samples taken from the same donor and no evidence of heteroplasmy was found. The results emphasize the reliability of DNA extraction and mtDNA typing from human hair shafts for forensic purposes.
To evaluate the reproducibility in maximum urinary flow rate (Qmax) in men with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTSs) and to determine the number of flows needed to obtain a specified reliability in mean Qmax, 212 patients with LUTSs (mean age, 62 years) referred to the University Hospital Nijmegen, with various degrees of obstruction on pressure-flow studies, used a portable home-based uroflowmeter with 12 disposable beakers. Voided volume and maximum flow rate were recorded continuously during micturition. Flows with voided volumes of at least 100 ml and without possible artifacts were included. All analyses were repeated while excluding flows with voided volumes <150 ml. A coefficient of variation (CV) was calculated for each patient. The CV represents the standard deviation relative to the mean. All individual CVs were subsequently pooled into a population mean CV. This parameter was used to estimate the number of flows required to obtain a mean Qmax with specified reliability for an individual patient. All analyses were repeated, while successively excluding the first, the first two, and the first three flows, to assess a possible learning curve. A total of 1,854 flows was available for analyses, yielding an average of nine flows per patient. Mean Qmax was 13.2 ml/sec; the mean CV was 24%. To allow, for instance, a 10% deviation from the true mean Qmax (e.g., 15 ml/s +/- 1.5 ml/s), approximately 25 flows are necessary. The actual number of flows needed is in fact even higher due to the presence of small and artifactual flows. Using a 150 ml volume cutoff point, somewhat fewer flows are required, but the total number of flows needed (that is, valid, small, and artifactual flows) increases. There was no evidence of a learning curve. The boundaries of a confidence interval around a single Qmax measurement that is likely to contain the true mean Qmax, lie approximately 50% below or above that single Qmax measurement. To reduce this proportion down to 10%, approximately 25 flows are needed. Thus, to obtain reliable mean Qmax values, considerably more flows are required than are normally performed in urologic practice.
BACKGROUND: Previous research has suggested that there may be significant within-subject variability, both site-to-site and over time, in hemoglobin concentrations in capillary blood. OBJECTIVE: This study examined the reliability of the portable hemoglobinometer (PHM) system with use of capillary blood and the implications of errors of the magnitude found for the classification of anemia status in individuals and population groups. The precision and accuracy of the method with use of venous blood were also tested. DESIGN: Three empirical data sets were used to measure reliability, precision, and accuracy of the PHM system [2 from Honduras (n = 87 and 141); 1 from Bangladesh (n = 73)]. Simulation data were used to assess the implications of errors for screening individuals for anemia and to estimate anemia prevalence. RESULTS: High within-subject variability (unreliability) was identified when capillary blood from the left hand was compared with that from the right hand (CV: 6.3%) and when measurements were taken on 4 consecutive days (CV: 7.0%). Reliability was only 69% and 50%, respectively. Precision and accuracy, however, were very high (concordance coefficients of 0.99 and 0.98 and CV < 1%). CONCLUSIONS: The simulation data showed that errors of the magnitude found due to unreliability can lead to misclassification of anemia status in individuals and small biases in anemia prevalence estimates. We recommend replicate sampling to reduce the influence of unreliability in the use of the PHM system with capillary blood. 
The aim of this study was to estimate the long-term (month-to-month) between-dog, within-dog and analytical components of variance for fasting plasma glucose and serum fructosamine in healthy dogs to assess the usefulness of a single measurement of these analytes in a single dog. Fasting plasma glucose and serum fructosamine were measured in blood samples collected every month for 9 months from 23 clinically healthy dogs, and the results were subjected to nested analysis of variance. The between-dog variation, the within-dog variation, and the analytical variation were 3.8%, 9.5% and 3.7%, respectively, for plasma glucose and 4.2%, 11.1% and 2.8%, respectively, for serum fructosamine. The maximum allowable analytical imprecision, analytical inaccuracy and difference between analytical methods were 4.8%, 2.6% and 3.2%, respectively, for plasma glucose and 5.6%, 3.0% and 3.7%, respectively, for serum fructosamine. The index of individuality, 2.7 for both analytes, indicated that the test results from single dogs can be compared usefully to the corresponding population-based reference intervals. The number of samples required to estimate the true individual mean value +/-5% for a single dog was 16 for fasting plasma glucose and 20 for serum fructosamine. The one- and two-sided critical differences expressing the difference needed for two serial results from the same dog to be significantly different at a 5% level was 24% and 28%, respectively, for plasma glucose and 27% and 32%, respectively, for serum fructosamine.
In recent years, large discrepancies were described in the success rate of the tyrosinase reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) for detecting melanoma cells in the peripheral blood of melanoma patients. We present a quality control study in which we analysed the reproducibility of detection of tyrosinase and MART-1 transcripts in 106 blood samples from 68 melanoma patients (mainly stages III and IV). With this study, we aimed to improve insight in the reproducibility of a RT-PCR for the detection of (minimal) amounts of circulating melanoma cells. We performed two reverse transcriptions on each mRNA sample and performed tyrosinase and MART-1 nested PCRs in duplicate per cDNA sample. Thus, four tyrosinase and four MART-1 measurements were performed per blood sample. In our study, the majority of blood samples was negative for tyrosinase (80%) or MART-1 (66%). Only four samples were positive in all four determinations for tyrosinase and seven for MART-1. Variable results (1-3 times positive results) were obtained for tyrosinase and MART-1 in 16% and 27% respectively. MART-1 PCR had a better performance than tyrosinase PCR. Sensitivity increased when both markers were used. We reasoned that the low number of melanoma marker PCR-positive blood samples can be explained by differences in mRNA quality. By using real-time quantitative PCR, we found that this was not the case: amplification of porphobilinogen deaminase (PBGD), a low copy household gene, was not different in blood samples in which a melanoma marker was not detected from groups in which this marker was detected more or less consistently (1-4 times). When applying real-time quantitative PCR for tyrosinase and MART-1, we found that a low amount of SK-MEL-28 cell equivalents was present in the blood of melanoma patients, with a higher number of equivalents in the group with a consistently positive result. We conclude that low reproducibility of a repeated assay for the detection of circulating melanoma cells is not caused by differences in mRNA quality between the samples, but due to low numbers of amplifiable target mRNA molecules in the mRNA sample. Use of more than one marker and repetition of the assay will increase the probability of finding positive PCR results.
OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to examine the variability in cytokines and cytokine receptors in patients with heart failure in comparison with a group of healthy control subjects who were free of cardiovascular disease. BACKGROUND: Despite increasing interest in cytokines as mediators of disease progression in heart failure and the recent interest in suppressing cytokines in clinical studies, the extent of variability in cytokines and cytokine receptors is largely unknown. This information is important for interpreting the results of studies in which changes in cytokine levels are measured in response to a specific form of therapy. METHODS: Circulating levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), and soluble TNF receptors (types 1 and 2), as well as interleukin (IL)-6 and IL-6 receptor were measured on a daily, weekly and monthly basis in heart failure patients (New York Heart Association class IIIa and IIIb; n = 10) and healthy volunteer subjects (n = 10). Measurements of cytokines and cytokine receptors were performed on plasma samples by enzyme-linked immunoassay. The daily, weekly and monthly degree of variability in cytokine and cytokine receptor levels was assessed by determining the coefficient of variation each point in time. RESULTS: The coefficient of variation for TNF-alpha and IL-6 levels increased over time in patients with heart failure; moreover, the coefficient of variation in heart failure subjects was significantly greater for IL-6 than for TNF-alpha. The coefficient of variation in cytokine receptor levels was minimal, and did not differ significantly between heart failure and control subjects. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with heart failure the degree of natural variability in circulating cytokine levels increases with time, and is greater for IL-6 than for TNF-alpha. Accordingly, the results of the present study suggest that the sample size needed to show a statistically significant change in the circulating level of a given cytokine will vary depending on the specific cytokine that is being measured, as well as the time period over which that cytokine is being assayed. 
Elucidation of local immune response at the cervix is important for understanding and evaluating STD vaccine approaches currently being proposed. However, no well-validated method exists for the collection of cervical secretions for evaluation of cervical immune response. The purpose of this study was to determine the reproducibility of the Weck-cel sponge used to collect cervical secretions for immunological assessment. Additionally, it was possible to examine correlates of immunity as part of our investigation. Two cervical secretion specimens were collected sequentially from each of 120 women using Weck-cel sponges. Cervical secretions were collected prior to Pap smear sampling to avoid blood contamination. At the laboratory, the duplicate specimens were weighed and tested in replicate wells to determine the concentration of two cytokines (IL-10 and IL-12) and two immunoglobulin isotypes (IgG and IgA). IL-12, total IgG, and total IgA showed a strong correlation between samples from the same woman ranging from 0.78 to 0.84. Kappa coefficients obtained after categorizing assay results ranged from 0.62 to 0.67. Variance components analysis suggested that 69% to 85% of the variance observed was accounted for by between-women variance, with the remaining variability attributed to variation between samples collected from the same woman. IL-10 results were less reproducible than those obtained from the other assays examined, suggesting problems with the assay used to measure this cytokine rather than with the Weck-cel sampling instrument. Various factors were found to significantly correlate with cytokine and immunoglobulin measures at the cervix. Age and reproductive status were associated with all four immune measures; women over 50 years of age and those who were postmenopausal had increased concentrations of IL-10, IL-12, IgG, and IgA. Hemoglobin concentrations were positively correlated with IgG and IL-10 concentrations, but not with IgA or IL-12 concentrations, suggesting local production of IgA and IL-12. The concentration of all immune measures decreased with increasing volume of collection. No significant association was observed between time from collection to freezing of specimens and concentrations of cytokines or immunoglobulins. Overall, our data suggest that measurement of immunological parameters in cervical secretions collected using Weck-cel sponges are reproducible. In addition, various correlates of cytokine and immunoglobulin concentrations were identified.
We determined the intra-individual biological variability of plasma homocysteine in 20 healthy subjects. The intra-individual coefficient of variation was relatively low (8.3%), indicating that a single measurement can be used to characterize the average homocysteine concentration. A population study measuring plasma homocysteine and serum folate levels was conducted on serum samples collected from 1109 randomly selected, fasting adults with a wide age range. We determined age- and gender-specific central 0.95 intervals and found that subjects in the highest quartile of serum folate had significantly lower (P = 0.0001) mean plasma homocysteine concentrations than did those in the lowest quartile of folate values. An 'ideal' homocysteine reference range, based on targeting those subjects who are likely to be folate replete, is preferable to the population-based range using the central 0.95 interval.
OBJECTIVES: To quantify and identify sources of within- and between-subject variability of microalbumin, N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase (NAG) and alanine aminopeptidase (AAP), three biomarkers used for early detection of renal injury, and to assess the consequences of this variability for the design and power of epidemiological studies. METHODS: Urinary excretion of microalbumin, NAG, AAP and creatinine as well as blood pressure (BP) were measured three times over a 2-year period among 142 healthy male workers. To minimise physiopathological and analytical sources of variation, standardised methods were used for urine collection and assays, and severe exclusion criteria were applied. At the first and third examinations, subjects completed the same questionnaire, providing information about their personal characteristics, tobacco and alcohol consumption, and health. A linear mixed model was used to estimate the within- and between-subject variance components and to analyse the relation between subjects' characteristics and the biomarkers. RESULTS: No change in the mean value of any of the biomarkers was observed over the 2-year period. Intra-class correlation coefficients between repeated measurements were 0.53, 0.57 and 0.56 for microalbumin, NAG and AAP, respectively; the between-subject variance was slightly higher than the within-subject variance. Subjects' age, BP, body mass index and smoking and drinking habits explained 7.2%, 12.5% and 4.2% of the total variance of microalbumin, NAG and AAP, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In this healthy population of male workers, day-to-day differences in biomarker values appeared to be nearly as great as differences between subjects. The within-subject variance of these biomarkers is not high enough to justify systematic repeated measurements in epidemiological surveys. But, in some situations where the number of subjects is limited, measuring the subjects twice may improve study power by reducing the total variance by about 25% for each biomarker. Taking the above covariates into account would slightly improve study power and the accuracy of parameter estimates for NAG, but would add little to the analysis of microalbumin and AAP. 
We determined the allelic (X+/X-, M+/M-, and E+/E-) distribution frequencies of the XbaI, MspI, and EcoRI restriction fragment length polymorphisms (RFLPs) in the apolipoprotein B gene in a control group of 374 healthy Chinese, Malays, and Indians and in a hyperlipidemic cohort of 131 Chinese patients. Covariability between the RFLPs and serum lipid, lipoprotein, and apolipoprotein concentrations was also studied. We found a lower frequency (average 0.0829) of the X+ allele and higher frequencies of the E+ (average 0.9452) and M+ (average 0.9772) alleles in our study population compared with frequencies reported in other populations. The 3 polymorphic sites did not contribute to significant variations in lipid levels (p > 0.1 in all cases). Also, there was no significant variation in genotype frequencies between the control subjects and the hyperlipidemic subjects. Despite their relative close proximity within the APOB gene sequence, the 3 polymorphic sites did not show any significant linkage disequilibrium. However, the presence of the X+ cutting site was in linkage disequilibrium with the Del allele of the 5' insertion-deletion polymorphism and the E-allele was in linkage disequilibrium with the 3' VNTR located near the 3' end of the coding region of the APOB gene.
OBJECTIVES: Examine the reproducibility of plasma lipid and lipoprotein measurements in the HERITAGE Family Study. DESIGN AND METHODS: In a sample of 379 subjects (191 men and 188 women), reproducibility was determined for lipids, lipoproteins (done on two occasions) and post-heparin lipase assays using an Intracenter Quality Control study by generating split samples from an additional 60 subjects (35 men and 25 women), which were assayed in a blind fashion by the lipid core laboratory. Reproducibility was estimated using intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) for the selected variables. Analytical error (ANER) and coefficient of variation (CV) were also calculated. Day-to-day variation for 10 variables including plasma cholesterol and triglycerides (TG), HDL-cholesterol and its subfractions HDL2-cholesterol and HDL3-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and VLDL-cholesterol, as well as apoprotein (apo) A-I, apo B, and LDL-apo B were assessed. RESULTS: In the HERITAGE study, all lipid and lipoprotein variables had ICC above 0.79. Plasma VLDL-cholesterol (31 %) and TG (23%) levels, which are well known to be highly variable from one day to another, had CVs greater than 20%. Other variables had CVs lower than 10% except for HDL2-cholesterol which reached 16%. In the intracenter reliability sub-study, the measurement errors were found to be low except for HDL2-cholesterol. For the lipases, the reproducibility of repeated samples was very high, with ICC over 0.95. The within-assay CV corresponded to 2.1 and 5.3% for hepatic lipase (HL) and lipoprotein lipase (LPL), respectively, whereas the between-assay CV reached 8-12% for HL and about 15% for LPL. Due to the complexity of these two assays, the results are considered to be quite satisfactory. CONCLUSIONS: The reproducibility of plasma lipid and lipoprotein measurements, as well as of post-heparin lipase activities, is good in the multicenter HERITAGE Family Study. In addition, the well-documented gender difference in the plasma lipoprotein profile was confirmed in the present study, women having lower fasting triglyceride and LDL-cholesterol levels than men as well as reduced cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol and increased HDL2-cholesterol/ HDL3-cholesterol ratios compared to men. Results of the present study support the notion that the higher LPL and low HL activities found in women compared to men are important factors contributing to explain gender difference in the lipoprotein profile. However, additional factors not examined in the present study are involved beyond the contribution of post-heparin lipase to the sex dimorphism in plasma lipoprotein levels. 
The reproducibility of RIAs of circulating sex hormones has been evaluated as part of recent epidemiological investigations, but none seem to have addressed the reproducibility or validity of RIAs for urinary hormones or their metabolites. As part of a case-control study of breast cancer in Asian-American women, 12-h overnight urine samples were obtained, and a methodological study was conducted to identify laboratories capable of assaying urinary hormones. For the reproducibility component of this study, two laboratories with extensive experience in hormone assays measured urinary estrone, estradiol, estriol, pregnanediol glucuronide, and estrone glucuronide using samples from 15 women (5 midfollicular, 5 midluteal, and 5 postmenopausal). Variance estimates from these measurements were used to calculate the laboratory variability (coefficient of variation) and to assess the magnitude of the biological variability among the women in relation to the total variability (intraclass correlation coefficient). For the validity component, urinary estrone, estradiol, and estriol levels were measured in the same samples by gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy in the laboratory of Dr. Herman Adlercreutz (University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland). We found that the degree of assay reproducibility differed between the laboratories, but that laboratory variability was usually low compared with the range of hormone values among women, particularly for the estrogens. Values for estrone and estradiol were well correlated among all of the laboratories. For estriol, the RIAs tended to overestimate levels compared with gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy. In one laboratory, assays for pregnanediol glucuronide and estrone glucuronide were consistently reproduced; in the other, the reproducibility of the RIA for pregnanediol glucuronide was problematic, and estrone glucuronide was not measured. Despite some limitations, urinary hormones and their metabolites can be reliably measured by current RIAs in large investigations attempting to link hormone level to disease risk and may be particularly advantageous for studies of postmenopausal women, where serum concentrations of estrone and estradiol are low and assay measurements are not as dependable.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the test-retest reliability of the cough stress test in women who present with complaints of urinary incontinence. METHODS: This prospective observational study involved 50 women between the ages of 28 and 78 years with primary complaints of urinary incontinence. All subjects underwent a pelvic examination, cystometrogram, and a cough stress test. The cough stress test was performed in the standing position at a bladder volume of 300 mL or at maximum cystometric capacity if it was less than 300 mL. The results of the cough stress test were recorded as positive if urine loss occurred with a cough or as negative if no urine loss was seen and the bladder volume was recorded. The women returned in 1-4 weeks for a second cough stress test performed at the same bladder volume as at the initial examination. RESULTS: Of the 50 women studied, 45 (90%) had similar results with both cough stress tests. Thirty-five had a positive cough stress test on the initial examination, and 32 of these patients (91%) also had a positive cough stress test at a repeat visit. Fifteen patients had a negative initial cough stress test, and 13 of these 15 (87%) had a negative cough stress test on repeat examination. All 20 patients diagnosed as having pure genuine stress incontinence had a positive cough stress test on initial and repeat examinations. Of the 15 patients diagnosed with detrusor instability or sensory urge incontinence, 13 (86%) had negative cough stress tests on initial and repeat examinations. Of the 15 patients diagnosed with mixed incontinence, 12 (80%) had positive cough stress tests on initial and repeat examinations. CONCLUSION: The cough stress test appears to be a reliable test. The reliability is more consistent in women with a diagnosis of pure genuine stress incontinence. 
OBJECTIVE: The reliability of using 2 probes with laser Doppler signals when adjacent teeth are being measured simultaneously to determine pulpal blood flow is unknown. The purpose of this study was to determine whether 2 probes are more reliable than 1 in a single-tool assessment. STUDY DESIGN: Tooth pulp vitality was studied in 19 adults through use of laser Doppler flowmetry tests. In each subject, testing was carried out on 2 successive occasions with 2 probes positioned on the maxillary central incisors. RESULTS: Significant mean differences of 31% for blood flux and 96% for concentration were found between the 2 probes, although they shared equal coefficients of variation. The reproducibility for each probe was found to be consistent, and the probes were highly correlated with each other. Flux and concentration, however, were not systematically correlated. CONCLUSIONS: Simultaneous measurements with 2 probes were clearly more reliable. The necessity for a calibration control was evident. 
To examine the association between lead exposure and both individual and geographic area indicators of socioeconomic position, the authors measured tibia lead concentration, a biomarker of cumulative lead exposure, using K x-ray fluorescence in a cross-sectional survey of 538 white males aged 50-92 years who were healthy when enrolled in the Normative Aging Study (Boston, Massachusetts) in the 1960s. Data on individual risk factors, education, occupation, and income were collected by questionnaire. Using subjects' residential addresses at the time of the tibia lead measurements, the authors obtained geographic area-specific measures of education, social class, and poverty by linking records to 1990 US Census block group data. In multivariate linear regression analysis controlling for age and cumulative smoking, tibia lead concentrations were 10.39 microg/g (95% confidence interval (CI) 7.80-12.97) higher in men who did not graduate from high school than in men with > or =4 years of college. Among the former men (non-high school graduates), living in an undereducated area was associated with a 9.28 microg/g (95% CI 1.59-16.97) increase in tibia lead level compared with living in a non-undereducated area; among the latter men (college graduates), no difference existed by residential area education (beta = 0.72, 95% CI -5.35 to 6.78). The authors conclude that the influence of individual socioeconomic position on cumulative lead exposure is modified by geographic area conditions.
It has been shown that rapid opioid detoxification is associated with increased sympathetic activity (SYMP) and plasma catecholamines. Heart rate (HR) variability may provide a noninvasive method of evaluating withdrawal and sympathetic activation caused by the reversal of opioid binding in patients who are opioid dependent. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the relationship between HR variability and plasma catecholamines during opioid detoxification. Patients were anesthetized with propofol, intubated, paralyzed with rocuronium infusion, and ventilated. The bispectral index (BIS) of the electroencephalogram was recorded with the patient awake as well as during propofol anesthesia. SYMP was determined by power spectral analysis of HR variability. Plasma epinephrine and norepinephrine were measured at baseline propofol anesthesia and during naltrexone treatment in eight opioid-dependent patients. Nonopioid-dependent controls (n = 7) were monitored during surgery without naltrexone treatment or measurement of plasma catecholamines. Compared with an awake status, propofol anesthesia significantly decreased the BIS and SYMP in both groups of patients. Controls showed no change from baseline anesthetized levels during surgery. Plasma norepinephrine and epinephrine as well as SYMP increased 300 to 400% (P < .05) during naltrexone treatment in opioid-dependent patients, and the time to peak increase in plasma norepinephrine correlated with the increase in SYMP (r = 0.89, P < .01). These results confirm that opioid detoxification increases plasma catecholamines and SYMP in a similar manner. HR rate variability may provide a low-cost real-time noninvasive method of evaluating the reversal of opioid binding in opioid-dependent patients.
PURPOSE: To analyze intraindividual variations of total and percent free serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA) in patients with normal digital rectal examination. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Total and free serum PSA were determined in two blood samples corresponding to 107 nonconsecutive patients. The period between both determinations ranged from 23 to 60 days. Prostatic biopsy was done after both determinations in all except 17 patients because the two serum PSA concentrations were <4 ng/ml. Total and free PSA were determined using double monoclonal antibody immunoassay Tandem and Tandem free (Hybritech Inc.). The diagnosis was benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) in 63 patients and prostate cancer (PCA) in 44. RESULTS: The variations of PSA ranged between -6.8 and +3.2 ng/ml in BPH patients and between -2.8 and +9.0 in patients with PCA. The median coefficients of variation were 15.4 and 15.7% respectively. The variations in the percent free PSA were between -30.7 and +40.9 in the BPH group and between -17.9 and +15.8 in the PCA group. The median coefficients of variation were 32.2 and 32.3% respectively. If prostatic biopsy had been indicated when percent free PSA had been </=25 in the PSA range of 4.1-10 ng/ml, we would have found discrepancies in 15% of all the patients. The sensitivity for the first determination would have been 100 and 94.4% for the second. The rate of negative biopsies would have been reduced by 16.6 and 19. 4% respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Intraindividual variations in serum PSA concentration and percent free PSA could have clinical implications in the decision to perform prostatic biopsy. 
Decreased 24-h heart rate variability (HRV) is associated with increased coronary mortality. The objective of this study was to examine the relation between plasma lipids and HRV (1) in men with a previous myocardial infarction (MI) and left ventricular dysfunction and (2) in healthy men. Forty seven men (mean age 63 years) with a previous MI and a left ventricular ejection fraction < or = 0.40 and 38 healthy men (mean age 37 years) were included. A 24-h Holter recording and fasting blood samples were performed in all the subjects. Plasma total-cholesterol and low-density-lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol were inversely correlated with 24-h HRV in both groups. Plasma cholesterol remained significantly inversely correlated to the 24-h HRV in a stepwise multiple regression analysis. The men were dichotomized according to the mean plasma cholesterol in the study population which was 6.2 mmol/l in patients with a previous M1, and 5.2 mmol/l in the group of healthy men. In both groups, men with plasma cholesterol levels above the mean had the lowest HRV. In conclusion, the data suggest, that hypercholesterolaemia is associated with a decreased 24-h HRV in men with and without ischaemic heart disease, suggesting an increased risk of sudden cardiac death.
To assess the variability of plasma homocysteine levels, fasting and post-methionine homocysteine levels were measured twice, at baseline and after follow-up of 1-4 months, in 16 individuals with normal and 26 with elevated homocysteine levels after methionine loading. The intra-individual coefficients of variation varied from 15 to 23% for fasting and post-methionine homocysteine levels, whether these levels were within the normal range or not. As a result, test-retest agreement was poor when subjects were dichotomized as having 'normal' or 'abnormal' homocysteine levels (itself a questionable concept). There was a relation between the average post-methionine homocysteine levels (at the first and second measurement) and the difference between both measurements (r = 0.37, P = 0.016). In normohomocysteinaemic individuals, delta (i.e., the difference between baseline and follow-up) fasting homocysteine and delta post-methionine homocysteine were correlated negatively with delta folate serum levels: r = -0.64, P = 0.007 and r = -0.50, P = 0.05, respectively. Individuals homozygous for the 677 C-->T mutation in the 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene showed a greater variation of fasting homocysteine levels than those homozygous for the wild type (P = 0.017). In summary, we suggest that there is a substantial intra-individual variability in plasma homocysteine levels over time and that this variability is significantly related to the variability in serum folate levels, especially in normohomocysteinaemic individuals.
Chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in humans is treated at present with interferon (IFN)-alpha. Because the proportion of patients responding to therapy with sustained or even just with transient elimination of viral RNA is low, several potential prognostic parameters have been evaluated to predict the outcome of the therapy. The present study aimed to prove the validity of a predictive parameter described previously for initial virological response, namely the ratio of serum gamma-glutamyltransferase/alanine transaminase (gamma-GT/ALT) activity in connection with virus genotypes 1a, 1b, and 3a, prospectively and to compare the predictive value of these combined parameters with amino acid variability within the interferon sensitivity determining region (ISDR). The prospective analysis confirmed previous data on the predictive value of the serum gamma-GT/ALT ratio. Concerning ISDR variability, the majority of ISDR sequences obtained from the mostly nonresponding type 1b-infected individuals (23/28) resembled nonmutant types (27/ 28). Isolates from type 3a-infected patients responding to therapy in the majority of cases (13/ 20) exclusively resembled nonmutant types when compared with databank type 3a sequences, but were mutant when compared with the prototype sequence HCV-J. However, the initial virological responsiveness among both type 1b- and type 3a-infected patients did not correlate to ISDR variability. In contrast, virological responsiveness was closely related to serum gamma-GT/ALT ratio. The data are not necessarily contrary to the concept that the number of amino acid exchanges within the ISDR compared with the prototype HCV-J sequence is related to some extent to IFN-alpha sensitivity. The ratio of serum gamma-GT/ALT in combination with HCV genotype, however, was found to be a more reliable and stringent predictive parameter.
The aim of the study was to evaluate intra-individual variability in metabolic ratios (MRs) of dextromethorphan (DM) in healthy volunteers and to compare the MRs in urine collected 0-4, 0-8 and 0-24 h post-dose. Urinary molar ratios of DM to dextrorphan (MR1) and of DM to methoxymorphinan (MR2) were obtained after a single oral 27.5 mg dose of DM hydrobromide to ten healthy male and four female Caucasians (ten extensive metabolizers (EM) and four poor metabolizers (PM) of DM) to probe activities of CYP2D6 and CYP3A, respectively. Seven EM and one PM received DM on three additional occasions within 2 months. For the seven EM, the intra-individual variability (CVw) in the MRs obtained in the three urine collections ranged from 11 to 93% (MR1) and from 8 to 77% (MR2). The mean CVw estimated separately for the 4, 8 and 24 h urines by two-way analysis of variance reached 58, 57 and 44% for the MR1 and 50, 42 and 31% for the MR2, respectively. For all 14 subjects, the log-transformed ratios (MR1) obtained in the 24 h urines were highly correlated with those in either the 8 h (rs = 0.967, P < 0.0001) or 4 h urines (rs = 0.946, P < 0.0001). Correlation between the log-transformed MR2s were weaker (24 h vs. 8 h: rs = 0.829, P < 0.0001, 24 h vs. 4 h: rs = 0.831, P < 0.0001). The MR1s in 4 h and 8 h urines were only 2 and 9% less than those in 24 h urines (median differences) and varied from 48 and 47% below to 85 and 55% above (95% -CI for the differences). However, the MR2s in the 4 h and 8 h urines were shifted towards higher values by 49 and 23% and the corresponding 95% -CI limits were: 16-164% (4 h vs. 24 h) and 30-119% (8 h vs. 24 h). In conclusion, MR1 values in the 4 h urine collection agree well with those in longer collections and their use in epidemiological studies can be recommended. The intra-individual variability of approximately 50% in the MR1 has to be taken into account in clinical studies with within-subject design. Accurate determination of the MR2 requires at least a 24 h period of urine collection.
We have examined the influence of plasma protein binding on inter-individual and intra-individual variability in the effective postoperative analgesic concentration (EAC) of alfentanil and on the performance of the target-controlled infusion system used. Ten patients received standardized anaesthesia and target-controlled alfentanil for postoperative analgesia. Analgesia was assessed using a visual analogue scale (VAS). Plasma protein binding of alfentanil was assessed at four different times (on arrival in the recovery room, at 21:00 on the day of surgery and at 09:00 and 21:00 on the first postoperative day). Bias and inaccuracy were examined on the day of surgery and on the first postoperative day. Unbound fractions of alfentanil varied from 5 to 15% and varied in time. In general, the unbound fractions on the day of surgery were higher than those on the first postoperative day. Thirty-nine percent of inter-individual variability in the EAC of alfentanil (range 33-140 ng ml-1) at the onset of therapy could be explained by protein binding. At the other observation times, correlations between unbound fraction and EAC were only moderate. Bias on the day of surgery was -19% and 12% on the first postoperative day (ns). Inaccuracy was 23% and 18%, respectively (ns). We conclude that inter-individual variations in plasma protein binding can explain a significant portion of inter-individual variability in the EAC of alfentanil in the early postoperative phase.
BACKGROUND: Dietary intake of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) may protect against sudden cardiac death, an event that may be predicted by measurement of heart rate variability (HRV). OBJECTIVE: The objectives of this study were to 1) examine the correlations between the content of fatty acids in blood cell membranes (platelets and granulocytes) and HRV in healthy subjects, and 2) assess the effect on HRV of dietary intervention with n-3 PUFA in different doses. DESIGN: Sixty healthy volunteers (25 women and 35 men) were randomly assigned to 3 treatment groups in a double-blind design. Subjects received a daily supplement of either 6.6 g n-3 PUFA, 2.0 g n-3 PUFA, or placebo (olive oil). A 24-h Holter recording was obtained for each subject before supplementation and after 12 wk of supplementation; the 24-h HRV was then related to the content of fatty acids in granulocytes and platelets. RESULTS: Before supplementation, positive correlations were observed in men between the content of docosahexaenoic acid in cell membranes and HRV indexes (r = 0.50, P < 0.01), whereas such correlations were not found in women. Dietary intervention revealed a dose-dependent effect of n-3 PUFA on HRV in men, whereas no effect was found in women. CONCLUSION: The study showed a beneficial effect of n-3 PUFA on HRV in healthy men, suggesting an antiarrhythmic effect of n-3 PUFA. No such effect was observed in healthy women. 
BACKGROUND: Frequently, the result of only a single determination of total homocysteine in plasma (P-Hcy) is used to distinguish between the probability of the presence or absence of risk for vascular disease. A prerequisite for the interpretation of a single P-Hcy test is knowledge of the magnitude of within-person variation and the possible effects of preanalytical variables. However, data on within-person variation are still sparse and inconsistent, and data for the effect on P-Hcy of posture and tourniquet application during venipuncture are not available. METHODS: The within-person variation of P-Hcy and the effects of posture and tourniquet application during venipuncture were studied in 24 healthy subjects. The analytical imprecision of our stable-isotope dilution assay was 3.1%. RESULTS: The within-person variation (CV) was 8.1%. Daily supplementation with 0.4 mg of folic acid for 2 weeks produced a small but significant decrease in P-Hcy, but there were no significant changes in within-person variation before and after supplementation. After 30 min in the horizontal posture, P-Hcy declined by 6.3%. A 3-min tourniquet application caused a 2.8% increase of P-Hcy. CONCLUSIONS: Our value for within-person variation is consistent with results from studies reported recently in the literature. A 3-min tourniquet application does not add appreciable variation to the measurement of P-Hcy, but the posture of the subject during venipuncture contributes considerably to the within-person variation. We recommend that blood collection when the patient is in a supine position be avoided. 
This study, conducted in the Netherlands in 1994-1996, assessed the reproducibility, validity, and responsiveness of a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) used with older subjects with type 2 diabetes. During a period of 6 months, 93 subjects had a stable protein intake according to their urinary urea excretion (UUE). An FFQ was completed before and after this period. Reproducibility was evaluated on the basis of the correlation (0.80) between duplicate FFQ estimates of protein intake. At the group level, the smallest detectable difference was 3 g. For 354 subjects, average protein intake according to the FFQ was similar to that from UUE estimates. Validity was evaluated on the basis of the crude and deattenuated correlations, which were 0.31 and 0.39, respectively. The crude correlation was highest for former smokers (r = 0.39) and for patients with a higher body mass index (r = 0.37), and it was very low for current smokers (r = 0.14, p > 0.20). The correlation did not vary with age or gender. Responsiveness was judged on the crude correlation between changes in intake according to the FFQ and UUE; the correlation was 0.22 (n = 134). The responsiveness ratio was 0.73. The authors concluded that FFQ estimates are well reproducible. At the group level, protein intake was estimated correctly, whereas individual protein intake and changes in intake were reflected to a moderate extent only.
OBJECTIVES: To assess the specific contributions of assay variation and biological variation to the total variation of plasma HIV-1 RNA measured by the Roche Monitor assay and the extent to which batch assays reduced both assay variability and total variability compared with real-time determinations. DESIGN: A retrospective analysis of data obtained from three trials conducted by the Adult and Pediatric AIDS Clinical Trials Groups (ATCG), the Women and Infants Transmission Study (WITS) and the NIAID-sponsored Virology Quality Assurance Program. METHODS: Within-subject variation was assessed from stored, serially collected plasma samples from 663 subjects enrolled in the ACTG and WITS studies. Interassay and intra-assay variation were estimated from two of the clinical trials and 22 laboratories that participated in a quality assurance program and were used to estimate the effect of real-time testing on total variation. RESULTS: The total variation (standard deviation) from a random effects model was 0.26 log10 RNA copies/ml. The estimated interassay variation was 0.08 log10 and intra-assay variation was 0.12 log10 RNA copies/ml. Biological variation accounted for 56-80% of total variation. The effect of real-time testing compared with batch testing was minimal. CONCLUSION: Our estimates of total within-subject HIV-1 RNA variation support the current recommendation to obtain at least two specimens, preferably obtained less than 2 weeks apart, for viral RNA measurement before starting therapy. The major contribution of biological variation to the total variation supports the use of real-time HIV-1 RNA assays, provided that consistent specimen collection procedures are followed and acceptable assay proficiency is maintained. 
BACKGROUND: Selective lymphadenectomy, based on prior lymphatic mapping and sentinel node identification and excision, is now the standard management for intermediate-thickness melanomas in many cancer centers worldwide. At our center 99m-labeled technetium human serum albumin (HSA) scans are performed before the day of surgery in some patients with truncal lesions to detect multiple sites of lymphatic drainage. 99mTc sulfur colloid (SC) is then injected before the operation to delineate the sentinel node(s) for gamma-probe-guided excision. Our purpose was to retrospectively evaluate whether comparable diagnostic information resulted from lymphoscintigraphy performed with these 2 different agents. METHODS: All patients with melanoma who had dual sequential 99mTc HSA and 99mTc SC studies between January 1, 1996, and December 31, 1997, were reviewed. RESULTS: Thirty-eight patients underwent paired HSA and SC imaging. Thirty-two patients had concordant scan findings. In all 6 discordant studies, 2 separate drainage areas were defined by HSA, but only 1 drainage area was defined by SC. CONCLUSIONS: In 15.8% of dual studies (6/38 studies), discordant imaging results were obtained between HSA and SC. SC studies alone may result in nonvisualization of at-risk draining lymph node beds and hence failure to identify and excise all sentinel nodes. This could result in inaccurate staging, inappropriate therapy, and altered prognosis. A reduction in SC dose from 3 to 1 mCi was probably the most significant causal factor leading to these discrepancies, which suggests that the 3-mCi dose is preferable. 
The effects of power-frequency magnetic fields on heart rate and heart rate variability (HRV) were studied in groups of adult volunteers. Exposure consisted of 28 microT (280 mG) at 50 Hz (circularly polarized) for 100 or 150 seconds either following or prior to a similar period of sham-exposure. A small but significant slowing of heart rate of the order of 2% was observed in two separate studies in which the fields were generated by continuous sinusoidal currents. Magnetic fields generated by square-wave currents or by currents turned alternatively on and off at 15 second intervals during the exposure period produced inconsistent effects on heart rate. Analysis of the HRV spectra in relation to continuous sinusoidal exposure showed a consistent reduction in the ratio of power in the Low Band (0.02-0.15 Hz) to the High Band (0.16-1.0 Hz). This reduction in ratio was significant for experiments in which respiration was controlled at 0.2 Hz (12 breaths/minute) where the order was actual exposure followed by sham exposure (On-->Off). The spectral power in the Low Band was significantly reduced for both orders, but the High Band power was significantly raised only for the On-->Off order. Although there are some inconsistencies, these data indicate that short exposures to magnetic fields at occupational levels may influence heart rate control mechanisms.
In functional magnetic resonance imaging studies changes in blood oxygenation level-dependent (BOLD) signal intensities during task activation are related to multiple physiological parameters such as cerebral blood flow, volume, and oxidative metabolism, as well as to the regional microvascular anatomy. Consequently, the magnitude of activation-induced BOLD signal changes may vary regionally and between subjects. The aim of this study was to use a uniform global stimulus such as hypercapnia to quantitatively investigate the regional BOLD response in the human brain. In 10 healthy volunteers, T2*-weighted gradient echo images were acquired for a total dynamic scanning time of 9 min during alternating periods of breath holding for 30 s after expiration and self-paced normal breathing for 60 s. Hypercapnia-induced BOLD signal changes in the sensorimotor cortex, frontal cortex, basal ganglia, visual cortex, and cerebellum were significantly different (P < 0.001) and varied from 1.8 to 5.1%. The highest BOLD signal changes were found in the cerebellum and visual cortex, whereas the lowest BOLD signal increase was observed in the frontal cortex. These results demonstrate a regional dependence of the BOLD signal changes during breath hold-induced hypercapnia, indirectly supporting the notion of regional different sensitivities of BOLD responses to task activation.
The purpose of this study was to examine the intra-tester and inter-tester reliability of strain gauge plethysmography (SGP) using the Hokanson EC-5R plethysmograph among three investigators. An arterial inflow test was performed by each of the investigators on fifteen college-aged volunteers at the forearm and calf sites. Intra-tester reliability was assessed by analyzing three serial measurements obtained at both sites. Intertester reliability was assessed in two ways: first, by having the three investigators obtain and analyze their own recordings, and, second, by having all three investigators (Testers 1, 2, and 3) analyze SGP recordings obtained by the most experienced investigator (Tester 1). The mean coefficient of variation (CV) for the intra-tester analysis was similar at the forearm (4.9%) and calf (4.0%) sites. The inter-tester analysis revealed that there were no significant differences among the three testers at either site when investigators obtained and analyzed their own waveforms. The CV calculated from the means of the three investigators was greater at the forearm site (10.7%) than at the calf site (2.5%). Similarly, when Testers 2 and 3 analyzed Tester 1's waveforms there were no significant differences found among testers at either site and the CV was less than when each investigator obtained his/her own waveforms. Strain gauge plethysmography blood flow measures obtained by experienced testers, under controlled laboratory conditions, are reproducible. The small variability in blood flow that exists is more attributable to variability in the acquisition of the waveforms than in the analysis of the waveforms.
Although endogenous sex steroid hormones in premenopausal women may be associated with the risk of breast cancer and other illnesses, direct evidence to support this hypothesis is limited in large part by methodological issues in the conduct of relevant studies. One major unresolved issue is whether a single blood sample (such as is available in most epidemiological studies), collected in a specific phase of the menstrual cycle, reflects long-term levels in that phase. To address this issue, two sets of blood and urine samples were obtained from 87 premenopausal women over a 1-year period in both the follicular and luteal phases. Plasma estradiol, estrone, and estrone sulfate were measured in the blood samples obtained in both phases, whereas progesterone and urinary 2- and 16a-hydroxyestrone were measured in luteal-phase samples only. For all of the women combined, intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) ranged, with one exception, from 0.52 to 0.71 for the plasma estrogens and the urinary estrogen metabolites. The sole exception was for estradiol in the luteal phase (ICC = 0.19); inclusion of only women who were ovulatory in both cycles and who collected each sample 4-10 days before their next period resulted in a substantially higher ICC for estradiol in the luteal phase (ICC = 0.62; 95% confidence interval, 0.43-0.78). These data indicate that, for several plasma and urinary sex hormones, a single follicular- or luteal-phase measurement in premenopausal women is reasonably representative of hormone levels in that phase for at least a 1-year period.
BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to determine the time course and reproducibility of urinary excretion profiles of ethanol, methanol, and ratio of serotonin metabolites, 5-hydroxytryptophol (5HTOL) to 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5HIAA), under strictly controlled conditions. METHODS: Nine healthy volunteers (6 women and 3 men) received 0.40 g of ethanol/kg of body weight on two occasions by constant rate intravenous infusion 30 min. Urine was voided before administration of ethanol and thereafter every 60 min for a total of 8 hr. Concentrations of ethanol and methanol in urine were determined by headspace gas chromatography, and the serotonin metabolites 5HTOL and 5HIAA were measured by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and high-performance liquid chromatography, respectively. RESULTS: The peak concentration of ethanol in urine occurred at 30 or 60 min after the infusion ended. The peak concentration of methanol and the 5HTOL/5HIAA ratio developed more gradually, reaching a plateau at 213 to 220 min and 200 to 220 min postinfusion, respectively. The concentration-time profiles of ethanol and the 5HTOL/5HIAA ratio varied more between subjects than within subjects (p < 0.001), whereas the inter- and intraindividual variation in the pharmacokinetics of methanol were not significantly different (p > 0.05). The concentration of methanol and the 5HTOL/5HIAA ratio remained above the endogenous levels at 8-hr postinfusion despite the fact that urinary ethanol was no longer measurable (<0.01 g/liter) after 5 to 6 hr. CONCLUSIONS: Measuring the concentrations of methanol and the ratio of serotonin metabolites (5HTOL/5HIAA) in urine is a more sensitive way to monitor recent drinking, compared with analysis of ethanol in body fluids. Moreover, the concentration-time profiles of methanol and the 5HTOL/5HIAA ratio showed a good test-retest stability. The present intravenous infusion experiment confirms previous work on these markers when ethanol was given perorally. The urinary methanol and the 5HTOL/5HIAA ratio have applications in forensic and clinical medicine as indicators of acute alcohol consumption. 
The authors report the CYP2D6 inhibitory effects of fluoxetine, paroxetine, sertraline, and venlafaxine in an open-label, multiple-dose, crossover design. Twelve CYP2D6 extensive metabolizers were phenotyped, using the dextromethorphan/dextrorphan (DM/DX) urinary ratio, before and after administration of fluoxetine 60 mg (loading dose strategy), paroxetine 20 mg, sertraline 100 mg, and venlafaxine 150 mg. Paroxetine, sertraline, and venlafaxine sequences were randomized with 2-week washouts between treatments; fluoxetine was the last antidepressant (AD) administered. Comparing within groups, baseline DM/DX ratios (0.017) were significantly lower than DM/DX ratios after treatment (DM/DXAD) with fluoxetine (0.313, p < 0.0001) and paroxetine (0.601, p < 0.0001) but not for sertraline (0.026, p = 0.066) or venlafaxine (0.023, p = 0.485). Between groups, DM/DXAD ratios were significantly higher for fluoxetine and paroxetine compared to sertraline and venlafaxine. No differences between DM/DXAD ratios were found for fluoxetine and paroxetine although more subjects phenocopied to PM status after receiving the latter (42% vs. 83%; chi 2 = 4.44, p = 0.049, df = 1). Similarly, no differences between DM/DXAD ratios were found for sertraline and venlafaxine. Of note, the DM/DXAD for 1 subject was much lower after treatment with paroxetine (0.058) compared to fluoxetine (0.490), while another subject exhibited a much lower ratio after treatment with fluoxetine (0.095) compared to paroxetine (0.397). Significant correlations between AD plasma concentration and DM/DXAD were found for paroxetine (r2 = 0.404, p = 0.026) and sertraline (r2 = 0.64, p = 0.002) but not fluoxetine or venlafaxine. In addition, DM/DXAD correlated with baseline isoenzyme activity for paroxetine, sertraline, and venlafaxine groups. These results demonstrate the potent, but variable, CYP2D6 inhibition of fluoxetine and paroxetine compared to sertraline and venlafaxine. CYP2D6 inhibition may be related, in part, to dose, plasma concentration, and baseline isoenzyme activity, and these correlations merit further investigation.
Serum CrossLaps is a new assay for measuring carboxy-terminal collagen crosslinks (CTX) in serum. This measurement is reported to be more specific to bone resorption than other measurements. However, the utility of this and other markers in monitoring patients on antiresorptive therapy depends on how often changes anticipated with therapy exceed changes attributable to random variability. In a study where subjects received either placebo or pamidronate, we calculated the minimum significant change (MSC), that is, the change that was sufficiently large that it was unlikely to be due to spontaneous variability. We also examined the changes in markers of bone turnover in subjects treated with pamidronate (APD) (30 mg i.v. in 500 ml D5W over 4 hours) to see how often observed changes in turnover after treatment exceeded the MSC. The MSC for serum CTX was 30.2%, and was significantly (P < 0.05) lower than the MSC for urinary NTX (54.0%), and not significantly different from the MSC of urinary DPD (20.6%). Ninety percent of subjects treated with APD had a decline in serum CTX that exceeded the MSC, compared with 74% for bone-specific alkaline phophatase (BSAP), 57% for urinary N-telopeptide cross-links (NTX), and 48% for free deoxypyridinoline. Changes in serum CTX correlated reasonably well with changes in spine BMD after 2 years (r = 0.47), but this correlation did not quite reach statistical significance because of the small number of subjects. In conclusion, the serum CTX assay shows greater utility for assessing efficacy of antiresorptive treatment than some previously described markers.
There is considerable controversy regarding the role of estrogen metabolites in breast cancer risk, fueled in part by the development of a rapid ELISA that is suitable for large scale investigations. An earlier version of the ELISA could detect values of the 2-hydroxyestrone (2-OHE1) and 16alpha-hydroxyestrone (16alpha-OHE1) metabolites as low as 2 ng/ml and produce consistent results in premenopausal urines. However, reproducibility was problematic in postmenopausal urines where concentrations of these compounds are much lower. In response to our concern, a new ELISA was developed with a sensitivity of 0.625 ng/ml, which we evaluated using the same pre- and postmenopausal urine samples analyzed in the earlier ELISA. In this report, we present findings on the new kit with regard to reproducibility of the 2-OHE1 and 16alpha-OHE1 measurements, comparability of results with gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy values, and with regard to the stability of the metabolites after repeated freeze-thaw cycles and after preservation by boric acid. For the most part, we found the new ELISA to be reproducible, with assay coefficients of variation ranging from 10 to 20%, and intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) ranging from 80 to 95% in both the pre- and postmenopausal urines. ELISA results for 16alpha-OHE1 differed from 1 day (i.e., batch) to the next, and the absolute values of the metabolites obtained by the ELISA were consistently lower than but well correlated with those obtained by gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy. Values of the 2-OHE1:16alpha-OHE1 ratio also differed between the methods, but because the range of values was not large, the magnitude of these differences was not as great. For the ratio, the correlation between methods was excellent, and the ICCs were high for both groups of women. After preservation by boric acid, values of the ratio varied according to acid concentration but not in a linear fashion. Ratio values were similar in urine samples exposed to four different freeze-thaw cycle treatments, although values for all treatments were consistently lower in one batch. Because batch-to-batch variability was not negligible, it is advisable that matched cases and controls be analyzed in the same batch. Provided this is done, the relatively low assay coefficient of variation and high ICC demonstrate that the new ELISA kit can reliably measure the 2-OHE1:16alpha-OHE1 ratio and detect small case-control differences in large population-based studies, where rapid and relatively easy laboratory methods are critical.
This study was designed to determine the reliability of the ultrasound testing procedure for evaluating vertebral artery blood flow, and to determine a robust testing protocol for future studies. Blood flow parameters were tested in ten asymptomatic subjects (mean age 33 years, standard deviation 6 years 8 months) using colour duplex Doppler imaging. Volume flow rate data at C5-6 demonstrated good reliability from a single measurement (Intraclass correlation coefficient [ICC]=0.81). Peak velocity sampled at C1-2 showed poor reliability if a single measurement was used (ICC=0.26) improving to fair levels with three measurements (ICC=0.77). Reliability for this parameter was good if five measurements were taken (ICC=0.83-0.84). Systolic/diastolic ratio measured at C5-6 showed poor reliability (ICC=0.57) if a single measurement was taken in the manner of Thiel et al. (1994). This improved to fair reliability (ICC=0.75) if the mean of three measurements was used. There was no further improvement if five measures were sampled. Sampling at C2-3 in the manner of Refshauge (1994) was found to be technically difficult and it was not possible to detect a Doppler shift in three of the ten subjects at this level. Reliability of peak velocity at C2-3 was found to be poor, regardless of whether single or multiple averaged measurements were taken (ICC=0.37-0.63). Mean (time averaged) velocity measurements at C2-3 showed poor reliability if a single measurement was taken (ICC=0.39), fair reliability if the first three measurements were averaged (ICC=0.73) and good to high reliability levels if five measurements were sampled (ICC=0.88-0.91). A review of the literature suggests that sampling volume flow rate at C5-6 and peak velocity at C1-2 represents a clinically meaningful combination of parameters to detect narrowing in the VA. The results of this current study indicate the desirability of taking a single measurement of volume flow rate at C5-6 and the mean of three measurements of peak velocity at C1-2, with the additional calculation of the standard error of measurement, if reliable results are to be achieved.
Information on menstrual cycle dependent variation of tumor markers in healthy women is a subject of diagnostic efficiency and has an impact in elucidating the normal function of these markers. In this study midfollicular and midluteal concentrations of serum CEA, AFP, CA 19-9, CA 125, CA 15-3 and their relations with LH, FSH, prolactin, estradiol and progesterone were evaluated during ovulatory cycles in a group of 23 healthy female individuals. Samples were collected on the 7th and 21st day of the same menstrual cycle. Tumor marker and hormone concentrations were determined with chemiluminescence or electrochemiluminescence EIA methods. A significant phase-dependent difference was observed for CA 15-3, midluteal concentrations (mean +/- SEM; 26.33 +/- 1.56 U/ml) higher than the midfollicular (mean +/- SEM; 19.27 +/- 1.49 U/ml) concentrations (p < 0.001). But an obvious difference for other tumor markers investigated did not exist. Significant correlations of follicular and luteal CA 125 levels with body mass index of the subjects were observed (r:0.52, p < 0.05 and r:0.57, p < 0.005, respectively). CA 15-3 antigen is a product of the MUC-1 gene which is expressed in abundance by endometrial epithelial cells in the secretory phase of the menstrual cycle which may be the potential source of variability. The association of CA 125 levels with obesity suggests a possible role of adipose tissue in CA 125 metabolism. In conclusion our data suggest that in healthy women serum CA 15-3 levels are significantly elevated in the midluteal phase of the menstrual cycle compared to midfollicular phase. Therefore, consideration of menstrual cycle dependent variability for CA 15-3 appears indicated in interpretation of individual results.
OBJECTIVES: The main aims of the present research project were to develop and evaluate a new software program for evaluation of LDL particle size applied to the gradient gel electrophoresis methodology without the use of previous ultracentrifugation, and to investigate the relationships among LDL particle size, metabolic variables and atherosclerosis, as measured by ultrasound, in subjects with different degrees of insulin resistance. METHODS: LDL particle size was determined by polyacrylamide gradient gel electrophoresis. RESULTS: Coefficient of variation for between-assay experiments was 0.3% (r = 0.99) for measurement of LDL peak particle size. LDL peak particle size was negatively correlated to serum triglycerides, apolipoprotein B, fasting insulin, BMI and diastolic blood pressure and positively correlated to HDL. Furthermore, subjects with moderate to large plaques in the carotid artery had smaller LDL particles compared to subjects without plaques. CONCLUSIONS: This project resulted in a highly reproducible, computerized method for the analysis of LDL particle size. The data suggest that it is possible to assess LDL particle size in serum without the use of previous ultra-centrifugation. LDL particle size was associated with metabolic variables and the occurrence of moderate to large plaques in the carotid artery. 
AIMS: Microalbuminuria and, to a lesser extent, renal tubular proteins are widely used in the early detection of incipient nephropathy in diabetes mellitus. Recent reports have indicated detrimental effects of storage at -20 degrees C on urine proteins. This study investigated the effects of storage on the measurement of urine proteins and discusses implications for the interpretation of data. METHODS: Two-hundred and sixty-eight specimens, collected from children with Type 1 diabetes, split into duplicate aliquots and stored at -20 degrees C and -70 degrees C, respectively, for 6-8 months, were analysed for albumin, retinol binding protein, N-acetyl glucosaminidase and creatinine, in the same assays to eliminate inter-assay variability. Two independent non-diabetic cohorts of children provided urine specimens, which were stored at -20 degrees C for one cohort and -70 degrees C for the other, to determine normal ranges for urine proteins. RESULTS: Storage at -20 degrees C led to a variable underestimation of all three urine proteins in 20% of specimens. Creatinine was unaffected. This underestimation was greater in more concentrated urine (r2 = 0.38, P < 0.001, n = 262). Consequently storage at -20 degrees C increased the variance of the albumin/ creatinine ratio more than the variance of albumin concentration. Temperature of storage affected the normal range, which was 0.1-2.1 mg/mmol at -20 degrees C compared to 0.3-3.1 mg/mmol at -70 degrees C. The prevalence of microalbuminuria (> 2SD above the geometric mean in non-diabetic specimens stored at -20 degrees C) was 27% after storage at -70 degrees C vs. 24% after -20 degrees C. The prevalence of microalbuminuria (>2SD above the geometric mean in nondiabetic specimens stored at -70 degrees C) was 21% after storage at -70 degrees C vs. 17% after -20 degrees C. CONCLUSIONS: Urine proteins are significantly but variably underestimated after storage at -20 degrees C. These effects account for increased variance and differences in the normal range, but have less effect on the detection of microalbuminuria than might be predicted. 
Urinary albumin excretion (UAE) is very variable from day to day. This variability, more or less potent, might by itself have a patho-physiological significance. We analyzed day-to-day UAE in 207 elderly (60-75 years) inpatients (134 with and 73 without diabetes mellitus) attending the department of internal medicine of the Angers University hospital. Twenty-four-hour urine was collected 3 times during a 5-10 day hospitalization period. One-hundred-fifty-one patients (73%) displayed normoalbuminuria (UAE<30 mg/24 h in 2 or 3 measures) while 56 patients (27%) had microalbuminuria (UAE within 30-300 mg/24 h in 2 or 3 measures). As the raw data of UAE was not normally distributed, we transformed UAE into the variable z=log (log (k + UAE)) where k is an integer and looked for a k value for which z might be normally distributed. We found that z was actually normally distributed for k=2. Mean value and coefficient of variation of z in the 3 measurements were used to define the level and the temporal intra-individual variability of UAE. Expressed in term of z, the day-to-day intra-individual variability of UAE showed a potent change (from large variability to small variability) at the particular level z=1.25, corresponding to UAE=30.8 mg/24 h. This value is precisely the level currently used to define microalbuminuria in diabetic subjects. It is remarkable that the day-to-day variability of UAE collapses when UAE crosses the level which has been used to define microalbuminuria.
In this study we aimed to assess the reproducibility of the 7-day voiding diary in women with stress urinary incontinence. We compared two 7-day voiding diaries completed at 4-week intervals by 138 women with stress urinary incontinence enrolled in an interventional trial. The correlation coefficient for the number of weekly incontinence episodes between the two diaries was 0.831. For 280 voiding diaries the results of the first 3 days correlated well with results of the last 4 days (r = 0.887). The number of incontinence episodes, as recorded on a 7-day voiding diary, is a reproducible outcome measure in women with stress urinary incontinence. Results from the first 3 days of a diary correlate well with the last 4 days, suggesting that a 3-day diary is an appropriate outcome measure for clinical trials evaluating treatments for stress incontinence.
Methotrexate (MTX) steady state concentrations were evaluated in 42 children who had received high-dose infusions (6-8 g/m2) for acute lymphocytic leukemia. Concentrations in serum and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) measured by immunoassay were found to be highly variable. Reanalysis by a reference high-pressure liquid chromatography method ruled out analytical factors as a source of this variability. The correlation coefficient between the analytical methods was 0.77 for the serum data and 0.88 for the CSF data. The variability of serum and CSF concentrations was higher in younger patients (serum; P = 0.05 and CSF; P = 0.18), and the CSF concentration decreased with decreasing age and in later courses. Body surface area, body mass index, weight, and gender were not significantly related to MTX variability. We conclude that the pronounced pharmacokinetic variability seen during MTX infusions remains largely unexplained.
Ultrasonography of the left and right femoral artery and vein was performed in 5 conscious horses. Velocity waveforms, recorded using low pulse repetition frequency, were used to calculate time-averaged mean velocity (TAV), velocity of component a (TaVa), velocity of component b (TaVb) and volumetric flow. Waveform analysis included calculation of early diastolic deceleration slope (EDDS) and pulsatility index (PI) and subjective description of the waveform. Measurements were recorded at monthly intervals for 6 months. The repeated measurements were used to determine the within-horse variation. Horses were then anaesthetised with halothane and the same measurements recorded 60 min after induction. Differences between measurements recorded in conscious and anaesthetised horses were determined. Within-horse variability for diameters of femoral arteries and veins was small (CV<10%). Within variability for all other measurements was marked (CV>11%), with within-horse variability being the largest for femoral venous flow (CV>35%). Source of variability was measurement error and biological variation. Despite variability in conscious horses it was possible to detect changes in blood flow during anaesthesia. In the femoral arteries, volumetric flow was lower and EDDS and PI was higher in anaesthetised horses. In the femoral veins, volumetric flow was also lower in anaesthetised horses. Therefore Doppler ultrasound appears to be a useful technique for studying blood flow in conscious and anaesthetised horses.
Measurement of N-telopeptides of type I bone collagen (NTX) provides a specific indicator of the current level of bone resorption. The biological intrasubject variability of NTX in urine and serum was studied in 277 postmenopausal women, mean age, 63.6 years +/- 10.2 (+/-SD) years. Second-morning void urine and serum specimens were collected at baseline and for two consecutive days to determine short-term variability (% CV). Long-term variability was determined by comparing NTX results at baseline and two consecutive months. Subjects were instructed to maintain current diet, lifestyle, and medications during the study. The median short-term %CV was 13.1% for urine NTX. This compared with 6.3% for serum NTX. Calculation of long-term %CV showed similar trends, with the %CV for NTX measured in serum (7.5%) lower than when measured in urine (15.6%). Using the least significant change (LSC) calculation, our data show that to be 90% confident that a decrease in NTX after initiation of antiresorptive therapy in an individual patient is not caused by variability alone, a 31 % decrease in urine NTX and a 14% decrease in serum NTX is required. As reported changes in NTX caused by antiresorptive therapy are greater than these calculations; our results support the use of either specimen to measure NTX to monitor the effect of therapy.
Chronic carriers of hepatitis B virus (HBV) usually show hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) in their sera, which is considered the best marker for acute and chronic HBV infection. In some individuals, however, this antigen cannot be detected by routine serological assays despite the presence of virus in liver and peripheral blood. One reason for this lack of HBsAg might be mutations in the part of the molecule recognized by specific antibodies. To test this hypothesis, the HBV S gene sequences were determined of isolates from 33 virus carriers who were negative for HBsAg but showed antibodies against the virus core (anti-HBc) as the only serological marker of hepatitis B. Isolates from 36 HBsAg-positive patients served as controls. In both groups, a considerable number of novel mutations were found. In isolates from individuals with anti-HBc reactivity only, the variability of the major hydrophilic loop of HBsAg, the main target for neutralizing and diagnostic antibodies, was raised significantly when compared with the residual protein (22. 6 vs 9.4 mutations per 1000 amino acids; P<0.001) and with the corresponding region in the controls (22.6 vs 7.5 exchanges per 1000 residues; P<0.001). A similar hypervariable spot was identified in the reverse transcriptase domain of the viral polymerase, encoded by the same nucleotide sequence in an overlapping reading frame. These findings suggest that at least some of the chronic low-level carriers of HBV, where surface antigen is not detected, could be infected by diagnostic escape mutants and/or by variants with impaired replication.
OBJECTIVES: This study analyzed the relationship of variability in routine trough cyclosporine (CSA) levels to morbidity after pediatric cardiac transplantation. BACKGROUND: Due to high interindividual variation between dosage and blood concentrations, trough surveillance CSA levels are routinely performed after cardiac transplantation to adjust dosages. In addition, trough CSA levels have been used as a measure of patient compliance in transplant recipients. Recent investigations have demonstrated a relationship between late rejection and mistimed CSA dosing intervals, which could also lead to CSA levels that are incorrectly presumed to be trough levels. METHODS: Trough surveillance whole-blood CSA levels were retrospectively reviewed in 49 pediatric heart transplant recipients who had a median follow-up of 42 months (range 6 to 138 months). All patients received the same immunosuppression regimen (CSA, azathioprine, and steroids), the same CSA-level surveillance protocol, and the same stabilization of CSA dose and level in the therapeutic range (150 to 300 ng/ml) prior to hospital discharge. CSA levels drawn because of coexisting phenomena (drug interaction, gastroenteritis) that could cause CSA-level fluctuation were excluded from analysis. Cyclosporine variability was measured as the percentage of CSA levels that were considered sub-therapeutic (< or = 100 ng/ml), toxic (> or = 450 ng/ml), or both. Cyclosporine-level variability was then analyzed in respect to demographic and outcome variables. RESULTS: For the group, the median percentage of sub-therapeutic levels was 3% (range, 0% to 16%); the median percentage of toxic levels was 5% (range, 0% to 36%); the median of the combination of sub-therapeutic and toxic levels was 10% (0% to 38%). Eight of the 49 patients (16%) has a high (>20%) percentage of sub-therapeutic + toxic levels or high CSA variability. High CSA variability was significantly associated with recipients > 12 months of age (p = 0.028), and recipients with a history of non-compliance (p < 0.001). Patients with high CSA variability had a significantly higher median number of hospitalized days per year of follow-up (p = 0.036), higher rate of recurrent rejection (> or = 2 episodes; p = 0.0003), and higher death rate more than 6 months after transplant (p = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Although this study could not determine cause, high variability in trough CSA levels was a marker for pediatric heart transplant recipients at greater risk for recurrent rejection and hospitalization after transplantation. 
C-reactive protein (CRP) is an acute-phase reactant that is related to future cardiovascular events. However, little is known about the long-term intra-individual stability of CRP in community residents. The 5-year intra-individual correlation of CRP levels was examined in the Jichi Medical School Cohort Study in Japan. CRP measurements were obtained in 1993 and in 1998 from 388 presumptively healthy individuals aged 30-69 years at baseline. The Pearson's correlation coefficient of CRP between baseline and follow-up measurements was 0.43 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.34-0.51). Additional analyses by sex and smoking status at baseline revealed similar coefficients. The correlation coefficient of CRP was lower than that of other classical risk factors, such as body-mass index (BMI), blood pressure, and total and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. A subgroup of individuals with higher levels of CRP at both baseline and follow-up measurements had higher BMI, hemoglobin Alc, and plasma fibrinogen, and lower levels of HDL-cholesterol than others, even after adjusting for age, sex, and smoking status in a multiple logistic model. In conclusion, the stability of CRP levels was statistically significant in a long-term population-based study. A subgroup with higher levels of CRP who had an aggregation of cardiovascular risk factors was identified by the 2 measurements.
The reproducibility of population-based human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) protease and reverse transcriptase (RT) sequencing was assessed using replicate aliquots of cryopreserved plasma samples obtained from seven heavily treated HIV-1-infected individuals. The sequence of each sample replicate was compared with the consensus sequence for that sample and 99.4% of 35128 amino acids were found to be concordant with the sample consensus. Partial discordances were present at 0.5% of positions and complete discordances were present at <0.1% of positions. To assess the reproducibility at detecting mutations (defined here as differences from the subtype B consensus sequence), the proportion of sequences having a mutation when at least two sequences from that sample had the same mutation were examined. There was a median of 13 protease and 18 RT mutations per sample for a total of 3126 mutations; 95% of these mutations were detected. However, sequencing of multiple clones from two samples demonstrated that those mutations present in a minority of clones were often not detected by population-based sequencing. These results suggest that HIV-1 protease and RT sequencing of circulating plasma virus is highly reproducible but that the sensitivity at detecting mutations may be low if those mutations are present as minor variants.
AIMS: To evaluate the prerequisites for using ethanol dilution to estimate total body water, we studied the within- and between-subject variation in the parameter estimates of a two-compartment model for ethanol pharmacokinetics with parallel Michaelis-Menten and first-order renal elimination. Because sampling of breath might be preferable in some clinical situations the parameter estimates derived from breath and venous blood were compared. METHODS: On two occasions, ethanol 0.4 g kg-1 was given by intravenous infusion to 16 volunteers after they had fasted overnight. The proposed model was fitted by means of nonlinear regression to concentration-time data measured in the breath, venous blood and urine during 360 min. The model contained six parameters: Vmax and Km (Michaelis-Menten elimination constants), CLd (intercompartmental distribution parameter), VC and VT (volumes of the central and tissue compartment, respectively) and CLR (renal clearance). The volume of distribution, Vss, was calculated as the sum of VC and VT. RESULTS: The mean +/- total s.d. of the parameter estimates derived from blood data were Vmax 95 +/- 25 mg min-1, Km 27 +/- 19 mg l-1, CLd 809 +/- 232 ml min-1, VC 14.5 +/- 4.3 l, VT 21. 2 +/- 4.4 l, CLR 3.6 +/- 2.0 ml min-1 and Vss 35.8 +/- 4.3 l. The variation within subjects amounted to 3%, 9%, 21%, 21%, 17%, 26% and 2%, respectively, of the total variation. Breath samples were associated with a similar or lower variation than blood, both within and between subjects. About 1.5% of the infused ethanol was recovered in the urine. CONCLUSIONS: The low within-subject variation of the key parameter Vss (only 2%) suggests that ethanol dilution analysed by the pharmacokinetic model applied here may be used as an index of the total body water. Breath samples yielded at least as good reproducibility in the model parameters as venous blood. 
OBJECTIVE: To assess whether substantial institutional variability exists in red blood cell conservation practices associated with coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. DESIGN: Prospective, randomized patient enrollment and data collection. SETTING: Twenty-four U.S. academic institutions participating in the Multicenter Study of Perioperative Ischemia. PARTICIPANTS: A well-defined subset of primary CABG surgery patients (n = 713) expected to be at low risk for bleeding and exposure to allogeneic transfusion. INTERVENTIONS: None (observational study). MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Frequency of use of red blood cell conservation techniques was determined among institutions. Correlation was determined between use of each technique and transfusion of allogeneic red blood cells and between use of each technique and median institutional blood loss. Significant variability (p < 0.01) was detected in institutional transfusion practice with respect to the use of predonated autologous whole blood, normovolemic hemodilution, red cell salvage, and reinfusion of shed mediastinal blood. The frequency of institutional use of these techniques was not associated with allogeneic transfusion (r2 < 0.15) or blood loss (r2 < 0.10) in the low-risk population of patients examined. CONCLUSIONS: Institutions vary significantly in perioperative blood conservation practices for CABG surgery. Further study to determine the appropriate use of these techniques is warranted. 
We conducted studies to determine the magnitude and sources of variability in androgen assay results and to identify laboratories capable of performing such assays for large epidemiological studies. We studied androstanediol (ADIOL), androstanediol glucuronide (ADIOL G), androstenedione (ADION), androsterone glucuronide (ANDRO G), androsterone sulfate (ANDRO S), dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEA S), dihydrotestosterone (DHT), and testosterone (TESTO). A single sample of plasma was obtained from five postmenopausal women, five premenopausal women in the midfollicular phase of the menstrual cycle, and five women in the midluteal phase, divided into aliquots, and stored at -70 degrees. Four sets of two coded aliquots from each woman were then sent to participating labs for analysis at monthly intervals over 4 months. Using the logarithm of assay measurements, we estimated the components of variance and three measures of reproducibility. The usual coefficient of variation is a function of the components that are under the control of the laboratory. The intraclass correlation between measurements for a given individual is the proportion of the total variability that is associated with individuals. The minimum detectable relative difference is important to evaluate study feasibility. Results suggest that a single sample of ADIOL G, DHEA, DHEA S, and ANDRO G (with two lab replicates per sample) can be used to discriminate reliably among women in a given menstrual phase or menopausal status. The results for DHT, TESTO, ADION, and ANDRO S are more problematic and suggest that the present measurement techniques should be used with care, especially with midluteal phase women. The results for ADIOL suggest that this assay is not yet ready for use in epidemiological studies.
BACKGROUND: A decrease in blood volume is thought to play a role in dialysis-related hypotension. Changes in relative blood volume (RBV) can be assessed by means of continuous haematocrit measurement. We studied the variability of RBV changes, and the relation between RBV and ultrafiltration volume (UV), blood pressure, heart rate, and inferior caval vein (ICV) diameter. METHODS: In 10 patients on chronic haemodialysis, RBV measurement was performed during a total of one hundred 4-h haemodialysis sessions. Blood pressure and heart rate were measured at 5-min intervals. ICV diameter was assessed at the start and at the end of dialysis using ultrasonography. RESULTS: The changes in RBV showed considerable inter-individual variability. The average change in RBV ranged from -0.5 to -8.2% at 60 min and from -3.7 to -14.5% at 240 min (coefficient of variation (CV) 0.66 and 0.35 respectively). Intra-individual variability was also high (CV at 60 min 0.93; CV at 240 min 0.33). Inter-individual as well as intra-individual variability showed only minor improvement when RBV was corrected for UV. We found a significant correlation between RBV and UV at 60 (r= -0.69; P<0.001) and at 240 min (r= -0.63; P<0.001). There was a significant correlation between RBV and heart rate (r= -0.39; P<0.001), but not between RBV or UV and blood pressure. The level of RBV reduction at which hypotension occurred was also highly variable. ICV diameter decreased from 10.3+/-1.7 mm/m(2) to 7.3+/-1. 5 mm/m(2). There was only a slight, although significant, correlation between ICV diameter and RBV (r= -0.23; P<0.05). The change in ICV-diameter showed a wide variation. CONCLUSIONS: RBV changes during haemodialysis showed a considerable intra- and inter-individual variability that could not be explained by differences in UV. No correlation was observed between UV or changes in RBV and either blood pressure or the incidence of hypotension. Heart rate, however, was significantly correlated with RBV. Moreover, IVC diameter was only poorly correlated with RBV, suggesting a redistribution of blood towards the central venous compartment. These data indicate that RBV monitoring is of limited use in the prevention of dialysis-related hypotension, and that the critical level of reduction in RBV at which hypotension occurs depends on cardiovascular defence mechanisms such as sympathetic drive. 
OBJECTIVE: We examined the reliability of the fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids in the New York University Women's Health Study, a prospective study of sex hormones, diet and breast cancer. DESIGN: Non-fasting serum samples collected at three yearly visits, in 46 healthy women, and stored at -80 degrees C for 7-12 y, were included in the study. Serum phospholipid fatty acid composition was measured by capillary gas chromatography. RESULTS: For the 20 individual fatty acids measured, the reliability coefficients were less than 0.50 for four, between 0.50 and 0.70 for nine, and greater than 0.70 for seven. Among the major fatty acids, arachidonic and alpha-linolenic acids had high reliability coefficients (0.71 and 0. 72, respectively), palmitic, oleic, linoleic, eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids had intermediate coefficients (0.57, 0.69, 0. 62, 0.64 and 0.66, respectively), whereas stearic acid had the lowest coefficient (0.15). The reliability coefficients for total monounsaturated fats, omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids were moderately high (0.66, 0.53 and 0.66, respectively), whereas the coefficients for total saturated fats and total polyunsaturated fats were low (0.31 and 0.43, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that the fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids can be a useful tool in epidemiologic studies, although for most fatty acids a single determination is associated with some error in measurement that should be taken into account at the design and analysis stages. Storage for up to 12 y at -80 degrees C preserved polyunsaturated fatty acids from oxidation very well. 
The purpose of this study was to determine the repeatability of femoral blood flow recorded using Doppler ultrasound in anaesthetised horses. Doppler ultrasound of the femoral artery and vein was performed in 6 horses anaesthetised with halothane and positioned in left lateral recumbency. Velocity spectra, recorded using low pulse repetition frequency, were used to calculate time-averaged mean velocity (TAV), velocity of component a (TaVa), velocity of component b (TaVb), volumetric flow, early diastolic deceleration slope (EDDS) and pulsatility index (PI). Within-patient variability was determined for sequential Doppler measurements recorded during a single standardised anaesthetic episode. Within-patient variability was also determined for Doppler and cardiovascular measurements recorded during 4 separate standardised anaesthetic episodes performed at intervals of at least one month. Within-patient variation during a single anaesthetic episode was small. Coefficients of variation (cv) were <12.5% for arterial measurements and <17% for venous measurements. Intraclass correlation coefficient was >0.75 for all measurements. No significant change was observed in measurements of cardiovascular function suggesting that within-patient variation observed during a single anaesthetic episode was due to measurement error. In contrast, within-patient variation during 4 separate anaesthetic episodes was marked (cv>17%) for most Doppler measurements obtained from arteries and veins. Variation in measurements of cardiovascular function were marked (cv>20%), suggesting that there is marked biological variation in central and peripheral observed. Further studies are warranted to determine the ability of this technique to detect differences in blood flow during administration of different anaesthetic agents.
BACKGROUND: The authors assessed the heparin management test in vitro in volunteers and in vivo during cardiopulmonary bypass. METHODS: In vitro, the heparin management test was analyzed for heparin levels between 0 and 6 IU/ml using variations in hematocrit, platelets, procoagulants, and storage time. The in vivostudies consisted of two groups: In group I (cardiopulmonary bypass </= 90 min, n = 40), anticoagulation was performed according to the activated clotting time (with or without aprotinin); in group II (cardiopulmonary bypass >/= 180 min, with aprotinin) included use (n = 10) and nonuse of coumadin (n = 10) and anticoagulation according to the automated heparin dose-response assay. Tests were performed in duplicate (whole blood, two heparin management test analyzers) and compared with anti-Xa activity (plasma). RESULTS: In vitro, the results of the heparin management test (n = 1,070) correlated well with heparin concentration (r2 = 0.98). Dilution and storage time did not affect the heparin management test; a hematocrit of 60% and reduced procoagulants (10%) prolonged clotting time. In vivo, the correlation (heparin management test vs. anti-Xa) was strong in group I (r2 = 0.97 [with aprotinin] and 0.96 [without aprotinin]; n = 960) and group II without coumadin (r2 = 0.89, n = 516). In group II with coumadin, the overall correlation was r2 = 0.87 and 0.79 (n = 484), although the range varied widely (0.57-0.94, between-analyzer differences 0-47%). CONCLUSIONS: The results of the heparin management test were influenced by hematocrit, plasma coagulation factors, and the heparin level, but not by use of aprotinin. The heparin management test provided reliable values in vitro in group I, and in group II without coumadin but was less reliable in group II with coumadin. 
Like many other places in the world, Hong Kong has drink-driving legislation which prohibits a driver from having in his blood alcohol exceeding a prescribed limit while in control of a motor vehicle. The accuracy of measuring this alcohol concentration is obviously of prime concern as an erroneous result can avert the administration of justice. The common practice is to deduct all errors from the measured value and compare the deducted value with the prescribed limit, so that the benefit of all errors of the measurement is given to the driver. It is therefore important for any laboratory responsible for measuring blood alcohol concentrations to identify and quantify all errors associated with the measurement. The present study examined 900 blood alcohol determinations carried out by the Hong Kong Government Laboratory (HKGL) on cases of suspected drink driving. The determinations were performed by 5 different analysts with two different sets of instruments during 1995-1997. Statistical analysis indicated that the instruments had no bearing on the random error or variability and that even though analyst was a significant factor on variability, the deviation from the mean so caused was only 0.3% and of no practical significance. When the systematic error introduced by the tolerance limits of the certified alcohol standards (purchased from the Laboratory of Government Chemists, UK) was taken into account, the total uncertainty (random plus systematic errors) of an alcohol determination at 99.5% confidence level was found to be 4%. It is recommended that laboratories engaged in blood alcohol determination should adopt similar statistical treatment of their analytical results to find out the error and to ensure that the results are independent of analyst and instrument used.
Mitochondrial uncoupling protein-2 and -3 (UCP2 and UCP3) may be involved in the modulation of resting metabolic rate and energy balance. To investigate their variability, the influence of this on the variability of energy expenditure, and potential regulatory factors of the expression of the corresponding genes, we measured their messenger ribonucleic acids (mRNAs) in muscle and white adipose tissue of lean, healthy men and correlated the abundance of these mRNAs (attomoles per microg total RNA) with measures of resting metabolic rate, hormone levels (thyroid hormones, insulin, glucagon, leptin, and catecholamines), and fuels potentially involved in energy balance regulation. We also investigated whether the thiazolidinedione, troglitazone, stimulates UCP2 and UCP3 mRNA levels to follow up on the observation that this antidiabetic drug increases the levels of expression in cultured cells. We found UCP2 and UCP3 mRNA levels to be highly variable and poorly correlated with measures of energy expenditure and with most factors affecting energy balance. Only nocturnal urinary norepinephrine excretion could explain a significant fraction of the variability in both UCP2 and UCP3 expression in muscle, but not adipose tissue. Thyroid hormone and norepinephrine excretion were found to contribute to the variability of resting metabolic rate, but this could not be explained by an effect on UCP mRNAs. Troglitazone affected neither the expression of UCPs nor the hormones or the measures of metabolic rate investigated. In conclusion, our results show that the expression of UCP2 and UCP3 genes is quite variable in healthy males and that this variability does not explain that in resting energy expenditure, and suggest that sympathetic activity is an important potential regulator of the expression of these proteins in skeletal muscle. However, the data do not support the concept that regulation of the expression of these genes is the most important level of control of UCP3 and UCP2 functions, and other levels of control have to be invoked.
Interobserver variability in the prediction of delayed cerebral ischemia by means of blood on CT was investigated in 159 patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage, admitted within 72 hours after the bleed. The authors found considerable interobserver variability in the assessment of the amount of blood in the individual cisterns. A high sum score was an independent predictor for delayed cerebral ischemia only for rater 1 (rater 1: hazard ratio, 3.26; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.14 to 7.75; rater 2: hazard ratio, 1.72; 95% CI, 0.72 to 4.09). The authors conclude that interobserver variability limits the predictive power of the amount of blood on CT for the occurrence of cerebral ischemia.
OBJECTIVE: In the present study, we evaluated whether the coefficient of variation (CV) of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) over a 3-year period was a significant predictor of mortality in type 2 diabetic patients aged 56-74 years. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: All type 2 diabetic patients (n = 1,409) aged 56-74 years attending the Verona Diabetes Clinic and having at least two FPG determinations in each of the years 1984-1986 were followed for 10 years (1987-1996) to assess total and cause-specific mortality Patients were grouped into tertiles of mean and CV of FPG during 1984-1986. These parameters as well as sex, age, diabetes duration, insulin treatment, smoking, hypertension, and hypercholesterolemia were included in multivariate survival analyses. RESULTS: During the follow-up, 468 patients died. The CV of FPG was an independent predictor of total, cardiovascular, and cancer mortality. Mean FPG was a predictor of total mortality only when the CV of FPG was not included in the analyses. CONCLUSIONS: Long-term variability of fasting glucose is an independent predictor of mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes. The CV of FPG might be considered a useful additional parameter in the management of these patients. 
OBJECTIVES: The aims of this study were to analyse the data from frequency-volume charts and to study the reliability of these charts in men with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) due to benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). METHODS: Males with LUTS due to BPH were consecutively included in the study if they met the criteria of the International Consensus Committee on BPH, voided more than 150 ml during uroflowmetry, residual volume and prostate size were estimated and frequency-volume charts were completed correctly. From the frequency-volume charts, voiding habits and fluid intake were evaluated. RESULTS: 160 patients could be included. Another 28 patients who met all other criteria did not complete the frequency-volume charts correctly. Agreement exists between reported voided volumes in the literature and those found by us. We found a significant correlation (p<0.001) between nycturia and score on symptom question 7, and between diuria and score on symptom question 2 of the AUA symptom index. The difference between results obtained from frequency-volume charts completed during 24 h and those obtained from charts completed during three or more 24-hour periods was negligible with respect to the variation of data at an individual level. CONCLUSION: Frequency-volume charts are reliable in the investigation of patients with LUTS due to BPH. Reporting on frequency-volume charts during just 24 h is sufficient to gain insight into their voiding habits during normal daily life. 
Chlamydia pneumoniae has been associated with atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease (CAD), and its DNA has been detected in atheromatous lesions of the aorta, carotid, and coronary arteries by a variety of PCR assays. The objective of this study was to compare the performances of five published PCR assays in the detection of C. pneumoniae in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from patients with coronary artery disease. The assays included two conventional PCRs, one targeting a cloned PstI fragment and one targeting the 16S rRNA gene; two nested PCRs, one targeting the 16S rRNA gene and one targeting ompA; and a touchdown enzyme time release (TETR) PCR, targeting the 16S rRNA gene. All PCRs had similar analytical sensitivities and detected a minimum of 0.005 inclusion-forming units (IFU) of C. pneumoniae; the ompA nested PCR and the TETR PCR were slightly more sensitive and detected 0.001 IFU. Assay reproducibility was examined by testing 10 replicates of C. pneumoniae DNA by each assay. All five assays showed excellent reproducibility at high levels of DNA, with scores of 10 out of 10 for 0.01 IFU, but exhibited decreased reproducibility for smaller numbers of C. pneumoniae IFU for all tests. Pairwise comparison of test results indicated that there was a significant difference between tests (Cochran Q = 32.0, P<0.001), with the PstI fragment (P<0.001) and 16S rRNA (P = 0.002) assays having lower reproducibility than the nested ompA and TETR assays. To further analyze assay sensitivity, C. pneumoniae-infected U-937 mononuclear cells were added to whole blood, and extracted mononuclear-cell DNA was tested by each assay. All five assays showed similar sensitivities, detecting 15 infected cells; three assays detected 3 infected cells, while all assays were negative at the next dilution (1.5 infected cells). A striking difference in performance of the five assays was seen, however, when PBMCs from CAD patients were tested for C. pneumoniae DNA. The ompA nested PCR detected C. pneumoniae DNA in 11 of 148 (7.4%) specimens, the 16S rRNA nested PCR detected 2 positives among the 148 specimens (1.4%) (P<0.001), and the other 3 assays detected no positive specimens (P<0.001, compared with the ompA assay). These results indicate that analytical sensitivity alone does not predict the ability of an assay to detect C. pneumoniae in whole-blood-derived PBMCs. Before standardized assays can be used in wide-scale epidemiological studies, further characterization of these assays will be required to improve our understanding of their performance in the detection of C. pneumoniae in clinical material.
We aimed to evaluate the reproducibility of the skin prick test performed with serial 1:4 dilutions of commercial standardized extracts in comparison with serum-specific IgE and the undiluted commercial extract. Twenty-four subjects sensitized to one (17 cases) or two (seven cases) inhalant allergens were selected and submitted to duplicate skin prick tests with concentrated commercial allergenic extracts or with serial 1:4 dilutions of the same extracts in two different examinations 7 days apart. Blood samples were obtained from 17 of the 24 patients for specific IgE determination. No statistically significant within-patient variations in the area of the wheal in skin prick tests done 1 week apart were found up to the eighth dilution (1:256) of the commercial allergen. On a patient-by-patient basis, only some dilutions showed a statistically significant correlation between allergen-specific IgE and the wheal area elicited by the same allergen, and a significant correlation was found between the wheal elicited by 10 mg/ml histamine and both the concentrated and diluted allergens (up to the sixth dilution). In polysensitized patients, the allergen producing the largest wheal when used in concentrated form did not produce the same result when diluted. The skin prick test with low-potency allergens was reproducible in individual patients even after a 7-day interval up to a 1:256 dilution of the commercial extract, although there was no clear correlation with allergen-specific IgE concentration. In polysensitized patients, the use of high-potency or low-potency allergens for skin prick tests can lead to different conclusions regarding the relative importance of each allergen.
Quantitative analysis of anthocyanins was performed on a series of blood orange juices according to various spectrophotometric and HPLC methods, and the causes for different concentration resulting from the application of such procedures were investigated. Spectrophotometric methods utilizing aqueous ethanol as a solvent provided an anthocyanin content higher than that determined by HPLC. Discrepancies were ascribed to the use of impure standards and/or unsuitable calibration lines. The most consistent results with the HPLC findings were obtained by a method utilizing water as a solvent and cyanidin-3-glucoside as a standard. Actual concentration of anthocyanins in blood orange juice was remarkably lower than that currently determined by procedures used in the juice producing factories.
Inaccurate quantification of plasma HIV RNA concentration may be detrimental to patient care, yet little is known about how reproducible results are within and between laboratories. Each week between January and April 1998 a different laboratory represented at the Public Health Laboratory Service HIV Diagnosis Forum sent aliquots of the same anti-HIV positive plasma specimen by First Class Mail to the other 12 laboratories and to itself. Aliquots were frozen on receipt and examined in the next assay run. At the end of the 13 week period each laboratory reported their findings and provided further information about the specimen that they had dispatched. The correlation of results between laboratories and between the four different assay kits used was generally satisfactory. HIV RNA concentrations determined by the Roche Monitor and AcuGen kits were higher, and by the Chiron Quantiplex v 2.0 kit lower, than average. The Chiron Quantiplex gave the most reproducible concentrations. Nine 'below detection limit' results occurred, associated with three specimens. One specimen gave a below detection limit result in every one of six laboratories using the Organon Teknika Nuclisens HIV-1 QT kit, and was found to contain viral RNA of HIV-1 clade G. Another below detection limit result was probably due to technical error, and the remaining two to assay insensitivity. The findings suggested that an unsustained change in HIV RNA of <log(10)1.00 may not be a reliable basis for modifying treatment. This study confirms the need for performance assessment and for conservative interpretation of isolated changes in the estimate of HIV RNA concentration. Parallel testing of consecutive specimens from individual patients, though expensive, probably offers the best indication of significant change in the HIV RNA concentration.
The hormone leptin is considered to contribute to body weight regulation through modulation of feeding behavior and energy expenditure. The aim of the present study was 1) to assess the day-to-day within-subject variation (biovariability) of serum leptin concentrations in healthy subjects and 2) to investigate whether this variation is associated with food intake, exercise, anthropometric measurements or various metabolic covariates (insulin, C-peptide and glucagon, glucose, lactate, 3-hydroxybutyrate (3-OHB), triglycerides, non-esterified-fatty acids and glycerol). Serum leptin levels were taken daily on 12 consecutive days after an overnight fast in 12 healthy subjects with a mean (SD) age of 22.7 (1.5) yr. and a BMI of 22.8 (1.6) kg/m2. Food intake, exercise, anthropometric measurements and various metabolic covariates were also determined during this period. The overall mean of serum leptin concentration was 33.3 pmol/L with a within-subject SD range of 27-41 pmol/L and a between-subject SD range of 18-61 pmol/L. The within-subject variance of serum leptin as a proportion of total variance was 9.5%. Within-subject variation of serum leptin concentrations is small in relation to between-subject variation in healthy, normal weight subjects. This has implications for the power of interventional or prospective studies. In men, 6.7% of the variation in serum leptin concentration was associated with body weight measured on the same day (p= 0.037). In women, however, 66% of the variation was negatively associated with 3-OHB measured on both the same and the previous day (p=0.0003 and 0.002), and positively associated with triglyceride concentration measured on the previous day (p=0.0017) and insulin measured on the same day (p=0.0002). Within-subject associations in women could be due to phasic changes in unmeasured variables, possibly related to the menstrual cycle or might suggest that energy balance may exert a delayed influence on serum leptin levels, with plasma 3-OHB and triglycerides acting as markers for the state of the fat stores that regulate leptin secretion. The differences between the genders remain unexplained, however.
Rates of oxygen consumption (M(O(2))) for Fundulus grandis, the gulf killifish, were measured in air-saturated water, at four progressively lower levels of oxygen and upon normoxic recovery. The pattern of M(O(2)) versus oxygen partial pressure (P(w)O(2)) was that of an oxygen regulator, with a critical oxygen pressure (P(c)) of 34 torr (1 torr=133.3 Pa). Below this value, M(O(2)) decreased and the concentration of blood lactate increased, indicating anaerobic metabolism during hypoxia. Recovery was characterized by elevated M(O(2)) compared to the initial normoxic exposure, coupled with the rapid clearance of blood lactate. Variation in M(O(2)) among the individual fish was appreciable and, in general, it was greater at higher levels of P(w)O(2). This inter-individual variation was significantly larger than the variation between replicate measures of M(O(2)) for a given individual, i.e. it cannot be attributed solely to random error. Furthermore, values for M(O(2)) during normoxia were found to be repeatable when the same fish were used in multiple experimental trials. The observation of significant, repeatable inter-individual variation in M(O(2)) suggests that such variation is a real and potentially important feature of fish metabolism.
We developed simple, reliable, and highly sensitive assay modifications of commercially available radioimmunoassay kits to measure estradiol in saliva and blood spot specimens. The saliva assay has average intra- and interassay coefficients of variation (CV) of 6.45 and 9.01%, with average analytical and serial dilution recoveries 100.65 and 89.25%. The blood spot assay has average intra- and interassay CVs of 7.57 and 8.22%, with analytical and serial dilution recoveries of 80.50 and 108.50%. The analytical sensitivity ranges of the saliva (0.25-7.50 pg/ml) and blood spot (2. 00-375 pg/ml) assays are sufficient to determine levels in the majority of pre- and postpubertal males and females. Blood spot assay results are correlated with serum estradiol levels for adult males, r (17) = 0.73, and females, r (18) = 0.96. In contrast, the serum-saliva correlation is only modest for adult females, r (14) = 0.60, and not significant for adult males. Substitution of blood spot assay results for serum values underestimates the known serum estradiol-behavior correlation by only 3.45%, whereas substitution of saliva assay results for serum values underestimates the association by 37.55%. The findings have important implications for the use and potential misuse of noninvasive measures of estradiol in studies of health and human development.
UNLABELLED: Our objective was to investigate the usefulness of human ultralente insulin as basal substitution overnight in patients with Type 1 diabetes treated with multiple insulin injection therapy by evaluating the free insulin and glucose profiles, the day-to-day variability and the impact of the time of injection. METHODS: Ten patients with Type 1 diabetes and with good metabolic control (mean HbAlc 6.0%), treated with regular human insulin before breakfast, lunch and dinner and human ultralente (Ultratard) before dinner or at bedtime, were studied. Plasma profiles of blood glucose and free insulin were measured on three occasions from 16.00 h until noon the next day. On two of these occasions Ultratard was injected before dinner and once it was injected at bedtime in randomized order. RESULTS: Injection of regular insulin before dinner resulted in a high insulin peak during the evening but no insulin peak was found that could be attributed to ultralente. The plasma concentration of free insulin at 03.00 h was 11.0+/-1.9 mU/L and it slowly decreased to 6.4+/-1.4 at 12.00 h after administration of ultralente at 17.00 h. There were no differences in the mean plasma insulin profiles compared to the other occasion when insulin was given at 17.00 h or at 22.00 h. On the other hand, the intra-individual day-to-day variability of mean insulin concentration during the night was considerable, often exceeding 50%. No differences were noted in the mean blood glucose profiles between the three occasions. CONCLUSION: Human ultralente insulin gives an insulin profile suitable for overnight substitution, but the great day-to-day variability limits its usefulness. It can be injected before dinner or at bedtime without any change in the insulin profile during the night. 
BACKGROUND: Ultra-high-frequency (40- to 50-MHz) intravascular ultrasound (IVUS) improves image quality compared with conventional 20- to 30-MHz IVUS. However, as the frequency of IVUS increases, high-intensity backscatter from blood components may cause visual difficulties in discrimination between the lumen and arterial wall structure. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of a novel blood noise reduction algorithm (BNR) on quantitative coronary ultrasound measurements. METHODS AND RESULTS: IVUS studies using a 40-MHz transducer were performed in 35 patients with coronary artery disease. A total of 620 gray-scale images (310 pairs) were processed with and without the BNR, and lumen cross-sectional area (CSA) was determined by 2 independent observers. With the BNR, the intraobserver and interobserver correlation coefficients for lumen CSA were significantly improved (0.85 to 0.99 and 0.80 to 0.98, respectively). In the 270 images (135 pairs) in which vessel wall measurements were possible, the BNR significantly improved the intraobserver and interobserver correlation coefficients for plaque plus media CSA (0.83 to 0.99 and 0.76 to 0.97, respectively), whereas no influence was observed for external elastic membrane CSA (1.00 to 1.00 and 0.99 to 0.99, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates the feasibility of this novel algorithm to reduce blood noise, thereby enabling accurate lumen border delineation and providing reproducible measurements of both the lumen and plaque plus media CSAs. Incorporating a digital BNR may serve as an important adjunct to ultra-high-frequency IVUS imaging for improving accurate quantitative evaluation of vessel dimensions. 
To establish the range of individual blood responses to supplemental vitamin E, 30 healthy subjects ingested 75 mg of deuterium-labelled alpha-tocopherol with a standard breakfast. Blood was collected at 6, 9, 12, 27 and 51 h post ingestion and deuterated (d6) and non-deuterated (do) alpha-tocopherol concentrations were determined in plasma and red blood cells (RBC) by GC-MS. To examine intra-individual responses, 6 of these subjects were re-examined at 6-month intervals over a 30-month period. Post ingestion, the amount of d6-alpha-tocopherol in blood increased rapidly with time with maximal concentrations seen at 12 h (plasma) and 27 h (RBC) in most subjects. At these times, d6-alpha-tocopherol concentration ranged from 0.3-12.4 micromol/l in plasma and 0.6-4.09 micromol/l packed cell in RBC. Area under the curve calculations indicated inter-individual differences of alpha-tocopherol uptake to be 40-fold for plasma (12.9-493.3 micromol h/l) and 6-fold for RBC (24.4-146.1 micromol h/l packed RBC). Intra-individual variation in alpha-tocopherol uptake was small in comparison and remained relatively constant over the 30-month period. We conclude that vitamin E uptake varies widely in the normal population, although it is comparatively stable for an individual over time. These differences likely arise from variations in the regulation of vitamin E uptake and metabolism between subjects. Factors regulating this process must be better understood before the optimal intake of vitamin E can be ascertained.
Endothelial dysfunction might be an important and early event in the pathogenesis of major cardiovascular diseases. Therefore, the evaluation of endothelial function in humans may be of great clinical relevance. Usual methods for that purpose are either invasive and/or technically demanding. In the dermal microcirculation, endothelial function may be assessed noninvasively from the laser Doppler measurement of increases in blood flow after either the transdermal application of acetylcholine by iontophoresis, or the release of transient arterial occlusion (reactive hyperemia). An endothelium-independent response may be provided by the iontophoresis of sodium nitroprusside. This approach is notable for technical simplicity, but of uncertain reproducibility. Sixteen young, healthy, nonsmoking males were examined in the fasting state. Changes in skin blood flow were measured with a laser Doppler imager during the iontophoresis of acetylcholine and sodium nitroprusside, as well as during reactive hyperemia, on two different days, at each of two different sites on the volar face of the forearm. Nonspecific effects related to the stimulation of terminal nerve fibers by the iontophoretic current were suppressed by prior surface anesthesia. The iontophoresis of acetylcholine and sodium nitroprusside induced a seven- to eightfold increase in dermal blood flow. The corresponding figure for peak reactive hyperemia was approximately fourfold. The mean coefficients of variation of responses recorded on different days, on the same site, in the same individual were <10% for iontophoresis of acetylcholine and for peak reactive hyperemia, and between 10 and 20% for iontophoresis of sodium nitroprusside. This day-to-day variation was significantly smaller than the site-to-site variation (p < 0.01 for all three responses). Endothelium-dependent and -independent responses of dermal blood flow evaluated with laser Doppler imaging are highly reproducible from day to day, at least in healthy nonsmoking young male subjects, and provided some simple precautions are observed, foremost among which is the strict standardization of the recording site. These observations may have implications for the testing of endothelial function in clinical studies.
Regulatory guidelines regarding methylmercury exposure depend on dose-response models relating observed mercury concentrations in maternal blood, cord blood, and maternal hair to developmental neurobehavioral endpoints. Generalized estimates of the maternal blood-to-hair, blood-to-intake, or hair-to-intake ratios are necessary for linking exposure to biomarker-based dose-response models. Most assessments have used point estimates for these ratios; however, significant interindividual and interstudy variability has been reported. For example, a maternal ratio of 250 ppm in hair per mg/L in blood is commonly used in models, but a 1990 WHO review reports mean ratios ranging from 140 to 370 ppm per mg/L. To account for interindividual and interstudy variation in applying these ratios to risk and safety assessment, some researchers have proposed representing the ratios with probability distributions and conducting probabilistic assessments. Such assessments would allow regulators to consider the range and like-lihood of mercury exposures in a population, rather than limiting the evaluation to an estimate of the average exposure or a single conservative exposure estimate. However, no consensus exists on the most appropriate distributions for representing these parameters. We discuss published reviews of blood-to-hair and blood-to-intake steady state ratios for mercury and suggest statistical approaches for combining existing datasets to form generalized probability distributions for mercury distribution ratios. Although generalized distributions may not be applicable to all populations, they allow a more informative assessment than point estimates where individual biokinetic information is unavailable. Whereas development and use of these distributions will improve existing exposure and risk models, additional efforts in data generation and model development are required.
The objective of this study was to assess the short-term test-retest variability of pressure-flow studies (PFS) in men with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS). By choosing a short interval between two consecutive PFS, but notably not performing two tests within a single session, both tests represent the same routine testing procedure. Eighty-nine patients with LUTS suggestive of bladder outlet obstruction or detrusor underactivity, who received PFS, were asked to undergo a second urodynamic evaluation within 4 weeks after the initial test. At both visits, specialized physicians performed the PFS. Obstruction was quantified using the Abrams-Griffiths number (AG number). Each patient was classified as obstructed, unobstructed, or equivocally obstructed according to the International Continence Society nomogram. As expected, no systematic difference was observed in AG number between the first and the second visit at the group level. There was, however, considerable variation at the individual level. The average within-patient standard deviation was 14 cm H(2)O. This finding shows that if a patient's AG number is 30 at the first visit, his true AG number can be any value between 30 +/- 1.96 * 14 = 3 to 57, owing to random variability alone. The average within-patient standard deviation did not differ significantly between sub-groups of obstruction and other variables such as patient age, symptom score, prostate volume, or residual volume. The variability appeared to increase slightly with an increased interval between visits. Of all patients, 39% changed at least one category of obstruction at the second visit and 3% changed from definitely obstructed to definitely unobstructed or vice versa. We conclude that PFS cannot stand the test of serving as a gold standard to identify bladder outlet obstruction in patients with LUTS.
OBJECTIVES: This study investigates the sensitivity of various standard clinical techniques in the detection of albumin fragments. The significance of this work is in the detection of urinary proteins, such as albumin, which has recently been discovered to be excreted as mainly peptide fragments as a result of filtered albumin undergoing degradation during renal passage. All filtered proteins undergo a similar degradation process. DESIGN AND METHODS: Albumin digested with trypsin was used as a model urine solution. The solution was assayed for albumin concentration by various methods including the biuret assay that is known to detect urinary albumin fragments. The digest solution was also analyzed by various clinically used chromagen assays, electrophoretic and chromatographic methods to determine whether they are able to detect the fragmented protein. RESULTS: The benzethonium chloride, Coomassie blue, and pyrogallol red assays for urine protein, the immunoassay for human albumin and sodium dodecyl sulfate polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis with Coomassie blue staining were unable to detect the albumin fragments. Capillary electrophoresis was sensitive to the fragments but with low resolution. High-performance liquid chromatography gave the best results. CONCLUSIONS: Many techniques utilized to assay patient urine samples are unable to detect fragmented albumin and, hence, will severely underestimate albumin and protein excretion. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine if total nucleated cell counts alone are sufficient for predicting the efficacy of cord blood units for transplant from neonatal umbilical cord blood samples. METHODS: Umbilical cord blood samples were collected from 200 mothers at delivery and the cord blood units processed. The total nucleated cells and CD34+ cells were enumerated and compared for each sample. RESULTS: Despite an apparent linear correlation between total nucleated cell counts and CD34+ cell counts, each group of total nucleated cell counts demonstrated a high degree of variation in CD34+ cell counts and could be as low as 0.1% of total nucleated cell counts. CONCLUSIONS: Large variations in CD34+ cell counts per total nucleated cell count are present for cord blood units from neonatal umbilical cord samples. Hence a CD34+ cell count for each cord blood unit would improve selection of samples for transplant. 
The hOGG1 (8-oxoguanine-DNA glycosylase) gene may contribute to further understanding of the relation between oxidative DNA damage and carcinogenesis. A real-time PCR technique was used to determine mRNA levels in peripheral blood cells to assess the possibility of using hOGG1 mRNA as a biomarker in epidemiological studies. To evaluate the intra- and interindividual variation of hOGG1 mRNA levels in peripheral blood cells, we measured them in five healthy nonsmokers three times over a 1-year period. The beta-actin mRNA level in each subject was set equal to 100, and the levels of hOGG1 mRNA were found to range from 1.6-17.6. The intraindividual variation range was 1.8-6.4. Although the difference in the mRNA levels between the sampling dates was not significant (P = 0.73), a significant difference in mRNA levels was found between the subjects (P < 0.01). The subjects seemed to fall into groups according to their individual levels. This preliminary study may provide initial information on the hOGG1 mRNA level of peripheral blood cells as a biomarker in epidemiological studies on oxygen radicals, oxygen radical-related agents, and cancer.
A strategy is presented to predict interindividual variation in drug plasma levels in vivo by the use of physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling and human in vitro metabolic parameters, obtained through the combined use of microsomes containing single cytochrome P450 enzymes and a human liver microsome bank. The strategy, applied to the pharmaceutical compound (N-[2-(7-methoxy-1-naphtyl)-ethyl]acetamide), consists of the following steps: (1) estimation of enzyme kinetic parameters K(m) and V(max) for the key cytochrome P450 enzymes using microsomes containing individual P450 enzymes; (2) scaling-up of the V(max) values for each individual cytochrome P450 involved using the ratio between marker substrate activities obtained from the same microsomes containing single P450 enzymes and a human liver microsome bank; (3) incorporation into a physiologically based pharmacokinetic model. For validation, predicted blood plasma levels and pharmacokinetic parameters were compared to those found in human volunteers: both the absolute plasma levels as well as the range in plasma levels were well predicted. Therefore, the presented strategy appears to be promising with respect to the integration of interindividual differences in metabolism and prediction of the possible impact on plasma and tissue concentrations of drugs in humans.
This study investigated the relationship between psychotherapeutic interventions and pharmacologic measures of pharmacotherapy treatment adherence in patients with bipolar I disorder, as well as the relationship between these measures and treatment outcome. Subjects were participating in an ongoing maintenance treatment study. Audiotaped therapy sessions were rated for frequency of psychotherapeutic interventions related to pharmacotherapy treatment adherence. Pharmacologic measures of medication adherence were compared to the tape ratings as well as to treatment outcome. Variability in log erythrocyte (RBC) lithium-a marker of probable nonadherence to the pharmacotherapy regimen-for individual patients correlated significantly with treatment adherence interventions scale ratings. This marker of nonadherence was significantly related to maintenance treatment outcome, as was variability of the serum lithium level/dose (L/D) ratio; however, no relationship was found between treatment adherence interventions scale ratings and outcome.
The mycotoxin ochratoxin A (OTA) is a rodent carcinogen produced by species of the ubiquitous fungal genera Aspergillus and Penicillium. OTA is found in a variety of food items and as a consequence is also found in human plasma (average concentrations found in this study: 0.1-1 ng OTA/ml plasma). To improve the scientific basis for cancer risk assessment the toxicokinetic profile of OTA was studied in one human volunteer following ingestion of 395 ng 3H-labeled OTA (3.8 microCi). A two-compartment open model consisting of a central compartment was found to best describe the in vivo data. This two-compartment model consisted of a fast elimination and distribution phase (T1/2 about 20 h) followed by a slow elimination phase (renal clearance about 0.11 ml/min.) and a calculated plasma half-life of 35.55 days. This half-life was approximately eight times longer than that determined previously in rats. In addition, the intraindividual fluctuation of OTA plasma levels was investigated in eight individuals over a period of 2 months. The concentrations determined ranged between 0.2 and 0.9 ng OTA/ml plasma. The plasma levels in some individuals remained nearly constant over time, while others varied considerably (e.g. increase of 0.4 ng/ml within 3 days, decrease of 0.3 ng/ml within 5 days) during the observation period. This intraindividual fluctuation in OTA plasma levels, which may represent differences in OTA exposure and/or metabolism, as well as the large difference in plasma half-life in humans compared to rats must be taken into consideration when the results of rat cancer study data are extrapolated to humans for risk assessment purposes.
Complex phenotypes such as serum lipid concentrations involve numerous genes and require the analysis of the combined effects of these gene products. We modeled the interactions of six key lipid metabolism genes by means of differential equations. We tested the model by inserting the effects of known mutations in the low-density lipoprotein receptor gene and the lipoprotein lipase gene, as well as the effects of a high-fat diet, and observed that the predictions corresponded very well to published measurements. Models such as the one that we present here will become indispensable for analyzing and understanding the effects of variation in multiple genes.
BACKGROUND: An adequate knowledge of physiological variation is important for valid comparative studies of tear proteins. The aim of this study was to investigate the between-day variation of the human tear protein levels, including the total protein concentration (TPC) and the levels of major protein fractions. Two sampling methods, the yawn and the eye-flush methods, were used and compared. METHODS: TPC was determined by the Bradford method. The major protein fractions were separated by sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE) and their levels were determined by scanning densitometry after SDS-PAGE. The tear protein levels were monitored for 3 days. RESULTS: The between-day differences in the levels of TPC and the individual protein fractions were not statistically significant in either sampling method, but the variations of some proteins were large and would be clinically significant. Different variations were observed in different proteins. The variations in serum albumin were large, up to 61% and 113% in the yawn and eye-flush methods respectively. The variations in lactoferrin, tear-specific prealbumin and lysozyme were relatively small in the yawn method. The variations in protein levels obtained by the eye-flush method were generally higher than by the yawn method. CONCLUSION: Although the between-day differences in tear protein levels were not statistically significant, the variations in some proteins would be large in magnitude. The variability of tear protein levels obtained by the eye-flush method was larger than that by the yawn method. Therefore, caution should be taken if the eye-flush method is used for sampling tears for quantitative analysis of tear proteins, although it is easier to collect tear samples using this method. The results will be useful to exclude normal variation in tear protein levels when comparing pre- and post-therapeutic tear protein levels in eyes treated for tear-related abnormalities. 
Due to the lipophilicity of many xenobiotics, the perfusion of fat tissue is of special interest in physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modeling. In order to estimate inter- and intra-individual variability in fat tissue blood flow with exercise, a population PBPK model for toluene was fitted to experimental data from subjects exposed to toluene vapors (Carlsson, A., 1982. Exposure to toluene: uptake, distribution and elimination in man. Scand. J. Work Environ. Health 8, 43-55). Six male volunteers were exposed to 80 ppm toluene for two hours during rest and moderate to heavy exercise (50-150 W). Extensive data collection was made, including sampling of arterial blood, exhaled breath and subcutaneous fat tissue. The model was simultaneously fitted to the time courses of toluene in arterial blood, exhaled breath, and subcutaneous fat in the six individuals by Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) simulation. In order to describe the experimental observations in subcutaneous fat accurately, the fat compartment was split in two. According to the analysis, the increased perfusion of perirenal fat associated with physical workload was best described if it was set to the same, elevated, level during all exercise levels, rather than scaled directly to the increase in oxygen uptake. No increase in subcutaneous fat perfusion could be detected at these exposure conditions.
The frequency, distribution and repeatability of measurements related to infection with gastrointestinal nematodes have been estimated in dairy goats. Monthly faecal and blood samples were taken over two grazing seasons from a flock of 120 naturally infected goats. The frequency distribution of egg excretion was positively skewed at each sampling date, suggesting an aggregative distribution of parasites. Overdispersed distributions were also apparent for pepsinogen and inorganic phosphate values. Repeatabilities for each parameter were estimated within each year. The values ranged between 0.23 to 0.43 and were relatively similar during the 2 years, with the highest coefficients recorded for pepsinogen. For each parameter, moderate to high repeatabilities were also estimated between the 2 years. Overall, the data suggest that, in dairy goats, the distribution of worms is overdispersed with a few individuals repeatedly harbouring large worm populations. These results have practical implications for genetic selection for resistance to worm infection and for selective administration of anthelmintics.
BACKGROUND: The protein c-erb B-2, also known as Her2/neu, is a prognostic breast cancer marker assayed in tissue biopsy specimens from women diagnosed with malignant tumors. Current studies suggest that soluble fragments of the c-erb B-2 oncogene may be released from the cell surface and become detectable in patients with a carcinoma of the breast. Consequently, the purpose of this study is to assay soluble c-erb B-2 protein in the saliva of healthy men and women to determine the reliability of the assay. METHODS: To determine the diagnostic utility of this oncogene, we assayed the soluble form of the c-erb B-2 protein in the saliva with an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The study population consisted of 10 healthy women and 9 healthy men who were serially sampled for saliva 3 times a day for a 5-day period. Saliva was collected from each subject at 9 AM, 4 PM, and 9 PM during the 5-day period. RESULTS: We found the presence of c-erb B-2 protein in the saliva of both groups of subjects. The salivary levels of c-erb B-2 were not significantly different when compared for gender differences. Likewise, the results suggest that sampling during various times of the day for salivary c-erb B-2 levels has no effect on marker concentration. Reliability analyses showed that supervised salivary collections were more reliable than unsupervised collections. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this pilot study suggest that the assay for salivary c-erb B-2 protein is reliable and might have potential use in the initial detection and follow-up screening for the recurrence of breast cancer in both men and women. 
BACKGROUND: Urinary tract infections (UTIs) are a common source of bacterial infection among young febrile children. Clinical variables affecting the sensitivity of the urinalysis (UA) as a screen for UTI have not been previously investigated. The limited sensitivity of the UA for detecting a UTI requires that a urine culture be obtained in some children regardless of the UA result; however, a proper urine culture requires an invasive procedure, so the criteria for its use should be optimized. OBJECTIVES: To determine how the sensitivity of the standard UA as a screening test for UTI varies with age, and to determine the clinical situation that necessitates the collection of a urine culture regardless of the UA result. METHODS: Retrospective medical record review of patients younger than 2 years with fever (>/=38 degrees C) seen in the emergency department during a period of 65 months. All urine cultures were reviewed for the collection method, isolates, and colony counts. A UA result was considered positive if the presence of 1 of the following was detected: leukocyte esterase, nitrite, or pyuria (>/=5 white blood cells per high power field). Patients who had a paired UA and urine culture were used to calculate the sensitivity, specificity, and likelihood ratios of the UA. The prevalence of UTIs was also subcategorized by age, race, sex, and fever. RESULTS: Medical records of 37 450 febrile children younger than 2 years were reviewed. Forty-four percent were girls. Median age and temperature were 10.6 months and 38.8 degrees C. A total of 11 089 patients (30%) had urine cultures obtained. The sensitivity of the UA was 82% (95% confidence interval [CI], 79%-84%) and did not vary by age subgroups. The specificity of UA was 92% (95% CI, 91%-92%). The likelihood ratios for a positive UA and negative UA were 10.6 (95% CI, 10.0-11.2) and 0.19 (95% CI, 0.18-0.20), respectively. Prevalence of UTI was 2.1% overall (2.9% for girls and 1.5% for boys, respectively). Among girls, the prevalence of UTI was 5.0% in white patients, 2.1% in Hispanic patients, and 1.0% in black patients. Among boys, the prevalence was 2.2% in Hispanic patients, 1.4% in white patients, and 0.8% in black patients. Higher prevalence was also seen among patients with a temperature at or above 39 degrees C compared with those whose temperature was between 38.0 degrees C and 38.9 degrees C. The greatest prevalence of UTI (13%) was found among white girls younger than 6 months with a temperature at or greater than 39 degrees C. The posttest probability of a UTI in the presence of a negative UA can be calculated using the negative likelihood ratio and the patient-specific prevalence of UTI. When the prevalence of UTI is 2%, 1 UA among 250 will produce a false-negative test result. CONCLUSIONS: The sensitivity of the standard UA is 82% (95% CI, 79%-84%) and does not vary with age in febrile children younger than 2 years. The prevalence of UTI varies by age, race, sex, and temperature. A negative likelihood ratio and estimates of prevalence can be used to calculate the risk of missing a UTI due to a false-negative UA result. 
BACKGROUND: A reliable method of documenting the frequency of incontinent episodes is essential for assessment of treatment outcome in both clinical practice and research studies. Bladder diaries, completed prospectively by the patient, have been widely used for this purpose. This study investigated the number of consecutive days of bladder diary reports of incontinence frequency necessary to obtain adequate internal consistency (reliability). METHODS: Participants were 214 community-dwelling women, aged 40 to 90 years, with a history of stress, urge, or mixed urinary incontinence, persisting at least 3 months with a frequency of two or more episodes of urine leakage per week. Each participant kept a 14-day bladder diary documenting the time and circumstances of each incontinence episode. RESULTS: The mean age of participants was 63.5 years; 16.9% were African American. Women with predominantly urge incontinence (n = 138) reported a daily frequency of 2.1 incontinent episodes. Although there was a statistically significant difference between Week 1 (2.4 episodes per day) and Week 2 (2.0 episodes per day; p < .0001), five days were necessary to obtain an internal consistency of .90 for Cronbach's alpha. Women with predominantly stress incontinence (n = 76) had no statistical difference between Week 1 and Week 2 in frequency of incontinence, reporting an average 2.2 accidents per week in Week 1 and 2.1 in Week 2. However, 7 days of bladder diary were required before adequate internal consistency was reached. CONCLUSION: Seven consecutive days of bladder diary provides a stable and reliable measurement of the frequency of incontinence episodes in community-dwelling women. 
Repeated measurement of ovarian steroids in saliva could provide an advantage in studies estimating long-term sex steroid exposure in premenopausal women, by reducing the measurement error associated with collection of serum or urine samples. We previously reported on characteristics of ultrasensitive RIAs adapted for extraction-free measurement of estradiol (E2) and progesterone (PG) in saliva. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the consistency of E2 and PG levels in saliva in the same women across menstrual cycles, and to compare this with the variation observed between women. We also evaluated the effect of altering the number of consecutive daily samples considered and the method for locating a particular cycle day in relation to ovulation (day 0). Study participants included 12 healthy women who provided daily saliva samples for two consecutive, ovulatory menstrual cycles. A single midluteal serum sample was collected 7-8 days after detection of a luteinizing hormone (LH) peak in urine. We plotted individual cycle profiles and computed intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) for various definitions of peak and cumulative daily hormone level. For peak PG, determined as the maximal running 3-day mean, ICC was 0.68. For cumulative PG, based on 8 consecutive cycle days (+2 to +9), ICCs were 0.72-0.76 when reverse dating LH peak or rise in salivary PG determined day 0. For E2, ICCs ranged from 0.74 to 0.79 by various dating methods for the 5 preovulatory days (-4-0), and from 0.85 to 0.92 for the 15 days about the center of the cycle (-6 to +8). With exclusion of just the first 5 days of the cycle, the ICC for E2 was 0.91. For both E2 and PG, selection of 5 or 7 days for the estimation of the midluteal mean level provided separation of within and between subject variance that was comparable with a LH-timed serum sample. These results indicate that daily saliva samples can be combined to clarify the interindividual differences in E2 and PG levels in premenopausal women, and that these interindividual differences may be greater than previously imagined.
Community-wide programs to collect blood for a research serum bank were carried out in Washington County, Maryland in 1974 and 1989. Of the 8395 persons who participated in both programs, 64 were controls in a nested case-control study of the association of antioxidant micronutrients with subsequent breast cancer, and 30 and 166 were controls in similar studies of lung and prostate cancer. Assay results for five carotenoids, two retinoids, and two tocopherols in samples of blood collected 15 years apart were thus available for comparisons of micronutrient concentrations. The mean Spearman rank order correlation coefficient for all comparisons was 0.44, with two coefficients greater than 0.60 and two less than 0.30. Blood pressure readings at the two blood collections had a mean rank order correlation coefficient of 0.46. Because blood pressure readings in 1974 were shown to be significantly predictive of atherosclerosis 15-18 years later, the present results suggest that ranked concentrations of antioxidant micronutrients from a single sample are sufficiently representative to be used as predictors of subsequent concentrations and are thus suitable for assessment as risk factors for subsequent illnesses.
BACKGROUND: Fractional flow reserve (FFR) and coronary blood flow velocity reserve (CFR) represent physiological quantities used to evaluate coronary lesion severity and to make clinical decisions. A comparison between the outcomes of both diagnostic techniques has not been performed in a large cohort of patients with intermediate coronary lesions. METHODS AND RESULTS: FFR and CFR were assessed in 126 consecutive patients with 150 intermediate coronary lesions (between 40% and 70% diameter stenosis by visual assessment). Agreement between outcomes of FFR and CFR, categorized at cut-off values of 0.75 and 2.0, respectively, was observed in 109 coronary lesions (73%), whereas discordant outcomes were present in 41 lesions (27%). In 26 of these 41 lesions, FFR was <0.75 and CFR>or=2.0 (group A); in the remaining 15 lesions, FFR was >or=0.75 and CFR<2.0 (group B). Minimum microvascular resistance, defined as the ratio of mean distal pressure to average peak blood flow velocity during maximum hyperemia, showed a large variability (overall range, 0.65 to 4.64 mm Hg x cm(-1) x s(-1)) and was significantly higher in group B than in group A (2.42+/-0.77 versus 1.91+/-0.70 mm Hg x cm(-1) x s(-1); P:=0.034). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings demonstrate the prominent role of microvascular resistance in modulating the relationship between FFR and CFR and emphasize the importance of combined pressure and flow velocity measurements to evaluate coronary lesion severity and microvascular involvement. 
BACKGROUND: Compensatory RBC production during repeated preoperative autologous blood donation (PABD) shows marked interindividual variability. This study was performed to reveal variables that might be useful to predict the amount of the erythropoietic response to PABD in an individual patient who was not iron deficient. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: In a retrospective study, 104 adult patients, 48 women and 56 men (mean age, 59.9 years; range, 18-82 years) who donated 3 units (450 mL) of autologous blood at weekly intervals for major surgery were investigated. Blood counts, ferritin, and net preoperative RBC production (net RBC production) were determined in all patients, and soluble transferrin receptor and endogenous levels of EPO, SCF, and IL-1beta were measured in 63 patients. Multiple linear regression analysis was used to determine whether the variance of net RBC production was attributable to baseline values of these variables. RESULTS: Net RBC production was not different in patients who received oral iron and patients who did not (384 +/- 222 mL vs. 356 +/- 158 mL). In both groups, the same two variables consistently showed a significant relationship to net RBC production: the length of the period between the third donation and the last visit was positively related (p = 0.00001 vs. p = 0.0002) and the Hct at baseline was negatively related (p = 0.0002 vs. p = 0.02) with net RBC production. The proportion of variance in net RBC production that was attributable to these two variables was 48.1 percent (r(2) = 0.481) and 34.9 percent (r(2) = 0.349), respectively. CONCLUSION: RBC production after PABD increases with increasing interval from last donation to surgery. This suggests that the interval from last donation to surgery should be maximized. This can be achieved by organizational measures in combination with the preparation of RBC concentrates in additive solution with a maximum shelf life. 
OBJECTIVES: Hyperhomocysteinemia is associated with premature cerebral, peripheral and coronary vascular disease. Evaluation of the significance of changes in plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) results obtained by analysis of serial specimens may be accomplished only by taking into account biologic (between-person and within-person) as well as analytical variation. Since the repeatability of a measurement significantly determines our ability to associate tHcy level with the presence of disease, this study was performed to evaluate various components of variation in tHcy values. DESIGN AND METHODS: We report the within-person, between-person, and methodological variability of tHcy, both fasting and postmethionine load (PML) values, in 20 healthy volunteers from whom samples were drawn weekly for 4 weeks. RESULTS: The short-term reliability coefficient (R) was 0.72 for fasting tHcy and 0.83 for PML tHcy. CONCLUSIONS: The current study demonstrates for the first time that the short-term reliability coefficient for PML tHcy is relatively high (0.83), suggesting that an individual's PML tHcy, like fasting tHcy, is relatively constant over at least one month, and that a single measurement should provide a reasonable characterization of an individual's PML tHcy concentration. 
The reasons for the intra- and interindividual variability in the clearance of valproic acid (VPA) have not been completely characterized. The aim of this study was to examine day-night changes in the clearance of 3-oxovalproate (3-oxo-VPA), 4-hydroxy-valproate (4-OH-VPA), and valproic acid glucuronides under steady state. Six diurnally active healthy male volunteers ingested 200 mg sodium valproate 12 hourly, at 0800 and 2000, for 28 days. On the last study day, two sequential 12-h urine samples were collected commencing at 2000 the evening before. Plasma samples were obtained at the end of each collection. Following alkaline hydrolysis, urine was analyzed for concentrations of VPA, 3-oxo-VPA, and 4-OH-VPA. A separate aliquot was assayed for creatinine (CR). The plasma concentrations of VPA, 3-oxo-VPA, 2-en-VPA, and CR were determined. The analysis of VPA and its metabolites was performed by GC-MS. There was an increase in plasma 3-oxo-VPA concentration at 0800, sampling as compared to 2000 sampling (p < .05). The urinary excretion of 3-oxo-VPA and VPA glucuronides were decreased between 2000 and 0800, compared to between 0800, and 2000, by 40% and 50% respectively (p < .05). These results indicate a nocturnal decrease in renal clearance of 3-oxo-VPA rather than a decrease in the beta-oxidation of VPA at night. These differences were not explained by differences between the sampling periods in CR excretion. These results indicate the importance of collecting samples of 24-h duration when studying metabolic profiles of VPA.
OBJECTIVE: To determine how well a spot urine sample of patients with active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) can predict 24-hour urinary pyridinoline and deoxypyridinoline excretion. METHODS: Urine samples of 11 hospitalized RA patients taken on 2 consecutive days at 8 a.m. and 4 p.m. were compared with samples from 24-hour collections (gold standard). High-performance liquid chromatography was used to measure the collagen crosslink concentrations. RESULTS: Sampling time was the only significant factor (repeated measurement ANOVA). Significant differences were found between morning and 24-hour samples and between morning and afternoon samples, but not between afternoon and 24-hour samples. CONCLUSIONS: Samples collected in the afternoon (4 p.m.) give the best approximation of 24-hour urinary pyridinoline excretion in patients with active rheumatoid arthritis. In longitudinal studies the sampling time should be fixed. 
Blood parasite prevalence based on microscopic examination of stained blood smears was determined in adults of 11 passerine bird species sampled during their breeding season (May and June 1997-98) in interior Alaska (USA). These species included primarily Nearctic migratory species such as the dark-eyed junco (Junco hyemalis) and neotropical migratory species such as the blackpoll warbler (Dendroica striata), alder flycatcher (Empidonax alnorum), Swainson's thrush (Catharus ustulatus), northern waterthrush (Seiurus noveboracensis), and bank swallow (Riparia riparia) as well as one long-distance palearctic migrant, the arctic warbler (Phylloscopus borealis). The more prevalent parasites were Leucocytozoon dubreuili (73% of the sampled turdinids), L. fringillinarum (42% of the sampled fringillids and parulids), and Trypanosoma avium (39% of the sampled hosts). Other parasites (H. fallisi: 18% of the sampled turdinids; Haemoproteus paruli: 14% of the sampled parulids; H. fringillae: 5% of the sampled fringillids; microfilariae: 4% of the sampled hosts) were observed less frequently. Plasmodium vaughani was found only in two yellow warblers (Dendroica petechia). Overall parasite prevalence varied between 0% in the alder flycatcher to >80% in Swainson's thrush, arctic warbler, and Townsend's warbler (Dendroica townsendi). Prevalence of various hematozoa also was bird species-dependent. No relationship was observed between prevalence and either foraging (aerial versus trees/shrubs) or nesting habits (ground versus arboreal) or general location of the wintering area of the different species examined. Prevalence also was unrelated to average dates of arrival on breeding grounds and, therefore, to potential duration of exposure to local insect vectors before capture. Differences in blood parasite prevalence among species breeding in a same region and in the same type of habitat may result from differences in host specificity such as immunological resistance to infection or blood meal preference by potential vectors and/or in behavioral adjustments/physiological traits that alter exposure to vectors.
We have previously shown that graft blood flow (Qa) has a poor accuracy in predicting graft thrombosis. In this study, we determined whether hemodynamic variation helps explain this poor predictive accuracy. We also determined whether standardized timing of Qa measurements, which is widely recommended, will promote measurement reproducibility. We analyzed variations in mean arterial pressure (MAP) in seven consecutive dialysis sessions for 51 patients and determined the influence of MAP on Qa (by ultrasound dilution). We used a pooled coefficient of variation (CV) to summarize MAP variation within individual patients (computed as +/-2 CVs). MAPs from the seven sessions varied widely, and most variation was present with the first MAPs at the beginning of the sessions. These first MAPs varied by +/-23%, whereas variation for the entire session was +/-28%. The influence of MAP on Qa was determined by measuring the two together during consecutive thirds of a single session. The percentage of change in MAP (DeltaMAP) and Qa (DeltaQa) from the first to middle or last thirds of the session varied over wide ranges: -37% to 86% and -43% to 78%, respectively. The DeltaQa versus DeltaMAP correlation was relatively strong for changes between the first and middle thirds (r = 0.666) and first and last thirds (r = 0.646) of the session (both P: < 0.01). We conclude that MAP varies far more widely during dialysis than previously recognized. This variation is associated with large changes in Qa that may impair accuracy in predicting thrombosis. This wide MAP variation also indicates hemodynamic reproducibility is not feasible when measuring Qa. Thus, we do not recommend standardized timing of Qa measurements during dialysis. A practical method of addressing poor Qa reproducibility may be to take frequent measurements so that trends can be recognized before thrombosis occurs.
We assessed the reproducibility of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) reverse transcriptase (RT) and protease sequencing using cryopreserved plasma aliquots obtained from 46 heavily treated HIV-1-infected individuals in two laboratories using dideoxynucleotide sequencing. The rates of complete sequence concordance between the two laboratories were 99.1% for the protease sequence and 99.0% for the RT sequence. Approximately 90% of the discordances were partial, defined as one laboratory detecting a mixture and the second laboratory detecting only one of the mixture's components. Only 0.1% of the nucleotides were completely discordant between the two laboratories, and these were significantly more likely to occur in plasma samples with lower plasma HIV-1 RNA levels. Nucleotide mixtures were detected at approximately 1% of the nucleotide positions, and in every case in which one laboratory detected a mixture, the second laboratory either detected the same mixture or detected one of the mixture's components. The high rate of concordance in detecting mixtures and the fact that most discordances between the two laboratories were partial suggest that most discordances were caused by variation in sampling of the HIV-1 quasispecies by PCR rather than by technical errors in the sequencing process itself.
The development of in vitro methods for the identification of skin sensitizers based upon analysis of Langerhans cell (LC) function has been constrained by the fact that these cells represent only a minority population in the skin that, once isolated, alter their phenotype spontaneously and rapidly. Methods have been developed recently that allow the expansion in culture using appropriate cytokine conditions of LC-like dendritic cells (DCs) from certain tissues, including human peripheral blood. It has been demonstrated that culture of human blood-derived LC-like cells with selected potent contact allergens such as 2,4-dinitrofluorobenzene (DNFB) stimulates selective phenotypic changes, including the up-regulation of interleukin 1 beta (IL-1 beta) mRNA expression, under conditions where skin irritants are without effect. However, in our own previous investigations, we have observed that there appear to be differences between blood donors with respect to the responsiveness of DCs to DNFB-induced changes in IL-1 beta expression, differences that could compromise the utility of this approach as a screening method for contact allergens. We have therefore investigated donor variability in DC responsiveness to a panel of known human contact allergens (DNFB; paraphenylene diamine, PPD; methyl- chloroisothiazolinone/methylisothiazolinone, CMIT), to the skin irritant benzalkonium chloride and to the mitogen phorbol myristate acetate (PMA). Dendritic cells derived from all donors expressed IL-1 beta mRNA constitutively. Treatment of DCs isolated from donors with a responder phenotype to DNFB with PPD or CMIT resulted also in up-regulation of IL-1 beta mRNA expression, although such changes were always comparatively modest, generally resulting in a twofold induction compared with vehicle-treated controls. Dendritic cells derived from donors with a non-responder phenotype to DNFB failed also to respond to these additional contact allergens under conditions where the mitogen PMA caused similar increases in IL-1 beta expression to those observed for allergen-responsive donors. Benzalkonium chloride failed to provoke changes in the expression of this cytokine in any donor examined, irrespective of their responder phenotype. The temporal stability of the responder/non-responder DC phenotype was confirmed, with stable phenotypes with respect to DNFB-induced changes in IL-1 beta mRNA expression observed over a period of some 18 months. Fifty per cent (6/12) of donors tested over this period displayed a responder phenotype. These data demonstrate that chemical allergens do stimulate consistent changes in IL-1 beta mRNA expression in the proportion of donors who have a responsive phenotype, and that such responses are apparently selective for allergen using the relatively narrow range of materials assessed to date. However, the modest response to very strong contact allergens, coupled with the difficulties of responder/non-responder phenotypes, means that in its present form this approach does not lend itself to the routine assessment of skin sensitizing activity.
Blood-brain ratios (BBR) of phenylalanine (Phe) were determined by quantitative in vivo 1H magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS) in 17 adult patients with early-treated phenylketonuria who were randomly selected from a sample of 75 adults. Measurements were performed in all patients during steady-state conditions. The BBR showed a unimodal distribution with a mean of 4.0 (range 3.3 to 4.5). Blood-brain ratios were comparable for subgroups of patients with genotypes classified as severe, moderate, or mild and for patients on different types of diets. Brain Phe concentrations showed a strong linear correlation with blood Phe values (r = 0.93, P < 0.001). There were no saturation effects for blood Phe values up to 1.8 mmol/L, and a local regression analysis did not confirm increasing BBR for increasing blood Phe values. The intellectual outcome (Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale) was correlated with long-term dietary control (r = -0.65, P < 0.05), fluctuation of blood Phe values during treatment (r = -0.60, P < 0.05), and concurrent blood and brain Phe concentration. The severity of white matter changes visible on magnetic resonance images (MRI) was increased with high blood and brain Phe concentrations but failed to reach statistical significance. No correlation was found between BBR values, intelligence quotient, and MRI grade. Based on the assumption that BBR show intraindividual stability, the current data do not support the hypothesis that blood-brain barrier transport of Phe is a key explanatory factor for outcome variability in the vast majority of "typical" patients with phenylketonuria.
OBJECTIVE: Diet is an important determinant of health outcomes, but physicians have few ways to identify persons with suboptimal diets. The purposes of this study were to examine the reproducibility of a short dietary assessment questionnaire (PrimeScreen) and to compare its results with those of a longer food frequency questionnaire and with plasma levels of selected nutrients. DESIGN: Each subject completed two PrimeScreen questionnaires at an interval of 2 weeks and one full length, 131-item, semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire (SFFQ), and had a sample of blood drawn. We compared the PrimeScreen with two reference standards, the SFFQ and plasma levels of selected nutrients. SETTING: A large managed care organization in New England. SUBJECTS: A total of 160 men and women, aged 19-65 years, participated. RESULTS: For foods and food groups, the mean correlation coefficient (r) was 0.70 for reproducibility and 0.61 for comparability with the SFFQ. For nutrients, the mean r was 0.74 for reproducibility and 0.60 for comparability with the SFFQ. No substantial differences were evident by sex, race, body mass index, occupation or education. Correlation coefficients for the comparison of vitamin E, beta-carotene and lutein/zeaxanthin intakes from the PrimeScreen with plasma levels were 0.33, 0.43 and 0.43, respectively. These values were similar to those comparing the SFFQ with plasma levels. The median time to complete PrimeScreen was 5 min; 87% of participants required fewer than 10 min. CONCLUSIONS: A quick way to assess quality of diet among adults, PrimeScreen has adequate reproducibility and its results compare well with a longer food frequency questionnaire and biomarkers. 
Urine analysis is affected significantly by biological variability. The objective of this study was to study the feasibility of reducing the biological variability of excretion of various analytes in urine, especially albumin in children with diabetes, by mixing small volumes of early morning samples. Twenty-two male children with type 1 diabetes collected early morning aliquots of approximately 10 ml of urine on 3 consecutive days and kept them refrigerated in sealed containers. The urine collection was repeated every 4-6 months in the diabetic children. Ten normal children and 10 normal adults participated as controls. The specimens were analyzed individually and as mixed samples for each subject. Mixing the 3 urine samples before analysis decreased the biological variability of all urine assays (albumin, glucose, creatinine, total protein, potassium). The diabetic children had 3 times higher variability of urine albumin (as a ratio to creatinine) compared to normal children, when the urine samples were collected individually (61% vs 19%, respectively). The variability in the diabetic children decreased when the 3 specimens were analyzed as a single sample after mixing, especially when urine albumin was expressed as a ratio to creatinine. Blood glycated hemoglobin levels correlated better with urine glucose levels when 3 urine samples were mixed before analysis.
Small differences in levels of certain haemostatic components may be clinically significant. It is important therefore to eliminate potential sources of confounding variability. This study investigated the effect of removing tourniquet pressure prior to sample collection on plasma fibrinogen levels, platelet P-selectin and monocyte tissue factor expression. Blood was collected from the right arm under maintained tourniquet pressure and from the left arm following the release of pressure once the vein was sufficiently inflated for insertion of a needle. Whole blood was labelled within one hour of venepuncture to allow analysis of platelet P-selectin and monocyte tissue factor by flow cytometry. Plasma fibrinogen levels were analysed in samples stored at -70 degrees C, for all individuals at the end of the study using a method based on the Clauss technique. Intra-individual variability for each of the components was assessed by collecting samples under tourniquet pressure from four individuals on the same day on three consecutive weeks. Intra-individual variations were greater than assay CVs for all three components. There were no significant differences between the two tourniquet methods of collection for fibrinogen, P-selectin or tissue factor. In conclusion, there is no reason not to use a tourniquet during collection of blood for analysis of plasma fibrinogen, platelet P-selectin or monocyte tissue factor.
INTRODUCTION: Peripheral blood pressure measurements play a prominent role in the diagnosis and follow-up of patients with peripheral vascular diseases. Toe pressure of the hallux (TP1) and second toe (TP2) and transcutaneous oxygen pressure (TCPO2) measurements are becoming more important. The ankle/brachial pressure index (ABPI) is known to be a reliable parameter, but the toe pressure and TCPO2 are evaluated less thoroughly. Therefore, we evaluated the reproducibility of TP1, TP2, TCPO2, ABPI, ankle pressure (AP), and brachial pressure (BP). PATIENTS AND METHODS: In 54 patients with various stages of peripheral vascular disease, the intraobserver and interobserver reproducibility of BP, AP, ABPI, TP1, TP2, and TCPO2 was investigated by calculating the repeatability coefficient (RC) and the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) and by using Bland-Altman plots. RESULTS: The intraobserver and interobserver reproducibility at 1 day and after 1 week of BP, AP, ABPI, and TP1 was substantial and comparable (ICC range, 0.80-0.99), except for the BP after 1 week. The TP2 and TCPO2 were less reproducible (ICC range, 0.62-0.98). The interobserver RC of BP was 31 mm Hg; of AP, 44 mm Hg; of ABPI, 27%; of TP1, 41 mm Hg; of TP2, 67 mm Hg; and of TCPO2; 30 mm Hg. The difference plot showed that the observer variability was equally distributed across the range of pressure in all measurements. CONCLUSION: The BP, AP, ABPI, and TP1 have a substantial intraobserver and interobserver reproducibility, whereas TP2 and TCPO2 show worse reproducibility. Especially when low values (or values around a cutoff value) are measured, the RC should be taken into account, and repetition of the measurement is advocated. 
OBJECTIVE: To describe the magnitude and variability of sequential serum estradiol and progesterone concentrations throughout one depot medroxyprogesterone (DMPA) injection interval. DESIGN: Prospective study. SETTING: Family planning and women's health clinics. PATIENT(S): Thirty-one women, ages 19 to 46, using DMPA for contraception. INTERVENTION(S): Serum for estrogen and progesterone was collected weekly throughout one DMPA injection interval. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Serum estradiol and progesterone concentrations; estradiol patterns produced from data plotted across the entire DMPA injection interval. RESULT(S): The average daily estradiol concentrations ranged from 7.9 to 69.1 pg/mL, with a mean of 18.9 +/- 12.9 and a median of 15.4 pg/mL. Average daily progesterone concentrations ranged from 0.14 to 1.1 ng/mL, with a mean of 0.40 +/- 0.19 ng/mL and a median of 0.36 ng/mL. Two general patterns of estradiol concentrations were identified. One pattern, observed in approximately one third of the participants, reflected estradiol concentrations that were extremely low (mean, 12.7 +/- 3.6 pg/mL; median, 13.4 pg/mL) and consistently flat across the DMPA injection interval. The second pattern, seen in the remaining participants, reflected estradiol concentrations that were higher (mean, 22.2 +/- 14.9 pg/mL; median, 17.3 pg/mL) and quite variable. CONCLUSION(S): This study demonstrated that estradiol concentrations were lower than the 40 to 50 pg/mL reported in most studies and, for the majority of women, varied substantially across the DMPA injection interval. 
OBJECTIVE: To compare power spectral derived variability parameters from the fetal side of the placental circulation with those from the maternal side of the placental circulation, during early pregnancy. METHODS: Doppler velocity waveforms were obtained from both the umbilical and the uterine arteries in a study group of 40 pregnant women between 10 and 14 (n = 25) and 15 and 20 (n = 15) weeks of gestation. The coefficient of variation of both the beat-to-beat heart rate variability and the blood flow velocity variability was determined. The ratio of the integrated low-frequency components (< 0.2 Hz) and the integrated high-frequency components (> 0.2 Hz) from normalized power spectrum analysis (LH-ratio) was established, to reflect sympathovagal balance. RESULTS: The coefficient of variation and LH-ratio of fetal heart rate variability constitute only a fraction of the same maternal heart rate variability parameters. Nevertheless a highly significant increase (P < 0.001) in LH-ratio was demonstrated with advancing gestational age. The coefficient of variation and LH-ratio of blood flow velocity variability were significantly lower in the fetal umbilical artery only in the 10-14-weeks' gestation group. Due to a decrease of the maternal uterine blood flow velocity variability parameters with advancing gestational age, statistically equal fetal and maternal values for coefficient of variation and LH-ratio were found in the 15-20 weeks' gestation group. CONCLUSIONS: The increase in LH-ratio of fetal heart rate variability indicates functional development of the fetal autonomic nervous system at 15-20 weeks' gestation. The umbilical blood flow velocity variability may be secondary to maternal uterine arterial flow variability rather than due to primary changes in fetal cardiovascular function. 
Clough et al. (1997) reported that 95% of lactate values obtained using an Accusport analyser may be up to 2.6 mM below or 2.1 mM above YSI 2300 analyser values over the range 0-16 mM. This variability is substantial and unsuitable for research purposes, The objectives of this study were to re-examine the specific validity and reliability of an Accusport analyser and to develop a regression equation to improve the accuracy of Accusport measurements. Duplicate measurements of lactate concentration were made on both an Accusport (Boehringer Mannheim) and Analox LM3 Multi Channel analyser on 17 blood samples taken from two subjects performing a discontinuous incremental exercise protocol. Analysis of duplicate measurements revealed good test-retest reliability for Accusport (TEM 0.35 mM; SEM 0.24 mM; ICC r = 0.995) and Analox (TEM 0.07 mM; SEM 0.09 mM; ICC r = 0.999). The mean values for duplicate samples recorded on both the Accusport and Analox between the lactate range of 1-13 mM revealed an average difference between the two analysers of 1.7 mM (P< 0.01, range 1.0-2.9 mM) but values demonstrated a high level of association (ICC r = 0.853; P< 0.05). The level of agreement indicated that in 95% of cases the differences would lie between + 0.5 to + 3.0 mM with the Accusport values always higher than Analox. Linear regression analysis calculated the following equation to predict Analox values from Accusport values: Analox = -0.749 + 0.837Accusport (R2 = 0.990). The results showed the portable Accusport analyser to be reliable and it demonstrated good association with Analox LM3 lactate analyser measures. However, a need exists to develop specifically generated regressions from Accusport and Analox LM3 analyser measures to provide more accurate results when interpreting lactate values from Accusport measures taken in the field.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the intraobserver repeatability of Doppler measurements of uterine artery blood flow velocity and the contribution of various factors to within-subject variance. DESIGN: Seventeen healthy premenopausal women underwent vaginal Doppler ultrasound examination of the uterine artery by the same observer. Three measurements were taken at each of three sites: 1) the currently recommended sampling site; 2) the ascending branch of the uterine artery at a level between the lower and middle third of the corpus uteri; 3) 1.5 cm lateral to the recommended sampling site. Three measurements were taken at each site. For each measurement, three uniform consecutive cardiac cycles were analyzed. Peak systolic velocity, time-averaged maximum velocity, and pulsatility index were calculated. Each Doppler shift spectrum was analyzed twice. Thus, for each women, 18 measurement results per sampling site were obtained. Analysis of variance was used. RESULTS: The effect of sampling site on measurements of peak systolic velocity and time-averaged maximum velocity was non-significant, but pulsatility index values obtained at the distal sampling site were slightly higher than those obtained at the other sites (P = 0.01). Repetition accounted for most of the within-subject variance. Averaging the results of the three repeat measurements yielded increased intraclass correlation coefficients: 0.79-0.89 for peak systolic velocity, 0.80-0.92 for time-averaged maximum velocity and 0.86-0.93 for pulsatility index. CONCLUSION: As the effect of repetition on the results of Doppler measurements of uterine artery blood flow velocity is large, the average of several repeat measurements should be used to enhance measurement reproducibility. However, it is not worth doing more than one analysis of a Doppler shift spectrum, and it is not worth analyzing more than one cardiac cycle per spectrum. 
BACKGROUND: To assess the concordance of homeless women's self-reported drug use with objective data. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether objective data (e.g., hair assays) are necessary supplements to self reports in assessing homeless women's cocaine use. METHOD: Self reports of cocaine use by 1,037 homeless women were compared to objective data based on radioimmunoassay of hair; independent correlates of cocaine use and underreporting were assessed using logistic regression. RESULTS: Forty-two percent of the women self-reported cocaine use in the past 6 months, whereas 49% had positive hair assays. Over 25% underreported cocaine use; however, underreporting decreased as hair cocaine levels increased. Predictors of underreporting included being Latino, younger and living primarily in shelters. Nevertheless, independent predictors of self-reported cocaine use and positive hair assays were identical. CONCLUSION: Homeless women's self-reports of cocaine use are fairly accurate. Objective data are particularly critical for assessing cocaine use among subgroups who are fearful of sanctions or use cocaine relatively infrequently or in smaller amounts. 
This study examines the reproducibility of gastro-intestinal blood flow measurements in the superior mesenteric artery (SMA) both before and immediately after exercise with Doppler ultrasound measurements. Twelve well-trained males (mean +/- SD: age 25.9 +/- 3.8 yr; VO2max 4.8 +/- 0.91 x min(-1)) were measured twice (trial 1 and 2) with a 1 week interval before and immediately after 1 hr cycling at 70% VO2max. Duplex scanning was performed with the athletes in supine position immediately after transition from a chair (before exercise) or bicycle (after exercise). The variability of three measurements before exercise was studied within both trials (short-term reproducibility) and the mean pre-exercise values were compared between the trials (long-term reproducibility). In addition, post-exercise measurements were compared in the same way. Reproducibility was tested using the coefficient of variation and Cronbach's alpha. Mean pre-exercise blood flow was 424 +/- 66 ml/min (n = 12) in trial 1 and 375 +/- 38 ml/min (n = 11) in trial 2. Immediately after exercise blood flow had decreased by 49% to 214 +/- 36 ml/min (p <0.01) in trial 1 and by 38% to 234 +/- 36 ml/min (p < 0.01) in trial 2. Blood flow before and after exercise was not significantly different between trials (paired t-test) and therefore reproducible at the group level. Before exercise a good to fair reproducibility was observed both at the short-term (Cronbach's alpha: 0.88 in trial 1, 0.73 in trial 2, n = 11), and at the long-term (alpha = 0.80, n= 11). In contrast, long-term reproducibility immediately after exercise was poor (alpha = -0.99, n = 8 and alpha = 0.36, n = 7 after the first and second cycling period, respectively). In conclusion, duplex scanning of SMA after a sitting-supine transition in well-trained subjects is not a reproducible method at the individual level for intestinal blood flow measurements immediately after exercise.
OBJECTIVE: Brassica vegetable consumption (e.g. broccoli) leads to excretion of isothiocyanates (ITC) in urine. We evaluated the consistency of ITC as a biomarker for dietary Brassica vegetable consumption across the types of vegetables and methods of preparation used in Western societies, and across consumption levels. DESIGN: A single-armed behavioural intervention with duplicate baseline assessment and post-intervention assessment. Urinary ITC excretion and estrogen metabolites were measured from 24-hour urine samples. Dietary intake was measured by a 24-hour recall. SETTING: The behavioural intervention facilitated daily Brassica intake among participants by providing peer support, food preparation instruction, guided practice in a teaching kitchen, and other information. SUBJECTS: Thirty-four healthy free-living postmenopausal women who recently had a negative screening mammogram at the University of Massachusetts Medical Center. RESULTS: Urinary ITC excretion and total Brassica intake followed the same pattern over the intervention. The ITC biomarker significantly predicted Brassica intake when Brassica consumption averaged about 100 g day-1, but not when Brassica consumption averaged about 200 g day-1. Urinary ITC levels were somewhat higher when more raw vegetables were consumed as compared to lightly cooked vegetables, while the types of Brassica consumed appeared to have only a small, non-significant effect on urinary ITC levels. CONCLUSION: Urinary ITC excretion would be a good exposure biomarker among populations regularly consuming a vegetable serving/day, but may be less accurate among populations with greater intake levels or a wide range of cooking practices. 
Phytosterols are plant sterols that are structurally similar to cholesterol and are characterized by anti-carcinogenic and anti-atherogenic properties. Beta-sitosterol and campesterol are the predominant phytosterols in blood. The present study aimed to analyse the reproducibility and overtime reliability of plasma beta-sitosterol and campesterol measurements. In order to study the reproducibility of the measurement (technical variability), three healthy premenopausal women donated a sample of their blood. Each blood sample was subdivided into six aliquots and analysed within the same run by the same laboratory technician. The intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) of the assay for plasma beta-sitosterol and campesterol were 0.88 and 0.94 (95% confidence intervals low bounds (95% CI(low)) were 0.66 and 0.82), respectively. To study the reliability of beta-sitosterol and campesterol measurement over time, seven premenopausal women were recruited. Over a 6-month period, each woman provided a fasting blood sample once a month at the same time of day, and the same numerical day of the luteal phase of her menstrual cycle (between the 20th and 24th day of her menstrual cycle). All plasma samples from the same individual were processed together at the same time by the same technician at the end of the 6-month period. The overtime ICCs of plasma beta-sitosterol and campesterol were 0.91 (95% CI(low) 0.49) and 0.58 (95% CI(low) 0.31), respectively. The high reproducibility and good overtime reliability of plasma beta-sitosterol and campesterol measurements indicate that they may be suitable for potential clinical and population-based studies on cancer prevention.
In large-scale epidemiological studies on endogenous sex steroids and cancer risk, direct immunoassays of circulating hormone levels have the advantage of being fast and comparatively inexpensive while requiring only small sample volumes. On the other hand, indirect assays after organic extraction and chromatographic prepurification have the advantage of reducing specific interferences and matrix effects and hence are thought to have better validity. We compared direct assays of testosterone (T, six different assays), Delta4-androstenedione (A, four assays), estrone (E(1), one assay), and 17beta-estradiol (E(2), five assays) with measurements obtained by an indirect assay in a representative subset of 20 postmenopausal women who were part of a large prospective cohort study. Within-batch reproducibilities of the subject rankings by relative hormone levels were good (intraclass correlations >0.89) for all direct assays tested. Between batches, reproducibilities generally were also acceptable (r > 0.80) to good (r > 0.90) in terms of Pearson's correlations. The between-batch reproducibility in terms of intraclass correlations was systematically lower in terms of Pearson's correlations, however, because of between-batch variations in the absolute scale of measurements. The relative validity of direct versus indirect assays in terms of the subjects' ranking by relative hormone levels was also high for most of the kits tested for T, A, and E(1) (Pearson's correlations between 0.70 and 0.89) but was high for only two kits of five tested for E(2) (correlations of 0.86 and 0.84). On an absolute scale, mean measurement values were generally higher for direct assays than for the indirect assay and, for each hormone, varied substantially, depending on the kit used. Overall, the results of this study show that, with careful selection, commercial kits for direct radioimmunoassays of steroid hormones in postmenopausal serum can be found that may allow a reliable estimation of relative risks in epidemiological studies. However, standardization of the absolute scale of assays remains problematic.
The purpose of this study was to determine if the results obtained in platelet function tests and whole blood perfusions are associated with those in platelet function analyser (PFA)-100. We used collagen type I monomers and fibrils to analyse the distinct roles of glycoprotein (GP) Ia/IIa and other collagen receptors in flowing blood under a high shear rate (1600/s) and in aggregation studies. Also, anticoagulation [citrate vs. D-phenylalanyl-1-prolyl-1 arginine chloromethyl ketone (PPACK)] was varied to enhance the functions of GP Ia/IIa, since it has been shown that the cation-poor environment of citrated blood impairs GP Ia/IIa-dependent platelet recruitment. Large interindividual variability (45-fold) was detected in deposition of platelets in whole blood perfusions over collagen monomers, whereas this variation was only fourfold in fibrils. In PFA, this variation was reduced to 2.5-fold. However, platelet deposition on monomers is associated with epinephrine-enhanced PFA (r=-.49, P<.03), whereas platelet deposition on fibrils is correlated with adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-enhanced PFA (r=-.47, P<.05), suggesting a distinct synergism between epinephrine and monomers (GP Ia/IIa) as well as ADP with fibrils (other collagen receptors). Donors with 807 C/C polymorphism of GP Ia (n=14) had longer lag phase in aggregation experiments compared with C/T (n=7) both by monomers and fibrils (P<.04), but these polymorphisms with their mild impact on GP Ia/IIa activity did not markedly differ in other tests. In conclusion, the results obtained in perfusion studies and PFA experiments correlated, but PFA fails to reveal the large-scale variability related to collagen-induced platelet responses.
Dysfunction of the sympathetic nervous system might play an important role in disturbed 24h blood pressure regulation in transgenic hypertensive TGR (mREN2)27 (TGR) rats. Our study was performed to determine possible differences in activity of the sympathetic nervous system in TGR rats in comparison to their normotensive Sprague-Dawley (SPRD) controls; we measured plasma catecholamine and angiotensin concentrations throughout 24h under synchronized light-dark 12h:12H (LD 12:12) conditions. In the TGR rat strain, rhythms of plasma catecholamines were blunted, and the concentrations were significantly decreased. In addition, TGR rats showed increased plasma angiotensin I and II concentrations without any significant rhythm. An impaired autonomic regulation was confirmed by monitoring heart rate variability in TGR rats. Data showed that the TGR rat strain is characterized by a reduction in plasma catecholamines and an increase in angiotensin peptides. At present, it is not clear whether the reduction in catecholamines represents a decrease in sympathetic tone mediated by baroreflex activation or an increased catecholamine turnover induced by elevated angiotensin II. However, the blunted, but normally phased, rhythms in plasma catecholamines in TGR rats make it unlikely that the sympathetic nervous system is mainly responsible for the inverse circadian blood pressure rhythm in the transgenic strain.
Nelfinavir has been recently approved as a twice-daily (BID) dose regimen, but no evaluation of the influence of this regimen change on patients' protease inhibitor exposure has been published. The aim of this study was to compare trough plasma concentrations of nelfinavir obtained under the 1250-mg b.i.d regimen with the levels achieved with the original 750-mg three-times-daily (TID) regimen in 56 HIV-infected patients. Blood samples were obtained at steady state before the morning dose of nelfinavir. Plasma levels were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography. Eleven and 45 patients were following TID and BID regimens, respectively. Trough concentrations ranged from 0.14 to 11.74 mg/L and from 0.36 to 10.57 mg/L under TID and BID regimens, respectively. Large interpatient (coefficient of variation: 153%) and modest intrapatient (45%) variabilities of nelfinavir levels were observed. Twenty-one patients (38%) and six patients (11%) had levels above and below, respectively, the trough nelfinavir range (1.0--3.0 mg/L) recommended by the manufacturer. Trough levels are not affected by the dosing regimen; they mainly reflect the important interindividual variability, while remaining fairly stable over time. Many subjects had plasma levels repeatedly outside the assumed therapeutic range. Dose adjustment based on therapeutic drug monitoring may contribute to optimizing antiretroviral therapy.
OBJECTIVES: Previous studies on therapeutic interventions in sepsis have assumed stability of the measure of splanchnic blood flow throughout the study. We assessed the variability of splanchnic blood flow during stable global hemodynamics in eight patients with sepsis requiring treatment with dobutamine and/or norepinephrine. DESIGN AND SETTING: Prospective clinical study in an intensive care unit of a university hospital. MEASUREMENTS AND RESULTS: Global and regional hemodynamics were measured at baseline, 2 h later, and 4 h later. Cardiac output was measured by transpulmonary thermodilution, intrathoracic blood volume as an indicator of cardiac preload, and total blood volume by the double indicator (thermo-dye) dilution technique. Total body oxygen consumption was assessed by indirect calorimetry using a metabolic cart. Splanchnic blood flow was measured by the continuous indocyanine green method, and gastric mucosal CO2 tension by gas tonometry. Neither absolute nor fractional splanchnic blood flow (as ratio of cardiac output) revealed significant global tendencies during the study period. However, variance component analysis showed that splanchnic blood flow determinations varied considerably within patients, for repeated measurements at 5-min intervals (standard error 31.1%) as well as for average values at 2-h intervals (25.6%). CONCLUSION: Stable global hemodynamics during a 4-h period in septic patients does not exclude marked changes in splanchnic blood measured by a hepatic venous catheter technique. 
OBJECTIVE: Given the paucity of studies that have examined variability in biological measures of exposure to workplace contaminants, we quantified the intra- and inter-individual sources of variation in urinary levels of mandelic acid (MA) and phenylglyoxylic acid (PGA) among workers exposed to styrene. A secondary objective was to examine effects of job task and the timing of sampling during the workweek on the variation in workers' urinary styrene metabolite levels. METHODS: As part of routine biological monitoring, a total of 1,714 measurements of MA and PGA collected from 331 workers between 1985 and 1999 from eight reinforced-plastics plants were abstracted from laboratory reports. To evaluate sources of variation in levels of urinary styrene metabolites, we applied random-effects models. The influence of job task and day of sampling on metabolite levels was examined using mixed-effects models. RESULTS: PGA levels were characterized by less variation than levels of MA, as were metabolite levels expressed in terms of urinary creatinine concentration. The relative magnitude of the inter-individual to the intra-individual source of variation was generally higher for post-shift urine samples than for pre-shift urine samples. As expected, urinary metabolite levels were highest for laminators and for samples collected at the latter end of the workweek. Owing to the effects of variation from day-to-day, estimates of workers' exposures that rely on single measurements would generally perform poorly in a regression analysis designed to examine effects resulting from chronic exposure. However, the bias in an observed slope coefficient would be diminished if a second or third urine sample were collected. CONCLUSIONS: Quantification of the intra- and inter-individual sources of variation provides useful information that can be used to design optimal sampling strategies, which would allow for the collection of sufficient data to estimate workers' exposures reliably when evaluating health risks associated with occupational contaminants. 
The article presents data concerning the osmolality and concentration of electrolytes and hormones regulating their balance for blood serum of 223 cosmonauts and astronauts. The obtained results allow us to judge the constancy of physicochemical parameters for the blood serum of healthy individuals and how they react to extreme conditions of space flight. The parameters used for evaluation included not just absolute values for the examined indices, but also how they responded to space flight, the dependence on baseline values and the interrelationship between ions. These data are important to predict the effect of exposure to extreme conditions and point to what extent the effect depends on the characteristics of the individual.
A major concern of centralized anticoagulant measurements with off-site sampling is the reliability of international normalized ratio (INR) determinations on blood that may have been taken from the patient hours before the analysis. We compared INR differences in the blood of patients receiving oral anticoagulants after 24 h storage in four conditions: centrifuged at room temperature, centrifuged at 4 degrees C, uncentrifuged at room temperature and uncentrifuged at 4 degrees C. The INR of centrifuged and uncentrifuged blood left at room temperature for 24 h consistently increased by 6% and, after adjustment, there were no misclassifications in the assessment of the adequacy of anticoagulant treatment. Inconsistent changes were noted in tests of refrigerated centrifuged blood. We conclude that storage of blood at room temperature for 24 h results in a consistent prolongation of the prothrombin time, which after correction can reliably be used to adjust the dose of oral anticoagulants.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The recently developed transcerebral double-indicator dilution technique has proven to be a feasible monitoring alternative to measure global cerebral blood flow at the bedside. However, the short-term repeatability of transcerebral double-indicator dilution measurements has not yet been investigated. The present study was designed to investigate the accuracy in terms of reliability for repeated transcerebral double-indicator dilution measurements to assess global cerebral blood flow during a definite carbon dioxide challenge in a clinical trial. METHODS: The investigation was performed in 10 patients scheduled for elective coronary artery bypass grafting. After induction of anaesthesia, repeated cerebral blood flow measurements using transcerebral double-indicator dilution were performed during target normocapnia, hypocapnia and hypercapnia. For transcerebral double-indicator dilution measurements, a bolus injection of ice-cold indocyanine green was administered into a central vein. The resulting thermal dye dilution curves were recorded simultaneously in the aorta and the jugular bulb using combined fibreoptic thermistor catheters. Cerebral blood flow was calculated from the mean transit times of the indicators through the brain. Additionally, transcranial Doppler sonography was simultaneously performed to measure transient changes in the cerebral blood flow velocity. RESULTS: Transcerebral double-indicator dilution measurements revealed a reasonable coefficient of repeatability with 9.1, 9.7 and 20.2 mL min-1 100 g-1 during normo-, hypo- and hypercapnic conditions, respectively. However, a total of 20% of the administered measurements had to be rejected for methodological reasons. CONCLUSIONS: Repeated measurements with the transcerebral double-indicator dilution method show a reasonable repeatability. With consideration to the limitations of the transcerebral double-indicator dilution technique, this new method proves to be a reliable monitoring tool to measure global cerebral blood flow at the bedside. 
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate whether the effect of learning and the reproducibility of measurements varied between the two methods of application (hand-held or slit-lamp mounted) of the ocular blood flow (OBF) tonometer. METHOD: Five consecutive measurements by each method were taken at one examination session on one eye of 35 healthy adults (mean age 36.6 years and range 17-84 years). The subjects were seated for all measures and the sequence of tonometer method was randomised between subjects. RESULTS: A new operator does exhibit a significant learning effect and this learning effect is of a greater magnitude for the hand-held technique. No significant difference was found between methods for pulsatile ocular blood flow (POBF), IOP, pulse amplitude and heart rate. Both methods of application had a high coefficient of reliability for POBF: 0.91 for slit-lamp and 0.89 for hand-held. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that results from both methods of OBF tonometer application are reliable and either method can be used for clinical and research studies. However it is important that new operators gain sufficient experience with the OBF tonometer to avoid initial operator-induced variability. 
Exposure to aflatoxin B1 (AFB1), an important cofactor in the etiology of hepatocellular carcinoma in Taiwan, is influenced by dietary and other factors. The present study examined the intraindividual variability in AFB1-albumin adducts, the most reliable long-term biomarker of AFB1 exposure, and whether the baseline or follow-up adduct levels and the intraindividual variability in adduct levels are modified by endogenous and environmental factors. The study measured AFB1-albumin adduct levels among 264 healthy male residents of three townships (Hu-Hsi, Ma-Kung, and Pai-Hsa) of Penghu Islets, Taiwan, at two different time points with a median interval of 1.68 years (range 1.00-3.17 years). There was a generalized reduction in the adduct levels, with the median values being 22.1 pmol/mg (range 5.0-355.8 pmol/mg) at time 1 and 14.3 pmol/mg (range 5.0-205.2 pmol/mg) at time 2. This intraindividual variability in adduct levels was inversely associated with the age of subjects and the time interval between the two blood draws. The variability in adduct levels was lower among subjects in Hu-Hsi and Pai-Hsa townships as compared to those in Ma-Kung. No significant association was observed for the intraindividual variability in AFB1-albumin adducts with regard to the season when blood was drawn. There was also no significant association between intraindividual variability and hepatitis B surface antigen, anti-hepatitis C virus (anti-HCV), glutathione S-transferase (GST) M1, or GSTT1 status. In conclusion, we found substantial intraindividual variability in the AFB1 exposure (as determined by AFB1-albumin adducts) in Taiwan, which was probably more likely related to dietary or other environmental influences rather than to endogenous factors (e.g., hepatitis B/C viral infection or GST M1/T1 genetic status).
OBJECTIVE: We studied the validity and reproducibility of a new abdominal ultrasound protocol for the assessment of intra-abdominal adipose tissue. MEASUREMENTS: Intra-abdominal adipose tissue was assessed by CT, MRI, anthropometry and ultrasonography on a single day. By ultrasonography the distance between peritoneum and lumbar spine was measured using a strict protocol, including the location of the measurements, pressure on the transducer and respiration. All measurements were repeated after 3 months. RESULTS: The study population consisted of 19 overweight patients with a body mass index (BMI) of 32.9 kg/m(2) (s.d. 3.7), intra-abdominal adipose tissue on CT 140.1 cm(2) (s.d. 55.9), and a mean ultrasound distance of 9.8 cm (s.d. 2.5). There was a strong association between the CT and ultrasonographic measures: Pearson correlation coefficient was 0.81 (P<0.001). The correlation between ultrasound and waist circumference was 0.74 (P<0.001), the correlation between CT and waist circumference was 0.57 (P=0.01). Ultrasound appeared a good method to diagnose intra-abdominal obesity: the area under the ROC curve was 0.98. During the follow-up period of 3 months, the patients lost on average almost 3 kg of body weight. The correlation coefficient between changes in intra-abdominal adipose tissue assessed by CT and ultrasound was 0.74 (P<0.001). The correlation coefficient of the mean ultrasound distance assessed by two different sonographers at baseline was 0.94 (P<0.001), the mean difference 0.4 cm (s.d. 0.9), and the coefficient of variation 5.4%, indicating good reproducibility of the ultrasound measurements. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this validation study show that abdominal ultrasound, using a strict protocol, is a reliable and reproducible method to assess the amount of intra-abdominal adipose tissue and to diagnose intra-abdominal obesity. 
Valid food-frequency questionnaires (FFQ) need to be developed to assess isoflavone intake in investigations of its possible association with the lower incidence of breast and prostate cancer in Asian countries. We investigated the validity and reproducibility of isoflavone (daidzein and genistein) intakes from self-administered semiquantitative FFQ used in the JPHC Study (Japan Public Health Center-based Prospective Study on Cancer and Cardiovascular Diseases). We also investigated the number of food items that would be sufficient to ensure validity and reproducibility. We collected FFQ, dietary records (DR), blood and urine samples from 215 subjects among JPHC Study participants, estimated isoflavone intakes from FFQ and DR, and measured serum isoflavone concentration and urine isoflavone excretion. For daidzein, mean intakes estimated from FFQ and DR, serum concentration and urine excretion were 18.3 mg/d, 14.5 mg/d, 119.9 nmol/L and 17.0 micromol/d and for genistein, 31.4 mg/d, 23.4 mg/d, 475.3 nmol/L and 14.2 micromol/d, respectively. Results were similar when analyzed by sex. Spearman correlation coefficients for daidzein of energy-adjusted intakes from FFQ with those from DR, serum concentration and creatinine-adjusted urinary excretion were 0.64, 0.31 and 0.43, respectively. Correlations between two FFQ estimates with a 1-y interval were 0.76. Results were similar for genistein. The shorter version of the FFQ with three items (natto, miso and tofu for miso soup) showed a similar correlation. The original FFQ and the shorter versions have sufficient validity and reproducibility to be used in epidemiologic studies.
Viral RNA level in plasma is a sensitive experimental endpoint for evaluating the efficacy of AIDS vaccines or therapies in nonhuman primates. By quantifying viral RNA in the plasma of 77 rhesus monkeys for 10 weeks after inoculation with simian-human immunodeficiency virus 89.6P (SHIV-89.6P) or simian immunodeficiency virus mac 251 (SIVmac 251), we estimated variability in three viral load (VL) measures: peak VL, the postacute set point VL, and VL decline from peak. Such estimates of biological variability are essential for determining the number of animals needed per group and may be helpful for selecting the most appropriate measure to use as the experimental endpoint. Peak VL was positively correlated with set point VL for both viruses. Variability (standard deviation) was substantially higher in monkeys infected with SIVmac 251 than in those infected with SHIV-89.6P for set point VL and VL decline. The variability of peak VL was less than one-half that of set point VL variability and only about two-thirds of that of VL decline, implying that the same treatment-related difference in peak VL could be detected with fewer animals than set point VL or VL decline. Thus, differences in VL variability over the course of infection and between viruses need to be considered when designing studies using the nonhuman primate AIDS models.
This study investigated the reproducibility of blood lactate-anchored ratings of perceived exertion (RPE) in seven women of average, and seven of above average cardiorespiratory fitness, [moderate and high maximal oxygen uptake (Mod VO2max and High VO2max, respectively)]. The subjects completed a series of four exercise tests, comprising a VO2max assessment and three O-grade, velocity-incremental, treadmill-running RPE estimation trials. The results revealed no significant between-group differences in RPE at the blood lactate concentration threshold (LT), and at reference levels of 2, 2.5 or 4 mmol x l(-1) (RPELT, RPE2, RPE2.5 and RPE4, respectively). The RPELT, RPE2, RPE2.5 and RPE4 were characterised by intra-class correlation coefficients of 0.97, 0.97, 0.97, 0.72 and 0.83, 0.96, 0.96, 0.90, in the High VO2max and Mod VO2max groups, respectively. The SEM% (95% confidence limits computed as a percentage of the group mean score) largely mirrored the trend in reliability with the highest values observed for RPELT in the Mod VO2max group and RPE4 in the High VO2max group. The Spearman-Brown prediction equation indicated that fixed blood lactate concentrations of 2, 2.5 and 4 mmol x l(-1) offer acceptable practical utility as potential perceptual anchor points for both groups, requiring one trial only to achieve a measurement error of less than +/- 6%.
In six normal adult horses, pulsed-wave Doppler sonographic inspections were made of the left and right lateral palmar proper digital artery (LPPDA) of each thoracic limb. Using a two-period, crossover design with repeated measures, each LPPDA was inspected on four occasions throughout the day over a 7 hour period and, on each occasion, with the limb weight bearing and non-weight bearing. In comparison with the observations made during weight bearing, there were significant increases (P<0.001) in blood-flow velocities when the limb was non-weight bearing. There was no relationship between blood velocities and the time of day, the order in which the inspections were made, resting heart rate, age of the horse, or hoof angle. In both weight bearing and nonweight bearing, the Doppler waveform demonstrated a systolic peak followed by at least two diastolic peaks and an end diastolic plateau. Horses that moved least during sonographic inspections had the lowest co-efficients variation.
All patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) are treated with the same dose of riluzole: 50 mg twice daily. Reasonably large interindividual differences in clearance of the drug have been reported. The relatively small group of patients with high blood concentrations of riluzole has probably primarily influenced the efficacy and the incidence of side-effects in the previously conducted clinical trials with riluzole. Individual dosing of the drug may, in the case of large interindividual differences in serum concentrations of the drug, be necessary in the future. Exact data concerning the plasma and serum concentrations of riluzole in patients with ALS, after standardized intake of the drug, diet and blood sampling are unknown so far. In this study, inter- and intraindividual variability of serum and plasma levels of riluzole in 21 patients with "probable" or "definite" ALS were determined. The interindividual variability of peak serum levels (coefficient of variation=74%) was significantly larger than intraindividual variability (p<0.001). Serum levels were not correlated with age or smoking status. The determination of a correlation between riluzole serum concentrations and survival of patients with ALS will be the aim of further studies.
Hexavalent chromium [Cr(VI)] is a genotoxic carcinogen for which inhalation is a major potential route of exposure in occupational settings. In the present study, the ability of sodium dichromate to cause DNA strand breaks in three populations of cells, human whole blood cells, isolated human peripheral blood lymphocytes and cultured A549 lung epithelial cells, was investigated. Treatment with non-cytotoxic concentrations of sodium dichromate (for 1 h) resulted in a concentration-dependent increase in the number of DNA strand breaks as measured by the Comet assay. The lowest concentrations of sodium dichromate that resulted in a statistically significant (P < 0.01) increase in the number of DNA strand breaks were 500, 50 and 10 microM, respectively, in these cells. The use of formamidopyrimidine glycosylase increased the sensitivity of detection of strand breaks in A549 cells 10-fold, suggesting a role for DNA base oxidation in the mechanism of dichromate-induced DNA strand breaks. In support of this hypothesis, immunocytochemistry indicated an elevation of 8-oxodeoxyguanosine in A549 cells treated with 10 and 500 microM sodium dichromate for 1 h. We also demonstrated 2.11- and 2.5-fold ranges in the level of control and dichromate (500 microM)-induced DNA strand breaks, respectively, in cells of whole blood within a group of healthy volunteers (n = 26). A statistically significant (P < 0.001) positive Pearson's correlation (r = 0.606) was found between control and treated levels of DNA strand breaks, suggesting that factors responsible for relatively low levels of DNA strand breaks in untreated PBL may also offer protection against the formation of dichromate-induced DNA strand breaks.
PURPOSE: We evaluated the intra-individual variability and reproducibility of nighttime urine production on wet nights and functional bladder capacity estimated by long-term home recordings of monosymptomatic nocturnal enuresis. In particular, the intention was to evaluate the validity of 1 versus 2 weeks of recording when estimating urine volume on wet nights and 1 versus 2 weekends of recording when estimating functional bladder capacity. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We analyzed 120, 2-week home recordings of nighttime urine volume from patients with monosymptomatic nocturnal enuresis 6 to 16 years old (mean age 9.1) with at least 3 wet nights per week. Most patients were nonresponders or partial responders to desmopressin. Nighttime urine volume was estimated by weighing diapers before and after sleep, and measuring morning urine volume. Of the home recordings 62 included frequency volume charts for 2 weekends, which were evaluated for functional bladder capacity defined as the largest voided volume observed. RESULTS: No significant overall week-to-week differences were observed in average urine volume on wet nights and functional bladder capacity. There was a large intra-individual variability in all measured variables, which was most pronounced for functional bladder capacity and least pronounced for urine volume on wet nights. With regard to repeatability, the limits of agreement of urine volume on wet nights were -32% and 36% (95% confidence interval) as opposed to -54% and 48% for functional bladder capacity. CONCLUSIONS: In this study intra-individual week-to-week estimates of average urine volume on wet nights demonstrated acceptable variability and repeatability in contrast to functional bladder capacity. A reliable estimate of urine volume on wet nights could be obtained by 7 nights of home recording, whereas 4 days of daytime recording were necessary when estimating functional bladder capacity. Similar studies of patients who respond to desmopressin are needed. 
We previously developed an alternative method for estimating the brain perfusion index (BPI) using technetium-99m compounds and spectral analysis (SA) for quantification of cerebral blood flow (CBF). In this study, we investigated the reproducibility of the BPI values obtained by SA (BPIS) using a double injection of technetium-99m ethyl cysteinate dimer without any intervention, and compared it with that of the BPI values obtained by graphical analysis (BPIG). The BPIS values in the first (x) and second sessions (y) correlated closely (y=0.921x+0.036; r=0.962; n=64; s.e.e.=0.058 min-1). Although the BPIG values in the first (x) and second sessions (y) also correlated (y=0.942x+0.040; r=0.916; n=64; s.e.e.=0.061 min-1), the correlation coefficient for BPIS was significantly higher than that for BPIG. The reproducibility was dependent on the injection dose ratio of the second session to the first (R). The difference in BPI between the first and second sessions tended to be smaller when 1.5<R<2.5 than when 0<R<1.5 or 2.5<R. These results suggest that the reproducibility of BPIS is satisfactory and that it can be applied to two sequential measurements of CBF using a double injection of 99mTc compounds. When applying our method to such measurements, it is recommended that R is taken as approximately 2.0.
In this study we assessed the within and between-subject variability of the concentrations of two urinary markers, free deoxypyridinoline (DPD) and C telopeptide (CTX-I), in healthy patients with the aim of setting reliable thresholds to enable physicians to take decisions about individual patients with confidence.Between-subject variability for the women was 25.4% for DPD and 38.2% for CTX-I, and for the men was 12.9% for DPD and 23.8% for CTX-I. The coefficients of variation were similar for daily, weekly and monthly determinations, giving means of 13.8 and 28.1% for DPD and CTX-I respectively. Critical difference (CD) was lower for DPD than for CTX-I (about 44 and 80% respectively). The number of samples required to determine the true mean with a CD at the 5% level was 29 for DPD and more than 113 for CTX-I.DPD was the least biologically variable. One determination was not sufficient to determine bone resorption status and a 44% decrease in DPD levels and an 80% decrease in CTX-I levels were required to demonstrate the efficacy of antiresorptive therapy in individual patients.
We examined the possible alteration of circulating transforming growth factor-beta1 (TGF-beta1) concentrations in a time-dependent fashion in human plasma. Plasma TGF-beta1 was measured three times at 2 week-intervals from each of 12 healthy participants. Platelet factor 4 (PF4) was measured in parallel with TGF-beta1 to estimate the degree of platelet degranulation. TGF-beta1 levels of the second and third plasma samples, in which PF4s were measured as < approximately 1000 IU/ml, were relatively low and fell in a narrow range. However, TGF-beta1 levels of the first samples, in most of which PF4s were > approximately 1000 IU/ml, appeared much higher and more variable than those of the second or third samples. These results indicate that the platelet degranulation accounted for the higher TGF-beta1 levels in the first samples, and thus did not support our initial assumption. We, nevertheless, could propose a useful guidance in the assessment of TGF-beta1 levels in plasma. When the PF4 level is measured as < approximately 1000 IU/ml under our assay conditions, the TGF-beta1 level in a given plasma sample might be accepted as a reliable value considering the effect of platelet degranulation on TGF-beta1 level.
Specific neutralizing epitope changes have been observed in a chimpanzee infected naturally with SIVcpz, which differ from HIV-1 infecting humans. To characterize further these changes, a longitudinal study of env genomic sequence variation of SIVcpz-ant isolates was undertaken in this animal. The V1 and V2 regions of the env were determined to arise from specific recombination events. To determine whether recombination of the V1 and V2 domains was possibly associated with the emergence of neutralization escape viruses, envelope sequences and gene length polymorphisms from PBMC and plasma viral variants were studied over a 7-year period. PBMCs and plasma-associated infectious virus titers as well as plasma RNA viral loads were monitored longitudinally. The first 5 viruses isolated from the plasma were found to be neutralization escape variants. Sequence analysis of their V1 and the V2 regions indicated that a 20 amino acid stretch of the V1 region had undergone recombination and was also associated with the emergence of isolates eliciting strong neutralization responses. These findings support the hypothesis that recombination of the V1 and V2 regions of the envelope play a role in neutralization escape of SIVcpz in chimpanzees infected naturally. Furthermore, the data confirm that the neutralizing antibody response plays an important role in the decline of plasma infectious virus titers in HIV-1 related SIVcpz nonpathogenic infection.
Genetic studies of wild animal populations are often hindered by difficulties in obtaining blood samples. Recent advances in molecular biology have allowed the use of noninvasive samples as sources of DNA (e.g., hair or feces), but such samples may provide low-quality DNA and prevent the determination of true genotypes in subsequent DNA analysis. We present a preliminary study aimed at assessing the reliability of using fecal samples for genotyping in Barbary macaques (Macaca sylvanus). The test was performed on samples of blood and feces from 11 captive animals, using three dinucleotide microsatellites. The CTAB DNA extraction method was found to be the most relevant for Barbary macaque feces, yielding successful amplification at all loci for 70% of PCRs. All the fecal samples tested gave correct genotypes at least once for each locus when referenced against blood-derived genotypes. An average of 18.3% of PCRs displayed spurious genotypes (false homozygous or false allele). The minimum theoretical probability required to obtain a 100% accurate genotype is 0.74, based on the criterion that a correct genotype is assessed only if it was observed at least twice. The observed probability of obtaining a correct genotype from three PCRs, based on our genotyping results, was greater (0.81 on average) than the minimum threshold. In conclusion, our comparison of blood and fecal samples showed that fecal sampling is a reliable tool for the further study of wild Barbary macaque populations.
The development of anti-angiogenic therapies for tumors has led to a demand for imaging-based surrogate markers of the angiogenic process. The utility of such markers is highly dependent on their test-retest reproducibility. This paper presents a formal assessment of the reproducibility of measurements of relative blood volume (rBV), normalized rBV (rBVnorm), and vascular tortuosity as estimated by measurement of relative recirculation (rR). The study was conducted in 11 patients with glioma who were scanned on two occasions 36-56 hours apart. The observed reliability estimates were used to calculate 95% confidence limits for detection of differences between groups and for changes in individual cases. The results show that measurement of rBV or rBVnorm in consecutive studies is statistically capable of reliably detecting changes in excess of 15% in between group studies and 25% in individual patients. Measurement of vascular tortuosity using is less reproducible but is able to confidently identify changes in excess of 30% in group studies and 35% in individuals.
The role of gastrointestinal motility and pH in determining cimetidine bioavailability as well as double peaks in plasma profiles following oral administration, in the quiescent or active phase of antral motility, to humans in the fasted state was examined. Plasma cimetidine-time curves did not show the presence of double peaks in any subject following intravenous administration. The incidence of double peaks was 73% following oral administration and was independent of antral migrating motility complex phase. Further, it was found that oral administration of cimetidine in the quiescent phase resulted in significantly higher bioavailability and in other pharmacokinetic parameters compared to that obtained following administration in the active phase. Excellent linearity in plots of motility peaks vs. plasma peaks with slopes close to unity were evident for both quiescent (r(2)=0.93) and active phase (r(2)=0.97) administration. A total of 14 peaks out of 22 (10 subjects, 64%) and 20 out of 27 peaks (11 subjects, 74%), were accounted for in quiescent and active phase oral administration, respectively. The proximal occurrence of plasma peaks to antral motility peaks typical of phase III contractions strongly implies that motility patterns may be responsible for secondary maxima following oral cimetidine administration in the fasted state.
BACKGROUND: Pyridinoline (PYD) and deoxypyridinoline (DPD) are two of the most extensively characterized biochemical bone markers, but the interpretation of results is hampered by biologic and other preanalytical variability. We reviewed factors contributing to preanalytical variation of pyridinium cross-links in urine. METHODS: We searched four databases for English-language reports on PYD and/or DPD in urine. Searches were restricted to humans, except for studies of stability, when the search was expanded to other species. The 599 identified articles were supplemented with references from those articles and with articles known to the authors. RESULTS: The mean reported within-day variability was 71% for PYD (range, 57-78%) and 67% for DPD (range, 53-75%). The mean interday variability was 16% for both DPD and PYD (range for PYD, 12-21%; range for DPD, 5-24%). The mean intersubject variabilities across studies were 26% for PYD (range, 12-63%) and 34% for DPD (range, 8-98%) for healthy premenopausal women and 36% (range, 22-61%) and 40%, (range, 27-54%) for postmenopausal women, respectively. Specimen instability and errors in creatinine measurements were additional sources of variability. CONCLUSIONS: Intra- and intersubject variability can be reduced by collecting specimens at a specific time of the day and by maintaining similar patient status at each specimen collection regarding factors such as medications and dietary supplements. 
The objective of this study was to identify the optimal timing of sampling during the menstrual cycle for assessment of interindividual variation in exposure to endogenous sex hormones, including estradiol, progesterone, and the free androgen index. Twenty-four healthy premenopausal women with regular periods were recruited, and alternate day venous blood samples were taken in the morning throughout one menstrual cycle. Spearman rank correlation coefficients were calculated for the estimates of average hormone levels (based on area under the curve) over one menstrual cycle against values on single days within that cycle. Days within the menstrual cycle were identified that provided the best assessment of interindividual differences. The most consistent correlation for estradiol was seen between days 9 and 11 (e.g., r = 0.53 and P = 0.01, day 10), the most consistent correlation for progesterone was seen between days 17 and 21 (e.g., r = 0.80 and P < 0.001, day 20), and the most consistent correlation for free androgen index was seen between days 12 and 15 (e.g., r = 0.90 and P < 0.001, day 15). Post hoc analysis of estradiol and progesterone levels on days counted back from the start of the next menstrual cycle identified marginally stronger associations. On repeat hormone measurements (not done for progesterone) on days 10 and 15, two to five menstrual cycles later, correlation coefficients with the original hormone levels remained reasonable (> or =0.55) for most. In conclusion, a reasonable characterization of interindividual differences in premenopausal estradiol, androgen, and progesterone levels may be achieved with single blood samples taken on specific days. This provides a useful approach for future epidemiological studies.
Melanoma exhibits heterogeneous growth patterns and widely varying sensitivities to multiple treatment modalities. This variability may reflect intrinsic genetic differences in factors giving rise to altered metabolism. Glucose is the primary energy source of tumours, including melanoma, and glucose transporter isoform 1 (Glut-1) and hexokinase are key rate-limiting factors in glucose metabolism. The levels of Glut-1 and total hexokinase activity were measured in 31 melanoma biopsies to determine the extent of tumour-to-tumour variability in these parameters. Relative Glut-1 levels were determined by Western immunoblot analysis using human anti-Glut-1 rabbit polyclonal antibody, and hexokinase activity was measured in the same samples by an enzymatic assay monitoring the reduction in the oxidized form of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADP+) (in nmol NADP+ reduced/min per mg protein). All melanomas were from patients who had received no therapy prior to surgery. Immediately after excision, tumour biopsies were disaggregated to single cells by collagenase and DNase and frozen in liquid nitrogen. Thirty human melanomas exhibited a 22-fold variation in levels of Glut-1 and 29 exhibited a nine-fold variation in total cellular hexokinase activity. Glut-1 levels and hexokinase activity were not correlated with one another. The broad range in Glut-1 levels and hexokinase activity observed between melanomas suggests that these glycolytic rate-limiting parameters that influence the rate of glucose metabolism may contribute to the variability in melanoma response to treatment modalities.
Delirium often causes severe distress for terminally ill cancer patients, and treatment of underlying pathologies is important to achieve symptom alleviation. Although accumulation of morphine metabolites may play an important role in development of delirium, empirical findings are conflicting due to a large inter-individual variation in morphine-related concentrations. To explore intra-individual changes of morphine metabolite concentrations before and after occurrence of terminal delirium, a prospective observational study was performed on terminally ill cancer patients. Among 131 consecutive hospice inpatients, 16 samples from 8 patients who received two blood samplings before and after development of delirium were analyzed. Delirium developed a median of 5 days before death, and clinical causes were attributed to multi-organ failure. Plasma concentrations of morphine-6-glucuronide (M-6-G) and morphine-3-glucuronide (M-3-G) significantly increased after development of delirium within the same patient. Mean normalized concentrations of M-6-G and M-3-G elevated from 1.24 +/- 1.06 to 2.94 +/- 3.52 ng/mL/mg (P = 0.016), and from 7.46 +/- 4.75 to 15.4 +/- 13.2 ng/mL/mg (P = 0.016), respectively. Normalized morphine concentration increased with a marginal statistical significance from 0.54 +/- 0.27 to 0.83 +/- 0.22 ng/mL/mg (P = 0.055). In conclusion, plasma concentrations of M-6-G and M-3-G were significantly higher after development of terminal delirium than before. It is suggested that accumulations of morphine metabolites can contribute to development of delirium in cancer patients whose death is impending.
The Spanish and Portuguese working group (GEP) of international society for forensic genetics (ISFG) 1999-2000 collaborative exercise on mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) included the analysis of four bloodstain samples and one hair shaft sample by 19 participating laboratories from Spain, Portugal and several Latin-American countries. A wide range of sequence results at position 16,093 of the HV1 (from T or C homoplasmy to different levels of heteroplasmy) were submitted by the different participating laboratories from the hair shaft sample during the first phase of this exercise. During the discussion of these results in the Annual GEP-ISFG 2000 Conference a second phase of this exercise was established with two main objectives: (i) to evaluate the incidence of the HV1 sequence heteroplasmy detected in Phase I across different sample types from the same donor including blood, saliva, and hair shafts, (ii) to perform a technical review of the electropherograms to evaluate the relative levels of heteroplasmies obtained by the different laboratories and also to examine the source of possible errors detected in Phase I. Anonymous review of the raw sequence data permitted the detection of three transcription errors and three errors due to methodological problems. Highly variable levels of heteroplasmy were found in the hair shaft and more stability in blood and saliva. Three laboratories found variable levels of heteroplasmy at position 16,093 across adjacent fragments from the same hair shaft. Two laboratories also described more than one heteroplasmic position from a single hair. The relevance of these findings for the interpretation of mtDNA data in the forensic context is also discussed.
The presence or degree of haemodynamic impairment due to occlusive cerebrovascular disease is often inferred from measurements of cerebral blood flow (CBF), cerebral blood volume (CBV), oxygen extraction fraction (OEF) and the cerebral rate for oxygen metabolism (CMRO2). However, the relationship of these variables, in particular CBV, to regional cerebral haemodynamics is not clearly established in humans with subacute or chronic disease. In the present study, we investigated the relationship of CBV to OEF, CBF and CMRO2, and to subsequent stroke risk in patients with unilateral carotid artery occlusion, in order to define better the associated haemodynamic and metabolic changes. We reviewed data from 81 patients with symptomatic carotid occlusion enrolled in a prospective study of haemodynamic factors and stroke risk. Measurements of CBV, CBF, OEF and CMRO2 were made on entry using PET. Patients were divided into groups by hemispheric ratios and absolute ipsilateral values of OEF and CBV, based on comparison with normal controls. Haemodynamic and metabolic values, risk factors and stroke risk were compared between groups. Based on hemispheric ratios, 45 patients had increased ipsilateral OEF; CBV was increased in 19 of these 45 patients. No differences in CBF, CMRO2 or clinical risk factors were found between these 19 patients and the remaining 26 patients with increased OEF and normal or reduced CBV. Thirteen ipsilateral strokes occurred during follow-up, and 10 of the 13 occurred in the 19 patients with increased OEF and CBV (log rank P < 0.0001). Thirty-two of the 68 patients with complete quantitative PET data had increased OEF by absolute ipsilateral values. CBV was increased in 20 of the 32 patients. No differences in CBF, CMRO2 or clinical risk factors were found between these 20 patients and the remaining 12 patients with increased OEF and normal CBV. Seven of the nine ipsilateral strokes that occurred in the 68 patients occurred in those 20 patients with increased OEF and increased CBV (log rank P = 0.003). The higher risk of ischaemic stroke in patients with increased OEF and CBV suggests that their degree of haemodynamic compromise is more severe than those with increased OEF and normal CBV. In patients with chronic carotid occlusion and increased OEF, increased CBV may indicate pronounced vasodilation due to exhausted autoregulatory vasodilation. The physiological explanation for the measurement of normal CBV in patients with increased OEF is less certain and may reflect preserved autoregulatory capacity.
OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether volume adjustment can be used to reduce the within-patient variability of the maximal urinary flow rate (Qmax) without affecting the variability between patients. METHODS: We analyzed 2049 urinary flow curves of 208 men with lower urinary tract symptoms suggestive of bladder outlet obstruction and studied the relation between Qmax and voided volume (VV) in individual patients using multilevel regression analysis. RESULTS: In agreement with most previous studies, we found a hyperbolic relation between the VV and Qmax. Although hyperbolic on average, the slope of the regression line relating the VV to Qmax differed substantially across individual patients. In some patients, Qmax even tended to be lower with an increased VV. CONCLUSIONS: The reproducibility of Qmax is poor, in part because of its dependence on the VV. The current methods to adjust Qmax for VV, such as the Siroky nomogram, minimize between-patient dependency, whereas our findings emphasize the importance of within-patient variability. A common approach to adjust Qmax for VV, however, is not feasible, because the relation of Qmax to VV differs substantially across patients. The only valid, although impractical option, remains to record a large number of urinary flow curves for each patient. 
Serum and urinary assays of bone markers provide a noninvasive alternative to bone biopsy in the study of bone metabolism in humans. Many of the commercial assays that were originally developed for use in humans have been shown to cross-react in dogs, and it should therefore be possible to use these assays to study bone remodeling in dogs. The interpretation of bone marker data in humans is hampered by extensive inter- and intra-subject variability. The specific aim of this study was therefore to determine the extent of biological variability in bone markers in dogs. Serum and urine samples were collected every 4 hours over a 24-hour period (short-term study), and every week over a 12-week period (long-term study). Serum bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (BALP) and urinary deoxypyridinoline (Dpd) and N-terminal telopeptide of collagen (NTx) were measured with commercial enzyme immunoassays. Serum osteocalcin (OC) and carboxyterminal crosslinked telopeptide of type I collagen (ICTP) were measured with commercial radioimmunoassays. In the short-term study, statistically significant diurnal rhythms were identified for OC, BALP, ICTP, and Dpd. No clear rhythm was evident for NTx. There was no evidence of statistically significant long-term variability in marker excretion over the 12 weeks. Our findings confirm the utility of these assays in dogs. However, as in humans, care must be taken to ensure that specimens are collected at a consistent time of day. Moreover, given the inherent variability in marker excretion in individual animals, the most appropriate use for these assays is as a screening tool for cohort studies, rather than as a diagnostic or prognostic tool in the individual animal.
BACKGROUND: To examine the reliability of HCG as a biomarker for early pregnancy loss, five experienced researchers independently assessed data from 153 menstrual cycles, determining whether each cycle represented 'no conception,' a 'continuing conception' or a 'conception lost.' METHODS: Urine samples were analysed by immunoradiometric assay using a combination of capture antibodies for the intact heterodimer (B109) and for an epitope common to the beta subunit and the beta core fragment (B204). For each cycle, HCG data were presented as graphs of daily assay results. Summary statistics for HCG assays from 46 women who had undergone bilateral tubal ligation represented baseline values. RESULTS: Pairwise agreement among the assessors for any of the three options ranged from 78-89%. At least three experts agreed for 147 cycles (96%), accounting for 28 conception losses and 19 continuing conceptions. The multi-rater kappa was 0.62 for the conception lost category and 0.68 for continuing conceptions, indicating substantial agreement. CONCLUSION: The main sources of disagreement involved deciding whether there was sufficient information for assessment, interpreting cycle parameters such as cycle length or bleeding event, and interpreting a distinct HCG rise pattern that does not exceed the baseline value obtained from the sterilized women. 
To evaluate the within-subject variability of repeated task-induced blood flow velocity (BFV) change, we measured the haemodynamics of the anterior and middle cerebral arteries of the same volunteer on 20 consecutive working days during the performance of mental arithmetic with transcranial Doppler ultrasonography. BFV changes with the arithmetic condition were compared against a resting and a counting condition. Absolute BFV data showed equally increased velocities during rest and arithmetic activity as compared to counting. The findings suggest that the resting state might not be the ideal reference paradigm to evaluate task-induced haemodynamic changes. Selecting the counting condition as the more valid baseline measure, we obtained relatively stable lateralisation indices for the MCA with 1 of 10 measurements outside the 95% confidence interval. Reproducibility was poorer in the ACA, with 3 outliers. A strategy that calculates the average of multiple short activation epochs within the same session appears to improve the reliability of the lateralisation index.
In HIV-1-infected individuals, plasma viral RNA concentration as well as preservation of CD8+ naive T cells can vary by age. Host genetic factors previously shown to mediate HIV-1 pathogenesis in adults and children may operate differently in HIV-1-infected adolescents. Our PCR-based haplotyping of genetic variants at the loci encoding CC (beta) chemokine receptor 2 (CCR2) and CCR5 revealed nine haplotypes (designated A through G*2) in 179 seronegative and 228 seropositive adolescent participants from the Reaching for Excellence in Adolescent Care and Health (REACH) Study of the Adolescent Medicine and HIV/AIDS Research Network. The influence of CCR2-CCR5 haplotypes and genotypes on plasma HIV-1 RNA level was assessed in 207 AIDS-free seropositive individuals (mostly African-American females) who either did not receive therapy or had discontinued therapy for 6-12 months during initial follow-up between 1996 and 1999. The CCR2-64I-coding haplotype F*2 and the infrequent CCR5 Delta32-bearing haplotype G*2 had negligible impact on HIV-1 RNA level (p > 0.83) and CD4+ T cell counts (p > 0.30). In contrast, nine carriers of the E/E genotype had significantly higher (p = 0.007) plasma HIV-1 RNA level and slightly reduced CD4+ cell counts (p = 0.15) compared with those not carrying E/E or F*2 or G*2. The effect of E/E on HIV-1 RNA was stronger (p < 0.001) in a multivariable model adjusted for F*2 or G*2 (p = 0.45), race (p = 0.23), gender (p = 0.002), age (p = 0.26), and history of antiretroviral therapy (p < 0.001). Thus, among the major CCR2-CCR5 haplotypes/genotypes in chronically infected and predominantly African-American adolescents, only the E/E genotype appeared to influence early host-virus equilibration.
OBJECTIVE: Because there is discordance between different immunoassay values for serum hGH, and because clinical state may not correlate with immunoreactive hGH, we have developed an assay to accurately measure serum hGH somatogenic bioactivity. The results of this assay were compared with the Elegance two-site ELISA assay across 135 patient samples in a variety of clinical states. DESIGN: The somatogenic assay was based on stable expression of hGH receptor in the murine BaF line, allowing these cells to proliferate in response to hGH. To eliminate interference by other growth factors in serum, we created a specific antagonist of the hGH receptor (similar to Trovert or Pegvisomant) which allowed us to obtain a true measure of hGH somatogenic activity by subtraction of the activity in the presence of the antagonist. The assay was carried out in microtiter plates over 24 h, with oxidation of a chromogenic tetrazolium salt (MTT) as the endpoint. PATIENTS: These encompassed a number of different clinical conditions related to short stature, including idiopathic short stature, neurosecretory dysfunction and renal failure, as well as obese patients on dietary restriction and normal volunteers. MEASUREMENTS: In addition to the colourimetric (MTT) response to hGH, we measured free hGH by stripping out GHBP-bound hGH using beads coupled to a monoclonal antibody to the GHBP (GH binding protein). All samples were measured in both bioassay and ELISA assay. RESULTS: This bioassay was sensitive (5 mU/l or 2 microg/l) and precise, and not subject to interference by the GHBP. There was a good correlation (r = 0.95) between bioactivity and immunoactivity across clinical states. There was, however, an increased bioactivity during secretory peaks (over 25 mU/l), which has been reported previously for the Nb2 bioassay. Free hGH did not correlate with clinical state. CONCLUSIONS: Because the results of the Elegance ELISA and the bioassay correlate well, even though there is greater bioactivity at higher hormone concentrations, it is evident that an appropriate immunoassay is able to act as a reliable indicator for clinical assessment. In those rare cases where bio-inactive GH exists, our bioassay should provide an appropriate means to demonstrate this. 
Circulating levels of insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) vary greatly between normal individuals, but until now little attention has been given to the study of the genetic factors involved in IGFBP-3 variability in healthy populations. The present study investigated the extent and pattern of the possible genetic influences on plasma levels of IGFBP-3 in 91 nuclear and more complex families, totaling 396 individuals (201 males and 195 females) of Caucasian ethnic origin. The variance decomposition analysis, was performed using the FISHER statistical package. In the second stage of the analysis, we used complex segregation analysis as implemented in the statistical package MAN. Significant negative correlation was revealed between age and plasma levels of IGFBP-3 in both sexes ( r=-0.49; r=-0.23; P<0.001). Multivariate analysis identified age, body weight, and height as significant covariates in men, but for women only age had a considerable effect. It has been demonstrated that about 57.7% of IGBP-3 variation adjusted for significant confounding factors was attributable to genetic factors. The results of bivariate variance decomposition analysis showed no significant genetic and phenotypic correlation between the mineral density of hand bones and IGFBP-3. Segregation analysis revealed the existence of a potential major gene effect that was able to explain some 27.5% of IGFBP-3 variation. Multifactorial effects, likely, unknown minor genes, contributed an additional 30% to IGFBP-3 variation. The segregation analysis also provided evidence of significant genotype X sex interaction in the determination of plasma levels of IGFBP-3.
OBJECTIVE: The reliability of intermittent transcranial Doppler has not been accepted widely because of problems with interobserver variability and lack of accuracy. The limitations of intermittent transcranial Doppler are thought to be overcome by continuous measurement systems. However, little published data exist on their accuracy, feasibility, and moment-to-moment variability. In this study we aimed to determine the time-related variability of continuous transcranial Doppler signal from volunteers and patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage and to examine the feasibility, ease of use, and quality of data generated from continuous transcranial Doppler for the detection of vasospasm. DESIGN: Prospective observational study. SETTING: Intensive care unit in a tertiary referral center. SUBJECTS: Ten volunteers and eight patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage. INTERVENTIONS: None. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: The middle cerebral artery blood flow velocities were recorded continuously from both patients and volunteers. The moment-to-moment variability of continuously recorded data was calculated. There was a wide range of velocity measurements in both volunteers and patients. There was a significant moment-to-moment variability in both volunteers (-31% to 58%) and in patients (-38% to 78%). There was a greater number of observations exceeding 10% moment-to-moment variability in the patient group with regard to systolic and diastolic velocities compared with volunteers (8% vs. 2%, p < .001). There was a trend toward a longer duration of good quality data in volunteers compared with patients (98 +/- 0.5% vs. 96 +/- 9%). CONCLUSIONS: Continuous measurement of cerebral blood flow velocities revealed a significant moment-to-moment variability in both patients and in volunteers, the magnitude of which was greater in the patients. The clinical implications of these findings are discussed. 
Phthalates are ubiquitous in our modern environment because of their use in plastics and cosmetic products. Phthalate monoesters--primarily monoethylhexyl phthalate and monobutyl phthalate--are reproductive and developmental toxicants in animals. Accurate measures of phthalate exposure are needed to assess their human health effects. Phthalate monoesters have a biologic half-life of approximately 12 hr, and little is known about the temporal variability and daily reproducibility of urinary measures in humans. To explore these aspects, we measured seven phthalate monoesters and creatinine concentration in two consecutive first-morning urine specimens from 46 African-American women, ages 35-49 years, residing in the Washington, DC, area in 1996-1997. We measured phthalate monoesters using high-pressure liquid chromatography followed by tandem mass spectrometry on a triple quadrupole instrument using atmospheric pressure chemical ionization. We detected four phthalate monoesters in all subjects, with median levels of 31 ng/mL for monobenzyl phthalate (mBzP), 53 ng/mL for monobutyl phthalate (mBP), 211 ng/mL for monoethyl phthalate (mEP), and 7.3 ng/mL for monoethylhexyl phthalate (mEHP). These were similar to concentrations reported for other populations using spot urine specimens. Phthalate levels did not differ between the two sampling days. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the concentrations on the 2 days was 0.8 for mBP, 0.7 for mEHP, 0.6 for mEP, and 0.5 for mBzP. These results suggest that even with the short half-lives of phthalates, women's patterns of exposure may be sufficiently stable to assign an exposure level based on a single first morning void urine measurement.
The objectives of the present study were to investigate the effects of Aquatraining of horses (aqua-treadmill exercise; treadmill manufactured by Equitech - L.u.S. Equipment, Warendorf, Germany) on selected blood parameters [lactic acid concentration (mmol/l), haemoglobin content (g/l)] and on heart-rate variability (HRV) [heart rate (beats per min; b.p.m.), standard deviation of all NN-intervals (SDNN; ms), normalized power of the low and high frequency band (LFnorm, Hfnorm; au), % recurrence, % determinism and ratio(corr)]. Seven horses performed six exercise tests with different work loads (walking (x = 1.56 +/- 0.08 m/s) and trotting (x = 2.9 +/- 0.13 m/s): dry, water above the carpus and water above the elbow). The standardized test-protocol was: 5 min warm-up at walk while the water was pumped in, followed by the 20-min exercise period at walk or trot, followed by a 5-min walk while pumping out the water. Blood samples were taken prior to each test at rest in the stable, as well as exactly 5 min after the end of the 20-min exercise period. Electrocardiograms were recorded during rest and the 20-min exercise period. Compared to rest, neither the chosen velocities, the two water levels, nor the dry tests led to a significant increase of the lactic acid concentration in any horse. The haemoglobin content showed a significant increase as a result of exercise. Significant differences could be found between the heart rates at rest and the six exercise tests and between the mean of the levels 'walking' and the mean of the levels 'trotting'. An exercise-induced change of HRV was characterized by a decreasing SDNN, a significantly higher LFnorm (sympathetic influence) combined with a significantly lower HF(norm) power (parasympathetic activity) and a rising degree of order (significantly higher % determinism and nearly unchanged % recurrence) and stability (significantly rising ratio(corr)) of the recurrence plot. In conclusion, the used training-protocol for aqua-treadmill exercises only represents a medium-sized aerobic work load for horses, but the different levels of burden were indicated especially by changes in HRV.
BACKGROUND: Do the population relationships obtained using DNA or blood group plus protein markers remain the same or do they reveal different patterns, indicating that the factors which influence genetic variation at these two levels of analysis are diverse? Can these markers shed light on the biological classification of the Ach, a Paraguayan tribe which only recently established more permanent contacts with non-Indians? SUBJECTS AND METHODS: To consider these questions we typed 193 individuals from four Amerindian tribes in relation to 12 Alu polymorphisms (five of them never studied in these populations), while 22 blood group plus protein systems were studied among the Ach. These data were then integrated with those previously available (blood groups plus proteins) for the three other populations. DNA extraction and amplification, as well as the other laboratory procedures, were performed using standard methods currently in use in our laboratory. The genetic relationships were obtained using the D(A) distance, and the trees were constructed by the neighbour-joining method, both developed by M. Nei and collaborators. Reliability of the trees was tested by bootstrap replications. Other population variability values were also determined using Nei's methods. RESULTS: Alu polymorphism was observed in all populations and for most of the loci; in the seven systems from which we could compare our results with those of other Amerindian groups agreement was satisfactory. Unusual findings on the blood group plus protein systems of the Ach were a very low (5%) HP*1 frequency and the presence of the C(W) phenotype in the Rh blood group. The intertribal patterns of relationship and other aspects of their variation were remarkably congruent in the two sets (Alu; blood group plus protein) of systems. CONCLUSIONS: The answer to the first question posed above is affirmative. However, the problem of whether the Ach derived from a G group that preceded the Guarani colonization of Paraguay, or are just a differentiated Guarani group, could not be answered with the genetic information available; the second hypothesis seems more likely at present, but the point to be emphasized is the striking genetic distinctiveness of the Ach as compared to other Amerindians. 
OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to evaluate MR imaging-based virtual endoscopy in patients with urinary bladder cancer compared with conventional cystoscopy as the gold standard. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Twenty-five patients with urinary bladder cancer diagnosed on conventional cystoscopy underwent MR imaging of the pelvis. Patients were examined without external bladder filling or administration of IV contrast medium. No medications were administered. The data obtained by MR imaging were reconstructed for virtual endoscopy on a workstation. The locations and sizes of tumors were individually determined and compared with results of conventional cystoscopy. RESULTS: Twenty-four patients were evaluated; one patient's examination was excluded from analysis because of metallic artifacts. Seventeen patients were diagnosed with a single bladder tumor. Five patients had two tumors each, and two patients had three tumors. Tumor diameter ranged from 0.4 to 6.4 cm. Thirty (90.9%) of 33 tumors detected on cystoscopy were visualized with virtual endoscopy. The detection rate for 23 tumors of 1 cm or greater was 100%. Difficult conditions for conventional cystoscopy, including hematuria, anterior wall involvement, and urethral strictures, had no deleterious impact on virtual cystoscopy. Difficulties in detection on virtual endoscopy were associated with flat bladder tumors with minimal surface elevation. CONCLUSION: The results of this study suggest a high reliability in the diagnosis of urinary bladder cancer by MR imaging-based virtual cystoscopy-a noninvasive method, independent of medication or contrast enhancement, that may be of value for screening, primary diagnosis, and surveillance. Virtual MR cystoscopy may be indicated when conventional cystoscopy cannot be performed or is ineffective. 
A total of 2,718 blood samples were analyzed in five virological laboratories for the presence of cytomegalovirus (CMV) by in-house tests and one standardized plasma PCR assay. Results from in-house tests showed remarkable variability. Detection of CMV pp65 antigen or DNA from cells was more sensitive than that by plasma CMV PCR assay.
OBJECTIVES: To determine if attention-related changes of hemispheric perfusion increases, as assessed by blood-flow sensitive techniques, are as reliable as language-related hemispheric perfusion increases. METHODS: The reproducibility of hemispheric blood flow velocity increases during a line bisection task was assessed with functional transcranial Doppler sonography. RESULTS: Over repeated examinations, the index of lateralization of 20 healthy subjects showed a high test-retest reproducibility (r=0.9, P<0.01). No practice effects were detected over the course of 10 re-assessments of one subject. CONCLUSIONS: Hemispheric lateralization of visuospatial attention is a robust phenomenon and can be reliably determined using perfusion sensitive measurements. Future studies should focus on investigating lesion-related reorganization of attentional processing with blood-flow sensitive techniques. 
The aim of this study was to investigate the reproducibility of blood lactate measurements, heart rate (HR) and ratings of perceived exertion (RPE) during treadmill exercise at speeds corresponding to the lactate threshold ( v(Th,la)-) and a fixed blood lactate concentration of 4 mmol.l(-1)( v(la)-(,4)). Possible differences in reproducibility related to fitness levels were also investigated. A group of 20 men [mean (SD)] [age 20.5 (1.4) years] and 16 women [age 21.2 (0.9) years] took part in the study. The subjects performed two identical incremental exercise tests consisting of at least six 4 min stages. Blood lactate concentrations, HR and RPE were recorded at the end of each stage. Limits of agreement (LoA), correlation coefficients and 95% confidence intervals for the mean difference between tests were employed to investigate the level of agreement and reproducibility of blood lactate concentration, HR and RPE. For the group as a whole, the sample correlation coefficient for speed at v(Th,la)- was r=0.88, and was r=0.92 for the speed at v(la)-(,4). At v(Th,la) -, the correlation coefficients for the moderately fit and unfit were r=0.94 and r=0.36, respectively, and at v(la)-(,4) r=0.93 and r=0.68, respectively. The LoA for the moderately fit group indicated that a change of 1.62 km.h(-1) in v(Th,la)- would be necessary to be considered a change in training status. For HR and RPE, relationships between the tests were generally poor. The LoA suggested that changes in scores must be unacceptably large. These findings cast doubt on the sensitivity of testing for change of blood lactate concentration, HR and RPE in this population.
BACKGROUND: Among renal allograft recipients, there is a considerable variability in cyclosporin A (CsA) trough levels. Some of the CsA metabolites are pharmacologically active. The variability of polyclonal CsA trough levels may contribute to the fact that long-term renal allograft survival is still not satisfactory. In a retrospective, single-centre study, we investigated the influence of the variability of polyclonal CsA trough levels on long-term renal allograft function. METHODS: Patients (n=381) received double immunosuppression consisting of CsA and methylprednisolone (MP). For each patient the CsA coefficient of variation (CCV) and the mean CsA trough level during the observation period (5 years) were calculated. Based on receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis, patients were divided into two groups: group I, CCV <28.05%, n=231; group II, CCV >28.05%, n=150. Additionally, patients were divided into three groups according to their mean CsA trough level: group A, <270 ng/ml, n=50; group B, 270-370 ng/ml, n=282; group C: >370 ng/ml, n=49. RESULTS: Compared to group I, patients in group II experienced a higher incidence of acute rejection episodes (40.7% vs 29.4%, P=0.02), reduced 5-year graft survival (81.1% vs 93.3%, P=0.002), and higher serum creatinine levels (1.7+/-1.2 mg/dl vs 1.4+/-0.5 mg/dl, P=0.03). In patients with low mean CsA trough levels, the incidence of acute rejection episodes was elevated (group A vs B, 50.0% vs 30.9%, P=0.008) and 5-year graft survival was reduced (group A vs B, 79.8% vs 89.5%, P=0.005). Multiple logistic regression analysis confirmed that the risk of graft failure within 5 years after transplantation was markedly elevated in group II (RR: 6.2, P=0.013) and in group A (RR: 8.9, P=0.008). Whereas the effect of CCV on 5-year graft survival was still evident in patients with normal or high mean CsA trough levels (>270 ng/ml, 81.9% vs 94.8%, P=0.0005), graft survival was independent from CCV in patients with low mean CsA trough levels (<270 ng/ml, 77.0% vs 81.7%, P=NS). CONCLUSIONS: Both, the intra-individual variability and the mean of polyclonal CsA trough levels influence long-term renal allograft survival. Targeting at sufficiently high mean CsA levels with a low intra-individual variability may help to further improve long-term renal allograft survival. 
PURPOSE: To evaluate reproducibility of total cerebral blood flow (CBF) measurements with phase contrast magnetic resonance imaging (pcMRI). MATERIALS AND METHODS: We repeated total CBF measurements in 15 healthy volunteers with and without cardiac triggering, and with and without repositioning. In eight volunteers measurements were performed at two different occasions. In addition, measurement of flow in a phantom was performed to validate MR measurements. RESULTS: A difference of 40.4 ml/minute was found between CBF measurements performed with and without triggering (P < 0.05). For repeated triggered measurements, the coefficient of variation (CV) was 7.1%, and for nontriggered measurements 10.3%. For repeated measurements with repositioning, the CV was 7.1% with and 11.2% without triggering. Repeated measurements at different occasions showed a CV of 8.8%. Comparing measured with real flow in the phantom, the triggered differed 4.9% and the nontriggered 8.3%. CONCLUSION: The findings of this study demonstrate that pcMRI is a reliable method to measure total CBF in terms of both accuracy and reproducibility. 
PURPOSE: To compare the reproducibility of left ventricular (LV) mass measurements using a black-blood half-Fourier single-shot fast spin-echo (SSFSE) and a segmented gradient echo magnetic resonance (MR) pulse sequence. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Breath-hold SSFSE and segmented gradient echo cardiac MR examinations were performed twice in 32 patients and manual detection of the LV endocardium and epicardium was applied by two blinded reviewers. The SSFSE pulse sequence allowed whole-heart coverage in a single breath hold, while multiple breath holds were required using the segmented gradient echo sequence. Spatial presaturation slabs were used with the SSFSE pulse sequence to reduce the field of view (FOV) and thereby achieve higher spatial resolution. RESULTS: Intraclass correlation coefficients were higher with the SSFSE pulse sequence than with the segmented gradient echo pulse sequence: intraobserver reproducibility reached 0.999 vs. 0.991; interobserver reproducibility: 0.997 vs. 0.981; and interstudy reproducibility: 0.998 vs. 0.936. These higher levels of reproducibility were confirmed on Bland and Altman plots. CONCLUSION: LV mass measurements can be assessed more reproducibly with the single breath-hold SSFSE technique than with the standard multiple breath-hold segmented gradient echo method. 
In this study, we tested the hypothesis that baseline corticosterone levels increase with a change from constant to variable feeding schedules. Captive red knots, Calidris canutus, were presented with food that was either available during the same time each day (constant) or starting at variable times during the day. Food intake rates, frequency of aggressive interactions, and baseline levels of corticosterone were measured. In the majority of cases, red knots showed higher plasma corticosterone concentrations during feeding schedules that were irregular than when food was available at consistent times. These findings are supported by a previous study that showed that red knots take a long time to adjust to the newly offered, predictable conditions of their aviary environment. The frequency of conflicts in the different groups and (size-corrected) body mass were not correlated with average corticosterone level. The results are examined in the light of literature showing that increases in corticosterone in response to acute, unpredictable events mediate behavioral responses such as increased explorative behavior and memory. For red knots that have to find their food on the temperate-zone mudflats in Western Europe, an increased circulating corticosterone level may be adaptive during periods when the patchily distribution of buried bivalves and the burying behavior of such prey presents them with a variable and unpredictable food supply.
PURPOSE: The study investigated the reproducibility of orbital blood flow measurements with color Doppler imaging (CDI) at different stages of observer experience. METHODS: The subjects were 31 healthy volunteers and 2 sequential groups of 25 glaucoma patients each. Repeated blood flow measurements (usually 3 sets) in orbital vessels (ophthalmic artery, short posterior ciliary arteries, central retinal artery, and central retinal vein) were performed by the same observer in a single session in each subject. RESULTS: The parameters with the best reproducibility were the resistance index (mean coefficient of variation [COV], 3.3-8.8%), the peak systolic velocity (mean COV, 6.9-13.7%), the time-averaged velocity (mean COV, 7.2-16.0%), and the systolic acceleration time (mean COV, 8.8-12.3%). The mean COV was greater (9.9-20.3%) for the other arterial flow parameters (end-diastolic velocity and systolic acceleration) and for the venous flow velocities (maximum and minimum). The COVs of the parameters were improved by 20-40% as the observer became more experienced in ophthalmic CDI. CONCLUSIONS: We confirm the general reliability of CDI measurements in orbital vessels and show that observer experience improves reproducibility. It appears, however, that observer performance in these measurements is vessel specific. 
OBJECTIVE: To develop a valid and reliable interviewer-administered questionnaire to measure the presence and severity of storage abnormality symptoms of incontinence, urgency, frequency and nocturia. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Subjects were 930 men and women aged >/=40 years, taking part in a randomized controlled trial of a continence nurse practitioner (CNP) service. Criterion validity was tested by comparing questionnaire responses to 24-h pad test and 3-day urinary diary. Responsiveness was assessed by comparing questionnaire responses before and after treatment. Questions about urgency were investigated for construct validity in patients taking part in the trial who underwent urodynamic investigation (243). Test-retest and inter-rater reliability was measured at approximately 6 days in subjects recruited to an associated epidemiological study (104 and 102, respectively). RESULTS: The questionnaire responses showed significant associations with pad-test and diary measures. Questions about the severity of daytime incontinence performed better than those measuring night-time incontinence. The response categories of soaked, wet, damp and almost dry had better associations with the pad test than other measures of the severity of incontinence. Test-retest and inter-rater reliability was good for all questions, and all were responsive to change in symptoms, showing significant differences before and after treatment. CONCLUSION: There is a clear need for standardization of measurement using well-validated instruments. This interviewer-administered questionnaire is valid, reliable and sensitive to change in a wide range of severity of symptoms, and in both men and women aged >/=40 years. The questionnaire provides a useful assessment tool for primary and secondary care in research and clinical settings. 
BACKGROUND: The maintenance of constant cerebral blood flow (CBF) as mean cerebral perfusion pressure (CPP) varies is commonly referred to as CBF-pressure autoregulation. The lower limit of autoregulation is the CPP at which the vasodilatory capacity is exhausted and flow falls with pressure. We evaluated variability in the magnitude of percent change in CBF during the hypotensive portion of the autoregulatory curve. We hypothesize that this variability, in normal animals, obeys a Gaussian distribution and characterizes a vasodilatory mechanism that is inherently different from that described by the lower limit. METHODS: Sixty-five male Sprague-Dawley rats were anesthetized with 0.5-1% halothane and 70% nitrous oxide in oxygen. Body temperature was maintained at 37 degrees C. Using a closed, superfused cranial window, CBF (as % of control) was determined using laser Doppler flowmetry (LDF) through the window with the intracranial pressure set at 10 mmHg. Animals with low vascular reactivity to inhaled carbon dioxide and superfused adenosine diphosphate (ADP) or acetylcholine were excluded. MABP was sequentially lowered by exsanguination to 100, 85, 70, 55, and 40 mmHg. Using the %CBF versus CPP plots for each curve (1) the lower limit of autoregulation was identified; (2) the pattern of autoregulation was classified as "peak" (a rise in LDF flow of at least 15% as arterial pressure was dropped), "classic" (plateau with a fall), or "none" (a fall in LDF flow of greater than 15%); (3) the area under the autoregulatory curve between CPPs of 30 and 90 mmHg was calculated; and (4) the magnitude of the %CBF response to hypotension was assessed by determining the %CBF at a CPP of 60 mmHg (%CBFCPP60). RESULTS: Of the 65 curves, 21 had the peak pattern, 33 the classic pattern, and 11 the none pattern. The %CBFCPP60 and autoregulatory area displayed Gaussian distributions, consistent with normal variability. Although %CBFCPP60, autoregulatory area, and pattern were significantly correlated (r or rho > 0.84, P < 0.001), the lower limit correlated weakly with autoregulatory area (r = 0.34, P = 0.012), and not at all with autoregulatory pattern or %CBFCPP60. CONCLUSIONS: The %CBFCPP60 measures an aspect of the autoregulatory curve that is distinct from the lower limit. The peak autoregulatory pattern indicates that vessels are dilating more than is necessary to maintain a plateau in response to the pressure decrease, whereas the none pattern existed in spite of acceptable vascular responses to inhaled carbon dioxide and superfused ADP or ACh and the lack of surgical trauma. These results provide a different view of autoregulation during hypotension, are most likely dependent on the highly regional CBF method used, and could have implications concerning potential cerebral ischemia and hypotension during anesthesia. 
To help us identify appropriate techniques and laboratories for measuring hormones, we studied the variability and reproducibility of assay measurements of androstanediol glucuronide, androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), DHEA sulfate, dihydrotestosterone, testosterone, androstanediol, androsterone glucuronide, and androsterone sulfate for five men. Four sets of two aliquots from each sample were sent to participating laboratories, and one set was used for analyses monthly for four consecutive months. For each assay, estimates of components of variance were then used to estimate the coefficient of variation, the intraclass correlation between measurements on different days from a given individual, and the minimum detectable relative difference for a standard design. These data indicate that for at least one of the laboratories a single sample with two laboratory replicates per sample of androstanediol glucuronide, androstenedrone, DHEA, DHEA sulfate, and dihydrotestosterone yields an intraclass correlation coefficient exceeding 0.80 and can be used to discriminate reliably among men. The results for testosterone, androstanediol, androsterone, glucuronide, and androsterone sulfate do not meet this test. These data do not allow us to estimate the component of variation that corresponds to repeated blood samples taken over time from the same man. This reliability study design is, however, entirely appropriate for the typical case-control study which utilizes only one sample per subject.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate patients treated for depression with respect to steady-state concentration of venlafaxine enantiomers, to quantify within- and between-subject variability and to study the possible influence of individual characteristics such as gender and age. METHODS: Thirty-five inpatients received venlafaxine orally at a fixed 300-mg daily dose. Blood samples were taken on day 14 and day 28 for therapeutic drug monitoring purposes. All measurements reflected steady-state trough values. In a first stage, plasma concentrations of racemic venlafaxine (V) and O-desmethylvenlafaxine (ODV) were measured using a gas chromatography method. In a second stage, (+)/(-) enantiomeric ratios for V and ODV were determined using a stereoselective capillary electrophoresis method. RESULTS: Interindividual variability was 77% and 33% for concentrations of racemic V and ODV, respectively. Intraindividual variability was below 20% for both compounds. Enantiomeric ratios did not statistically differ from unity, with median (+)/(-) ratios of 1.14 for V and 0.97 for ODV. ODV/V metabolite formation ratios for the (+) and (-) enantiomers did not significantly differ from each other (median values 2.85 and 2.37, respectively). However, reduced ODV/V ratio for the (-) enantiomer was strongly associated with decreased (+)/(-) ratio for V (r(S)=0.71, P<0.001) and increased (+)/(-) ratio for ODV (r(S)=-0.79, P<0.001). In contrast, ODV/V ratio for the (+) enantiomer did not significantly correlate with parent compound (+)/(-) ratio and correlated only weakly with metabolite (+)/(-) ratio (r(S)=-0.38, P<0.05). When compared with males, females displayed a significantly lower ODV/V ratio for the (-) enantiomer (median values 1.42 vs 5.08 on day 14, P<0.05) but not for the (+) enantiomer (median values 2.36 vs 3.27, n.s.). Analysis did not reveal any significant association between ODV/V ratios and age, weight, height, creatinine clearance, smoking or co-medication. A pharmacokinetic model at steady state was developed that postulated two different enzyme systems to contribute to O-desmethylation. ODV(-) formation was supposed to largely depend on a single pathway, possibly impaired in a patient subpopulation. ODV(+) formation was postulated to rely on both pathways to a similar extent. Model predictions were in close agreement with observations in patients. CONCLUSION: Observations, together with model-based simulations, suggested that marked stereoselectivity in a patient subgroup may be related with impairment of O-desmethylation greater for (-) than (+) venlafaxine. This hypothesis requires testing against phenotypic and genotypic characteristics of patients. 
The mRNA levels of the nucleotide excision DNA repair gene ERCC1 and the base excision DNA repair gene OGG1 were quantified in 43 healthy volunteers in a dietary intervention trial as markers for the DNA repair capacity. Nine samples were collected from each subject over a period of 52 days. Sampling took place from January to May. The mRNA levels of OGG1 and ERCC1 correlated closely (r = 0.86, P < 0.0001) after normalization to either 18S ribosomal RNA or to beta-actin mRNA. The levels of OGG1 and ERCC1 mRNA were relatively constant within an individual with intra-individual correlation (R(2) = 0.45-0.46) in a General Linear Model. The amounts of ERCC1 and OGG1 relative to 18S RNA were doubled in May compared with January. This coincided with an increase in the monthly influx of sunlight from 18 MJ/m(2) in January to 242 MJ/m(2) in May. The mRNA levels of both ERCC1 and OGG1 were positively correlated to the average daily influx of sunlight in the previous 30 and 5 days (r = 0.49; r = 0.37, respectively, P < 0.001). There were no significant effects of the dietary interventions. The inter-individual variation was 5-10-fold, which is more than the observed 2-3-fold seasonal variation. Thus, despite seasonal variation of the individual mRNA levels, the inter-person variation is still far larger than the intra-person variation, supporting the use as biomarkers.
PURPOSE: To assess inter- and intraobserver reproducibility for different techniques of measuring relative cerebral blood volume (rCBV) in patients with intracranial mass lesions. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Three independent observers (neuroradiology fellows) who were blinded to the histopathologic diagnosis performed rCBV measurements in 50 patients with various intracranial mass lesions. Three different methods were compared. With method 1, placement of a single region of interest was guided by a color overlay map. With methods 2 and 3, the highest rCBV value and the mean of repeated rCBV measurements, respectively, were recorded. Calculations of the intraclass correlation coefficient, coefficient of variation (CV), and descriptive statistics were used to determine the levels of reproducibility. A multiple linear regression model was used to evaluate for possible explanatory factors for interobserver variance. RESULTS: Method 2 had, overall, the best reproducibility of all techniques, with an intraclass interobserver correlation coefficient of 0.71 (indicating good agreement), interobserver CV of 30%, and intraobserver CV in the range of 32%-41%. Measurement variations between observers correlated significantly (P <.001) with increasing rCBV values. CONCLUSION: In this study, interobserver and intraobserver reproducibility of rCBV measurements were clinically acceptable. 
BACKGROUND: The use of the urinary bone degradation markers, NTx and free Dpd, in the diagnosis and monitoring of pathological bone resorption has been studied intensely. Urinary NTx and Dpd are normalized by creatinine to account for differences in diuresis. METHODS: We investigated the effects of storage (-20 degrees C for 119 days) on concentrations of NTx, Dpd and creatinine in the urine of 40 subjects. Precipitates (visible upon thawing) were resuspended, but specimens were not recentrifuged (in contrast to previous experiments). RESULTS: After storage at -20 degrees C, the NTx and creatinine concentrations in urine specimens were significantly decreased by about 18% and 22% (p < 0.01 and p < 0.0001), respectively. Thus, the quotient of NTx/creatinine was slightly increased after storage (p < 0.05). Free Dpd and free Dpd/creatinine were both significantly increased after storage (p < 0.0001)--by about 20% and 60%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: We suggest that storage at -20 degrees C frees Dpd and denatures the epitope used in NTx quantification, and that these changes are usually masked by the removal of free Dpd via recentrifugation and by the decrease in creatinine in NTx/creatinine. Additionally, we suggest that the quotient Dpd/NTx should be evaluated as an alternative to normalizing via creatinine excretion. 
The ring-infected erythrocyte surface antigen (RESA), is one of the falciparum malaria vaccine candidates rarely studied in Brazil. Fieldwork logistics to conduct serology studies is simplified when eluates from whole blood dried on filter paper can be used. Therefore, this study aimed to assess the inter-test reliability for the anti-RESA ELISA-based indices using eluates from filter paper and from serum samples. The study population consisted of 210 individuals (Brazil) from whom matched samples were collected. Anti-RESA ELISA-based index means (+/- S.D.) were 15.29% (+/-28.13%) for filter paper and 11.79% (+/-23.67%) for serum samples. The intra-class correlation coefficient was estimated to be 82.38%, indicating high test reliability. However, there was a significant tendency for filter paper test results to have higher values than serum sample test results (P < 0.001). Explanations for this finding may be the presence of haemoglobin in the eluates from filter paper, which may interfere with ELISA testing.
OBJECTIVE: To elucidate the neural mechanisms of depression. BACKGROUND: Despite extensive study, the neurophysiology of the brain's state(s) corresponding to depression remains uncertain. METHODS: HMPAO single photon emission computed tomographic (SPECT) scans were obtained from eight adults diagnosed with major depression resistant to medication (average age 51 years; 4 men) before and immediately after 10 days of 20 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) (2000 stimuli/daily 30' treatment). To maximize the likelihood that SPECT scans reflected the state of depression, rather than uncontrolled responses of patients to poorly constrained environments, HMPAO was administered while subjects performed a simple task involving continuous monitoring of the direction of a large arrow on a computer screen and continuously tapping with the left or right index finger according to the direction of the arrow. Mean baseline Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) score was 27.4 (SD = 8.3) and mean posttreatment BDI score was 17.5 (SD = 8.5). RESULTS: Treatment responders (defined by reduction in BDI score of > or = 30%) had significantly less pretreatment blood flow in the left amygdala compared with nonresponders. Responders demonstrated two patterns of change in regional blood flow with treatment: a reduction in orbitofrontal blood flow and/or a reduction in anterior cingulate blood flow. Nonresponders did not demonstrate any regional changes in blood flow with treatment. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that there may be either more than one state of depression, or that depression may be associated with more than one pattern of psychologic activity, which in turn defines the depressive experience for individual patients. 
This study was designed to determine the urinary concentrations of endogenous GHB over a one-week period, the variations that occur within those concentrations, and whether those variations are affected by normalization to urinary creatinine. Its purpose was to ascertain whether endogenous concentrations fluctuate to such an extent that they may be misinterpreted as due to GHB ingestion. Every urine void produced by eight GHB-free subjects (five males and three females) over a one-week period was individually collected and analyzed for the presence of endogenous GHB and creatinine. The results of the non-normalized and normalized concentrations were statistically analyzed. Non-normalized GHB concentrations ranged from 0.00 to 6.63 microg/mL over seven days. The coefficients of variation (CV) for the individual non-normalized data were 44.0% to 77.7%. When the data were normalized to creatinine, the concentrations ranged from 0.00 to 6.79 microg/mg. The CVs for the creatinine-normalized results were between 29.7% and 76.8%. Analysis of the differences in CVs by the paired t-test (alpha = 0.05) found these improvements to be statistically insignificant. Such normalization allows for correction of urinary dilution or concentration by the kidneys which may affect endogenous GHB concentrations. The data also suggest significant (p < 0.001) differences in median endogenous urinary concentrations of GHB between males and females using the Mann-Whitney test. Because of the small number of subjects in this study, further investigations are required to substantiate this observation. Some of the subjects in this study demonstrated a strong tendency to produce higher or lower GHB concentrations at consistent periods during the day. This was most evident when looking at the creatinine-normalized concentrations. The results of our study indicate that there are significant intra- and interindividual variations in the urinary concentrations of endogenous GHB. Furthermore, there are also wide variations between individuals in the total daily amount of GHB excreted in the urine. Nonetheless, no specimen's GHB concentration approached 10 microg/mL (non-normalized) or 10 microg/mg (normalized). This study of the variability in endogenous urinary GHB excretion supports the recommendation of 10 microg/mL as an appropriate cutoff to identify exogenous GHB exposure in the absence of rare genetic deficiencies such as GHB aciduria. Patients with such a deficiency should be readily identifiable through prominent symptoms, repeated urinalysis, or genetic testing.
PURPOSE: Perfusion MR imaging offers an easy quantitative evaluation of relative regional cerebral blood volume (rrCBV), relative mean transit time (rMTT) and time-to-peak (TTP). The purpose of this study was to investigate the reliability of these parameters in assessing the hemodynamic disturbance of carotid occlusive disease in comparison with normative data. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Dynamic contrast-enhanced T2*-weighted perfusion MR imaging was performed in 19 patients with symptomatic unilateral internal carotid artery occlusion and 20 control subjects. The three parameters were calculated from the concentration-time curve fitted by gamma-variate function. Lesion-to-contralateral ratios of each parameter were compared between patients and control subjects. RESULTS: Mean +/- SD of rrCBV, rMTT and TTP ratios of patients were 1.089 +/- 0.118, 1.054 +/- 0.031 and 1.062 +/- 0.039, respectively, and those of control subjects were 1.002 +/- 0.045, 1.000 +/- 0.006, 1.001 +/- 0.006, respectively. The rMTT and TTP ratios of all patients were greater than 2 SDs of control data, whereas in only 6 patients (32%), rrCBV ratios were greater than 2 SDs of control data. The three parameter ratios of the patients were significantly high compared with those of control subjects, respectively (p < 0.01 for rrCBV ratios, p < 0.0001 for rMTT ratios, and p < 0.0001 for TTP ratios). CONCLUSION: Our results indicate that rMTT and TTP of patients, in contrast to rrCBV, are distributed in narrow ranges minimally overlapped with control data. The rMTT and TTP could be more reliable parameters than rrCBV in assessing the hemodynamic disturbance in carotid occlusive disease. 
Simultaneous comparisons were made between a freezing-tolerant, cold-acclimating (CA) wild potato species (Solanum commersonii) and a freezing-sensitive, nonacclimating (NA) cultivated species (Solanum tuberosum). Comparative studies allowed differentiation of plasma membrane lipid changes associated with increased freezing tolerance following CA from lipid changes that can result from metabolic adjustment to reduced temperature during CA. Following CA treatment lipid changes found in both the NA and CA species included a decrease in palmitic acid, an increase in unsaturated to saturated fatty acid ratio, an increase in free sterols, an increase in sitosterol, and a slight decrease in cerebrosides. Lipid changes detected only in the acclimating species included an increase in phosphatidylethanolamine, a decrease in sterol to phospholipid ratio, an increase in linoleic acid, a decrease in linolenic acid, and an increase in acylated steryl glycoside to steryl glycoside ratio. These changes were either absent or opposite in the NA species, suggesting an association of these lipid changes with CA. Furthermore, the lipid changes associated with increased freezing tolerance during CA were distinct from lipid differences between the two species in the NA state.
Factors affecting the plasma concentrations of the R- and S-enantiomers of fluoxetine and norfluoxetine were investigated in 131 adult patients receiving long-term fluoxetine, of 10 to 60 mg/d (mean, 24 +/- 10 mg/d). Plasma concentration values (geometric means, CI 95%) in these patients were 186 (156, 223) nmol/L for S-fluoxetine, 67 (58, 77) nmol/L for R-fluoxetine, 247 (212, 287) nmol/L for S-norfluoxetine, and 118 (102, 137) nmol/L for R-norfluoxetine. The difference between the concentrations of the respective R- and S-enantiomers was statistically significant ( P< 0.0001) for both the parent drug and the demethylated metabolite. A significant correlation was found between the concentrations of each enantiomer and the prescribed daily dosage (r = 0.44, P< 0.0001 for S-fluoxetine; r = 0.48, P < 0.0001 for R-fluoxetine; r = 0.36, < 0.0001 for S-norfluoxetine; r = 0.32, P = 0.0003 for R-norfluoxetine), but the variability in concentration at any given dosage was considerable. When an iterative model based on multiple polynomial regressions was applied to determine the potential contributions of dosage, age, gender, body weight, and concomitant medication to the variability in the plasma concentration of the enantiomers, dosage was consistently found to provide the greatest predictive value. The predictive value of the model could be consistently improved when concentrations of other enantiomers were included as covariates. Of 58 patients with depressive symptoms for whom evaluation of clinical response (CGI scale) was available, 33 (57%) responded favorably to treatment. The plasma levels of individual enantiomers and of the active moiety (ActM, sum of the concentrations of R-fluoxetine, S-fluoxetine, and S-norfluoxetine) in these patients did not differ significantly from those found in patients with unsatisfactory therapeutic response. Likewise, the concentrations of individual enantiomers and of the ActM were similar in patients with or without adverse effects. Overall, these results demonstrate that the pharmacokinetics of fluoxetine and norfluoxetine exhibit marked stereoselectivity and considerable interpatient variability, which could not be explained by differences in gender, age, or comedication. In addition, a considerable variability was found in the enantiomers' concentrations associated with a favorable therapeutic response.
Green tea and tea polyphenols have been studied extensively as cancer chemopreventive agents in recent years. The bioavailability and metabolic fate of tea polyphenols in humans, however, are not clearly understood. In this report, the pharmacokinetic parameters of (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG), (-)-epigallocatechin (EGC), and (-)-epicatechin (EC) were analyzed after administration of a single oral dose of green tea or decaffeinated green tea (20 mg tea solids/kg) or EGCG (2 mg/kg) to eight subjects. The plasma and urine levels of total EGCG, EGC, and EC (free plus conjugated forms) were quantified by HPLC coupled to an electrochemical detector. The plasma concentration time curves of the catechins were fitted in a one-compartment model. The maximum plasma concentrations of EGCG, EGC, and EC in the three repeated experiments with green tea were 77.9 +/- 22.2, 223.4 +/- 35.2, and 124.03 +/- 7.86 ng/ml, respectively, and the corresponding AUC values were 508.2 +/- 227, 945.4 +/- 438.4, and 529.5 +/- 244.4 ng x h x ml(-1), respectively. The time needed to reach the peak concentrations was in the range of 1.3-1.6 h. The elimination half-lives were 3.4 +/- 0.3, 1.7 +/- 0.4, and 2.0 +/- 0.4 h, respectively. Considerable interindividual differences and variations between repeated experiments in the pharmacokinetic parameters were noted. Significant differences in these pharmacokinetic parameters were not observed when EGCG was given in decaffeinated green tea or in pure form. In the plasma, EGCG was mostly present in the free form, whereas EGC and EC were mostly in the conjugated form. Over 90% of the total urinary EGC and EC, almost all in the conjugated forms, were excreted between 0 and 8 h. Substantial amounts of 4'-O-methyl EGC, at levels higher than EGC, were detected in the urine and plasma. The plasma level of 4'-O-methyl EGC peaked at 1.7 +/- 0.5 h with a half life of 4.4 +/- 1.1 h. Two ring-fission metabolites, (-)-5-(3',4',5'-trihydroxyphenyl)-gamma-valerolactone (M4) and (-)-5-(3',4'-dihydroxyphenyl)-valerolactone (M6), appeared in significant amounts after 3 h and peaked at 8-15 h in the urine as well as in the plasma. These results may be useful for designing the dose and dose frequency in intervention studies with tea and for development of biomarkers of tea consumption.
OBJECTIVES: To test whether simply increasing plasma potassium with amiloride would exert any of the same beneficial effects on "surrogate outcome measures" that are seen with spironolactone. The latter has been shown to improve mortality in chronic heart failure, possibly as a result of improvements in endothelial dysfunction, vascular angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE), autonomic function, myocardial fibrosis, ventricular arrhythmias, and QT interval indices. DESIGN: Randomised, placebo controlled trial. SETTING: Teaching hospital. PATIENTS AND INTERVENTIONS: Double blind crossover study involving 10 patients with New York Heart Association functional class II-III chronic heart failure comparing 5 mg/day amiloride (one month) with placebo. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Endothelial function, vascular ACE, collagen markers, 24 hour ECG, and QT interval results. RESULTS: The amiloride induced increase in serum potassium (0.4 mmol/l) did not significantly change endothelial dysfunction, vascular ACE, collagen markers, or heart rate variability. However, amiloride significantly improved QT interval indices, reducing both QT dispersion (from 65.7 ms to 50.9 ms, p = 0.001) and mean maximal corrected QT (from 445 ms to 435 ms, p = 0.008). Amiloride also reduced ventricular extrasystoles (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Amiloride shortens QT interval length and reduces ventricular extrasystoles in chronic heart failure, implying that this effect is caused by potassium retention per se. However, unlike spironolactone, amiloride did not improve endothelial dysfunction, vascular ACE, heart rate variability, or myocardial fibrosis, implying that spironolactone improves these latter effects by aldosterone blockade rather than by simply increasing serum potassium. Therefore, amiloride has fewer beneficial mechanistic effects than spironolactone, but it does share with spironolactone the ability to shorten the QT interval and reduce ventricular extrasystoles. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of tibolone on heart rate variability and plasma free fatty acid levels in postmenopausal women. DESIGN: Randomized, placebo-controlled trial. SETTING: University hospital. PATIENT(S): Thirty postmenopausal women. INTERVENTION(S): Tibolone, 2.5 mg/d, or placebo for 4 months. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Variability in heart rate and changes in the lipid profile. RESULT(S): Anthropometric data were unchanged throughout the study. Compared with placebo, long-term tibolone administration was associated with a decrease in plasma levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride, and free fatty acid and homeostasis model assessment index. Furthermore, tibolone administration was associated with an increase in RR interval, total power, and high frequency and decrease in low frequency and the low frequency/high frequency ratio. Finally, the delta decrease in plasma free fatty acid levels correlated with delta low frequency/high frequency ratio independently of age, delta body mass index, delta homeostasis model assessment index, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. CONCLUSION(S): Long-term tibolone administration improves the ratio of cardiac sympathetic tone to parasympathetic tone in postmenopausal women. 
The frequency distribution of CYP3A activity was investigated by measuring ratios of urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol to free cortisol in 487 healthy subjects to determine whether a genetic polymorphism for this cytochrome enzyme exists in "native-born" Japanese persons. Spot urine samples (from 9:00 am to 12:00 pm) were collected for measurement of 6beta-hydroxycortisol and free cortisol by high-performance liquid chromatography with a CN column after extracting with a solid-phase column (Bond-Elut C18). The frequency distribution of the urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol to free cortisol was widely distributed among subjects but with no clear bimodality by a probit plot. Furthermore, the frequency distribution assessed on a new normal test variable plot indicated the possible existence of a CYP3A sexual dimorphism. Mean 6beta-hydroxycortisol levels were higher in women (n = 249) than in men (n = 238) by 1.7-fold, and this difference was statistically significant (P < 0.01). These results show that a CYP3A genetic polymorphism in Japanese persons, based on 6beta-hydroxycortisol excretions, likely does not exist, but there appears to be a broad unimodal distribution of enzyme activity in the population.
OBJECTIVE: To compare the glycemic profiles of patients with type 1 diabetes treated with either an implantable insulin pump or pancreas or islet transplantation by the means of the continuous glucose monitoring system (CGMS; Minimed, Sylmar, CA). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The CGMS enabled recording of subcutaneous glucose concentrations (range 2.2-22 mmol/l) over 72 h (288 measurements per day). Over 3 days, 26 patients with type 1 diabetes were connected to a CGMS: 10 patients were treated with intraperitoneal insulin infusion through an implantable pump (IPII), 9 patients were treated with simultaneous pancreas-kidney transplantation (SPK), and 7 patients were treated with pancreatic islet transplantation after kidney grafting (IAK). All SPK patients and four IAK patients were insulin independent, whereas three IAK patients had partial graft function and reduced exogenous insulin needs. Glucose control was evaluated by the mean glucose concentration, glucose variability, and the number and duration of hypoglycemic events (<3.3 mmol/l) over 3 days. RESULTS: The mean glucose concentration and the glucose variability in SPK and IAK patients were significantly lower than those observed in patients treated with IPII: 5.38 +/- 1.12 and 5.83 +/- 0.81 vs. 7.81 +/- 1.55 mmol/l (P < 0.001) and 1.40 +/- 0.42 and 1.32 +/- 0.53 vs. 3.47 +/- 1.66 mmol/l (P < 0.001), respectively. Furthermore, the mean glucose concentration and the glucose variability were comparable between SPK and IAK patients. Over 3 days, no hypoglycemic events were observed in SPK patients and insulin-independent IAK patients. A total of 4.12 +/- 1.66 hypoglycemic events were detected in the IPII patient group, whereas only 0.66 +/- 0.57 events were observed in IAK patients with partial graft function (P < 0.001). The duration of the hypoglycemic events was significantly longer in IPII patients as compared with IAK patients: 64 +/- 33 vs. 30 +/- 15 min for the day period and 130 +/- 62 vs. 30 +/- 27 min for the night period (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Use of subcutaneous CGMS confirms that islet transplantation can be as efficient as pancreas transplantation in restoring good metabolic control and reducing blood glucose variability. Metabolic improvement due to use of an implantable insulin pump requires insulin delivery by a closed loop. 
Interindividual variation in the concentration of plasma lipids which are associated with coronary artery disease (CAD) risk is determined by a combination of genetic and environmental factors. This study investigates the effects of apoE genotype and plasma concentration on cholesterol and triglycerides (TG) levels in subjects from five countries: Finland, France, Northern Ireland, Portugal, and Spain. Age and sex significantly influenced serum cholesterol, TG and apoE concentrations. The age effect differs in males and females. The allele frequencies of the apoE gene, one of the most widely studied CAD susceptibility genes, were determined: the epsilon2 allele frequency and the apoE concentration showed a north-south increasing gradient while the epsilon4 allele frequency showed the reverse. ApoE plays an important role in lipid metabolism. Total cholesterol and TG concentrations were significantly dependent on apoE genotype in both sexes. These differences in lipids between genotypes were more pronounced when plasma apoE concentrations were taken into account.
BACKGROUND: Infection with transfusion transmitted virus, a new member of the Parvoviridae family, has been found in patients both with chronic and fulminant post-transfusion cryptogenic hepatitis. AIM: To evaluate the prevalence and clinical impact of transfusion transmitted virus infection in Italy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Studies were carried out on 256 patients and control subjects from three centres from Northern, Central and Southern Italy (92 nonA-nonC chronic hepatitis, 10 acute non fulminant cryptogenic hepatitis, 41 hepatitis C virus-related chronic hepatitis and 113 blood donors). Serum transfusion transmitted virus was detected by nested polymerase chain reaction using two overlapping sets of primers. RESULTS: A total of 52 of the 92 patients (54.3%) with chronic cryptogenic liver disease and 17 of the 41 hepatitis C virus chronic hepatitis patients (41.4%) were transfusion transmitted virus-DNA positive. Transfusion transmitted virus co-infection in hepatitis C virus patients was not associated with either a higher severity of liver histology or higher alanine transaminase levels or signs of cholestasis, transfusion transmitted virus was found in 48 out of 113 (42.4%) blood donors. In the majority of samples, transfusion transmitted virus DNA was detected with only one of the two sets of primers used. Genotyping and phylogenetic analysis performed on 21 randomly selected viral isolates showed the presence of both type 1 and type 2 transfusion transmitted virus and allowed identification of two isolates with high homology to genotype 6, described, so far, mostly in Japan. CONCLUSIONS: Transfusion transmitted virus type 1 and 2 infection is common among blood donors and patients with liver disease in Italy. The pathogenic potential of transfusion transmitted virus type 1 and 2 in nonA-nonC hepatitis patients is unlikely but further studies are needed to evaluate the epidemiological and clinical impact of other transfusion transmitted virus subtypes. 
The object was to assess the variability in displayed International Normalised Ratio (INR) between monitors of the same manufacture using whole blood samples from the same subjects. Two brands of monitor, CoaguChek Mini and the TAS PT-NC were tested. 14 instruments of each brand were tested on the same day at the same laboratory by the same operator using identical blood samples to avoid between-centre differences in samples and operator technique. Whole blood samples from two normal donors and four coumarin-treated patients were tested to assess between-instrument variability of INR. Results have been coded. There was a much wider dispersion of INR on Brand B than on Brand A. One Brand A instrument failed to give a result with one of the two whole blood samples from one patient. One Brand B monitor gave an aberrant result with one of the samples from a normal subject. On both brands of monitor, INR variability appeared to be due mainly to duplication differences rather than between-instrument variability on both normal and coumarin whole blood samples.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the feasibility and reproducibility of the blood flow index (BFI) method for measuring cerebral blood flow. DESIGN AND SETTING: Prospective functional study in pediatric intensive care. PATIENTS AND PARTICIPANTS: 14 consecutive patients with median age of 2 months (range 1 days-11 years) requiring artificial ventilation, invasive arterial blood pressure monitoring, and central venous access. INTERVENTIONS: The first passage of an intravenous indocyanine green (ICG) bolus through the cerebral vasculature was monitored by noninvasive near-infrared spectroscopy. BFI was calculated by dividing maximal ICG absorption change by rise time. Reproducibility was evaluated by six ICG injections at 5-min intervals. RESULTS: Of all ICG injections 6% were canceled, and 4% were eliminated due to injection failures. Median BFI of 17 reproducibility determinations was 71 (range 12-213) and median coefficient of variation (CV) of BFI was 10% (4.9-18.5). The quantity of ICG bolus did not affect the CV (0.1 vs. 0.3 mg ICG/kg). Eight reproducibility tests in patients after cardiac surgery had smaller CV than the others, and the eight in newborns had higher CV than in older children. Patient parameters such as arterial blood pressure, endtidal CO(2), and percutaneous oxygen saturation were stable and showed CV below 2% during reproducibility determination. CONCLUSIONS: The BFI method allows rapid and repeated measurements of CBF with good feasibility and reproducibility. As a relative but not absolute measure of CBF, BFI seems to be suited for clinical evaluation of intraindividual CBF changes during determination of cerebrovascular reactivities or during therapeutic interventions. 
We established a quantitative real-time RT-PCR assay for the detection of chimeric BCR-ABL transcripts in archival formalin-fixed bone marrow trephines, both acrylate-embedded and paraffin-embedded. This new methodology enables determination of transcript levels in direct comparison to histopathological findings and therapeutic interventions during the time course of the disease in a retrospective and a prospective manner. We found an excellent correlation between the quantitative molecular data and the morphological evaluation as well as the clinical outcome for a cohort of chronic myeloid leukemia patients (n = 10). To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study demonstrating the feasibility of large-scale quantitative expression analysis in archival bone marrow trephines for monitoring molecular markers over several years or even decades.
BACKGROUND AND METHODS: Lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] levels represent an independent risk factor for cardio- and cerebrovascular diseases. Since lipoprotein(a) levels show a wide variability even in subjects with similar apolipoprotein(a) isoforms, we investigated the contribution of apolipoprotein(a) heterozygosity to lipoprotein(a) variance. Lipoprotein(a) levels, apolipoprotein(a) isoforms identification and expression, and the correlation with other lipo-apolipoprotein parameters have been investigated in 628 subjects >18 years of age. RESULTS: In our study, 246 subjects were found heterozygous for apolipoprotein(a) isoforms. Lipoprotein(a) levels were higher in females. About 40% of the subjects expressed the larger isoform more intensely than the dominant isoform. Lipoprotein(a) was correlated with apolipoprotein(a) dominant isoform size, HDL-cholesterol and smaller apolipoprotein(a) isoform expression rate. Lipoprotein(a) was independently correlated with the smaller apolipoprotein(a) isoform, with its expression rate and with LDL-cholesterol. The inclusion of the smaller apolipoprotein(a) expression rate in a multiple regression model explained at least an additional 4% of the lipoprotein(a) variance after correction for apolipoprotein(a) size. CONCLUSIONS: The smaller isoforms are not always effectively dominant in heterozygosis since 40% of the subjects expressed more the larger isoform. The individual variability of apolipoprotein(a) isoform expression in heterozygosis could explain part of the lipoprotein(a) levels variability. 
BACKGROUND: The intra-individual variability of plasma lipids and apolipoproteins has not been studied systematically in familial combined hyperlipidemia (FCHL). METHODS: Intra-individual changes in fasting plasma lipids and apolipoproteins B and AI were determined in 18 untreated FCHL subjects and 16 unrelated, normolipidemic subjects. Participants were matched for gender, age and body mass index. The mean follow-up period of fasting plasma lipids was 48.91 +/- 35.46 (mean +/- S.D.) days. Postprandial lipemia was determined on 3 different days in 1 week in 90 healthy controls and 17 untreated FCHL subjects by the area under the diurnal capillary triglyceride curve (TGc-AUC). RESULTS: The coefficients of variation (CVs) for fasting plasma TG were similar between FCHL (23.2 +/- 10.2%) and controls (20.4 +/- 8.2%). The CVs for HDL-C, apo B and apo AI were the lowest of all fasting plasma measurements in both groups and there was no significant difference between FCHL (12.8 +/- 8.2%, 13.2 +/- 15.8% and 6.4 +/- 5.2%, respectively) and controls (11.4 +/- 4.3%, 11.3 +/- 10.6% and 7.8 +/- 4.6%, respectively). The CVs for postprandial lipemia were not different between FCHL (15.9 +/- 11.3%) and controls (15.1 +/- 11.0%), and were significantly lower than the CV of fasting capillary TG (TGc) in the same period (36.3 +/- 24.7% and 24.9 +/- 17.2%, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Our study does not provide evidence for short-term major changes in fasting or postprandial lipemia or apolipoproteins in FCHL when systematically compared to healthy controls. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate day-to-day variability of serial blood glucose concentration curves in dogs with diabetes mellitus. DESIGN: Prospective clinical study. ANIMALS: 10 dogs with diabetes mellitus. PROCEDURE: Paired 12-hour serial blood glucose concentration curves performed during 2 consecutive days were obtained on 3 occasions from each dog. Dogs received the same dose of insulin and meal every 12 hours on both days. For each pair of curves, comparison was made between the results of days 1 and 2. RESULTS: Mean absolute difference (without regard to sign) between days 1 and 2 for each parameter was significantly > 0, disproving the hypothesis that there is minimal day-to-day variability of serial blood glucose concentration curves when insulin dose and meals are kept constant. Coefficient of variation of the absolute difference between days 1 and 2 for each parameter ranged from 68 to 103%. Evaluation of the paired curves led to an opposite recommendation for adjustment of the insulin dose on day 2, compared with day 1, on 27% of occasions. Disparity between dosage recommendations was more pronounced when glucose concentration nadir was < 180 mg/dL (10 mmol/L) on 1 or both days. In this subset of 20 paired curves, an opposite recommendation for dosage adjustment was made on 40% of occasions. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: There is large day-to-day variation in parameters of serial blood glucose concentration curves in diabetic dogs. Day-to-day variability of serial blood glucose concentration curves has important clinical implications, particularly in dogs with good glycemic control. 
Differences in methods of reverse-transcriptase (RT)-polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-based detection of tumour cells in the blood gives rise to conflicting results, and standardisation is urgently needed. This pilot study aimed to assess the variation of RT-PCR-based detection of tumour cells in blood between four different laboratories using a commercially available kit with a standardised protocol. This kit allows comparison of results from different laboratories and facilitates the investigation of the influence of pre-analytical parameters. All laboratories analysed identical sets of blood samples spiked with tumour cells in a concentration range of 1-100 tumour cells/ml. To study at which level variation was introduced, three kinds of sample sets were generated in which (i) tumour cell RNA was spiked in the RNA of mononuclear cells (MNC), (ii) tumour cells were spiked in isolated MNC, and (iii) tumour cells were spiked in blood. Real-time quantitative RT-PCR was used to detect and quantify cytokeratin 20 (CK20) expression, which is indicative for the presence of epithelial tumour cells. All laboratories were able to detect CK20 expression in all spiked-RNA samples with limited variation in expression levels between laboratories. There was a positive correlation between the amount of spiked tumour cell RNA and CK20 expression level. RT-PCR analysis of spiked-MNC samples resulted in more variation in the CK20 expression levels between laboratories, however again all spiked samples were reported to be positive by all of the laboratories. The evaluation of spiked-blood samples gave rise to considerable quantitative and qualitative variation between the laboratories. Our results underline the importance and need for standardisation and extended quality control studies in the field of pre-analytics.
Hair samples were collected from 60 patients receiving long-term methadone maintenance: 50 were taking the drug orally and 10 were receiving the drug by intravenous injection. The amount of methadone present in the hair samples was measured using methanolic extraction, derivatization of the extracts with MTBSTFA, followed by electron impact gas chromatography-mass spectrometry operating in selected ion monitoring mode. The limit of quantitation for the assay was 0.4 ng/mg hair. The dose/concentration relationship for methadone in hair was investigated. No interindividual correlation between prescribed dose and concentration of methadone in hair was observed.
Peripheral blood is representative of many systemic processes and is an ideal sample for expression profiling of diseases that have no known or accessible lesion. Peripheral blood is a complex mixture of cell types and some differences in peripheral blood gene expression may reflect the timing of sample collection rather than an underlying disease process. For this reason, it is important to assess study design factors that may cause variability in gene expression not related to what is being analyzed. Variation in the gene expression of circulating peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from three healthy volunteers sampled three times one day each week for one month was examined for 1,176 genes printed on filter arrays. Less than 1% of the genes showed any variation in expression that was related to the time of collection, and none of the changes were noted in more than one individual. These results suggest that observed variation was due to experimental variability.
OBJECTIVES: To determine the variability of prostate-specific antigen (PSA) in the breast ductal fluid (nipple aspiration fluid, NAF) during the menstrual cycles of healthy premenopausal women. METHODS: Fifteen female volunteers underwent weekly nipple aspiration of ductal fluid from both breasts for the duration of two menstrual cycles. A highly sensitive and specific Third Generation PSA Assay (IMMULITE); Diagnostic Products Corporation, DPC) was used to detect NAF and serum PSA. Associations between NAF PSA and paired serum hormone levels of the pituitary-ovarian axis were tested using the Spearman rank correlation and the Wilcoxon signed rank test. Analysis of variance on log transformed NAF PSA was used to determine the intra- and intervolunteer variability. RESULTS: NAF PSA ranged from <0.003 to 133,330 ng PSA/g total protein (median 2,030 ng/g). No repeatable pattern of change was observed for individual volunteers and no significant association between NAF PSA and any pituitary-ovarian axis serum hormone was detected. There was no correlation between serum and NAF PSA. CONCLUSIONS: Weekly NAF sampling in healthy premenopausal women to provide adequate volumes for PSA analysis was successfully achieved. Considerable variation was observed for NAF PSA, which may limit the future potential for this tumor marker in NAF. This variability was not associated with hormones of the pituitary-ovarian axis and did not show repeated cyclical variability during the menstrual cycle. Serum PSA does not appear to be an acceptable indicator of NAF PSA levels. 
BACKGROUND: Approximately 6% of all elderly nursing home residents receive phenytoin. Phenytoin concentrations are often measured to guide therapy. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the intraresident variability among multiple measurements of total phenytoin serum concentrations in nursing home residents. METHODS: This was an observational study of 56 elderly (>or=65 years) nursing home residents from 32 nursing homes who had at least 3 phenytoin concentrations measured while on the same dose of phenytoin for at least 4 weeks and who were not taking any interfering concomitant medications. These were a subset of 387 elderly nursing home residents from 112 nursing homes across the United States who had total phenytoin concentration measurements between June 1998 and December 2000. RESULTS: The mean age was 80.1 years (range, 65 to 100 years) and 58.9% were women. The mean daily dose of phenytoin per resident was 4.9 +/- 1.5 mg/kg. Total phenytoin concentrations within an elderly nursing home resident varied as much as two- to threefold, even though there was no change in dose. The person with the smallest variability had a minimum concentration of 10.0 micro g/mL and a maximum of 10.4 micro g/mL. The person with the largest variability had a minimum concentration of 9.7 micro g/mL and a maximum of 28.8 micro g/mL. CONCLUSIONS: There is considerable variability in the total phenytoin concentrations in the elderly nursing home resident and measurement of a single total phenytoin concentration should not be used to guide treatment. 
Ritonavir (RTV) strongly increases the concentrations of protease inhibitors (PIs) in plasma in patients given a combination of RTV and another PI. This pharmacological interaction is complex and poorly characterized and shows marked inter- and intraindividual variations. In addition, RTV interacts differently with saquinavir (SQV), indinavir (IDV), amprenavir (APV), and lopinavir (LPV). In this retrospective study on 542 human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients, we compared inter- and intraindividual variability of plasma PI concentrations and correlations between the C(min) (minimum concentration of drug in plasma) values for RTV and the coadministered PI C(min) values. Mean RTV C(min)s are significantly lower in patients receiving combinations containing APV or LPV than in combinations with SQV or IDV. With the most common PI dose regimens (600 mg of IDV twice a day [BID], 800 mg of SQV BID, and 400 mg of LPV BID), the interindividual C(min) variability of patients treated with a PI and RTV seemed to be lower with APV and LPV than with IDV and SQV. As regards intraindividual variability, APV also differed from the other PIs, exhibiting lower C(min) variability than with the other combinations. Significant positive correlations between RTV C(min) and boosted PI C(min) were observed with IDV, SQV, and LPV, but not with APV. Individual dose adjustments must take into account the specificity the pharmacological interaction of each RTV/PI combination and the large inter- and intraindividual variability of plasma PI levels to avoid suboptimal plasma drug concentrations which may lead to treatment failure and too high concentrations which may induce toxicity and therefore reduce patient compliance.
We used implanted miniature data loggers to measure brain (in or near the hypothalamus) and carotid arterial blood temperatures at 5 min intervals in six free-ranging ostriches Struthio camelus in their natural habitat, for a period of up to 14 days. Carotid blood temperature exhibited a large amplitude (3.0-4.6 degrees C) circadian rhythm, and was positively correlated with air temperature. During the day, brain temperature exceeded carotid blood temperature by approx. 0.4 degrees C, but there were episodes when brain temperature was lowered below blood temperature. Selective brain cooling, however, was not present in all ostriches, and was not tightly coupled to the prevailing body temperature. Brain temperature was maintained within narrow daily limits of approx. 2 degrees C, and varied significantly less than blood temperature at short time scales of 5 to 20 min. At night, brain temperature exceeded blood temperature by as much as 3 degrees C. We attribute the elevated brain temperatures to warming of cerebral arterial blood, by reduced heat exchange in the ophthalmic rete or possibly heat gain from cranial structures, before supplying the hypothalamus. Further studies are necessary to elucidate the significance of such variations in brain temperature and the importance of selective brain cooling in free-living birds.
AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The purpose of this study was to determine whether plasma glucose variability, irrespective of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), was able to predict the onset of retinopathy in Type 2 diabetic patients. METHODS: The study was based on a cohort of 130 Type 2 diabetic patients without retinopathy recruited from June 1994 to June 1998. The fundus was reexamined between November 2000 and June 2001, with a mean follow-up period of 5.2 years. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) variability was measured by its variation coefficient (VC). Stratified and multivariate models were used to estimate the effect of FPG variability and mean HbA1c during follow-up on cumulative incidence (IP) of retinopathy. RESULTS: The IP of retinopathy was 36.2% and increased all along the quartiles of FPG variability (P=.001). In multivariate analyses, only the last quartile of the distribution of VC (OR=3.68; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.01-13.4; P=.049) was significant. The term of interaction between mean HbA1c and VC was not significant. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: FPG variability fulfills criteria to be considered a risk factor for retinopathy: A statistically significant association exists after adjustment for confounders, time sequence, dosage response gradient, and biological plausibility. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine the variability of serum estrogens in response to transdermal estrogen replacement therapy (ET), and to determine the effects on androgens and sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG). DESIGN: Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. SETTING: Women's hospital. PATIENT(S): Two groups of postmenopausal women: [1] 21 women not on ET enrolled and 17 completed the study; [2] 19 women on continuous transdermal ET enrolled and 13 completed the study. INTERVENTION(S): Women not on ET were administered a placebo patch or a newly initiated estrogen patch, then crossed over to the alternate treatment. Serum samples were obtained at baseline and the subsequent 3 days from the placebo and new-patch groups and from a separate group of women receiving continuous estrogen patch treatment. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Estradiol (E(2)), estrone, estrone sulfate, T, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), androstenedione, free androgen index, and SHBG. RESULT(S): There was considerable intrapatient and interpatient variability in the estrogen response to identical treatment doses, with E(2) values differing between women as much as 138 pg/mL and E(2) increases above baseline differing as much as 90 pg/mL. Continuous treatment increased SHBG and decreased androstenedione levels; however, levels of T, DHEA, DHEAS, and free androgen index did not change. CONCLUSION(S): There is great variability of estrogen in response to transdermal ET, but minimal effect on circulating androgens. 
Limited information exists on the relations between heart rate variability, hypertension, lifestyle factors and renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system. A total of 191 newly diagnosed yet untreated hypertensive men and women, 35-54 years of age, were compared with an age- and gender-stratified random population sample of 105 normotensive men and women to find out independent determinants of heart rate variability. Heart rate variability was computed from 5-min ECG time series using the standard deviation of normal-to-normal RR intervals (SDNN), the square root of the mean of squared differences between adjacent normal RR intervals (RMSSD) and the fast Fourier transform spectral analysis. All absolute measures of heart rate variability were reduced in hypertension (P<0.001 for each, ANOVA). In multivariate regression analyses, reduced heart rate variability was independently associated with higher heart rate (P<0.001 for all absolute measures of heart rate variability), higher age (P=0.001 for SDNN, total and LF powers; P<0.001 for RMSSD and HF power) and higher mean arterial pressure (P<0.05 for total power, P<0.01 for the other absolute measures) but not with sodium and alcohol intakes, body mass index and smoking. Increased plasma renin activity (PRA) was an independent attributor of reduced HF power (P<0.05) and reduced RMSSD (P<0.01). Increased blood pressure and heart rate are associated with decreased heart rate variability without any direct effects on heart rate variability of lifestyle factors. High PRA is an independent determinant of diminished modulation of vagal activity.
OBJECTIVES: Patients with heart failure have increased circulating levels of tumor necrosis factor (TNF) and TNF receptors. It is not known whether TNF, which is known to blunt beta-adrenergic responsiveness in experimental models, contributes to the loss of heart rate variability in patients with heart failure. Therefore, we examined heart rate variability in relation to circulating levels of TNF, TNF receptors, and norepinephrine in patients with heart failure and in control subjects. METHODS: Heart rate variability was obtained from 24-h ambulatory ECG recordings in age-matched control subjects (n = 10) and patients with mild (n = 15) to moderate (n = 14) heart failure. Plasma levels of TNF and soluble type 1 and 2 TNF receptors were measured by enzyme-linked immunoassay; plasma norepinephrine levels were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography. RESULTS: There was a significant inverse linear correlation between increased circulating levels of TNF, TNF receptors, and norepinephrine for time-domain and frequency-domain indexes of heart rate variability among patients with heart failure and control subjects. Multiple stepwise linear regression analysis showed that TNF was a stronger independent predictor of frequency-domain indexes of heart rate variability than norepinephrine. CONCLUSIONS: TNF is an independent predictor of depressed heart rate variability in patients with heart failure. Insofar as TNF blunts beta-adrenergic signaling, this study suggests the possibility that overexpression of TNF and subsequent loss of beta-adrenergic responsiveness contributes to the decrease in heart rate variability observed in heart failure. 
BACKGROUND: Numerous variations of the methionine load test are frequently used as dynamic function tests to assess homocysteine metabolism. Lack of standardization impedes inter-laboratory comparisons. Criteria based on biological variation are suggested to standardize the methionine load test. METHODS: Weekly methionine load tests (n=5) with blood sampling at 0, 4, 6 and 8 h were performed on 15 young men. For both basal and post-methionine load homocysteine measurements, total variance (sigma(S)(2)), within-subject variance (sigma(I)(2)), between-subject variance (sigma(G)(2)) and analytical variance (sigma(A)(2)) were calculated from an appropriate analysis of variance (ANOVA). RESULTS: Plasma homocysteine concentrations measured 6 h after methionine loading had analytical, within-subject and between-subject coefficients of variation of 5.2%, 17.5% and 9.7%, respectively. Measurements at 4 h had a higher within-subject coefficient of variation. Adjustment of post-methionine load homocysteine concentrations for basal levels resulted in considerable increases of all the measures of variation. CONCLUSIONS: Adjustment of post-methionine load plasma homocysteine concentrations for basal levels does not improve the interpretation of changes in serial results due to the higher analytical and biological variance of adjusted concentrations. It is suggested that the methionine load test is standardized to a single, unadjusted homocysteine measurement at 6 h. 
BACKGROUND: Genetic variations in the interleukin (IL)-10 gene promoter have been associated with levels of induced production of IL-10, disease susceptibility, and allograft rejection. Small amounts of this cytokine are constitutively produced and are important in maintaining the physiologic function of the cytokine network. In this study, we evaluated the distribution of IL-10 basal levels and its genetic regulation in a healthy Spanish population. METHODS: Polymorphisms at the -1,082, -819, and -512 positions of the IL-10 promoter were analyzed by polymerase chain reaction amplification and hybridization with fluorescent-labeled allele-specific probes in 183 Spanish people. Levels of IL-10 messenger (m)RNA were tested by real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction in 123 healthy donors. Serum concentrations of IL-10 were measured by a highly sensitive ELISA, whereas protein amounts in lipopolysaccharide culture supernatants were quantified by an in-house ELISA. RESULTS: The frequency of IL-10 promoter alleles and haplotypes in our population showed remarkable differences from other Caucasian populations. Large interindividual variations were found in mRNA and protein constitutive levels of IL-10, which allowed its classification in low and intermediate/high producers. We found statistical differences in mRNA concentration between the polymorphic variant GCC/GCC and the low producer genotypes. The G allele at position -1082 was the most important genetic factor in the regulation of constitutive IL-10 mRNA levels. Similarly, we also found an association of this polymorphic position with serum concentration greater than 2 pg/mL. CONCLUSIONS: Constitutive levels of IL-10 (mRNA and serum protein) displayed remarkable interindividual variations, which are genetically controlled by polymorphic variants at the cytokine gene promoter. 
Reliability of serum levels of iron, ferritin and nitrite (NO(2)(-)) over a 2-year period were evaluated in 40 healthy women (20 pre-menopausal and 20 post-menopausal), ages 39-65 years, from the New York University Women's Health Study (NYUWHS). Three blood samples per woman collected at yearly intervals were analyzed. Reliability coefficients (RCs) of serum iron, ferritin, and nitrite were 0.03 (95% confidence interval (CI), 0-0.33), 0.90 (95% CI, 0.79-0.95), and 0.72 (95% CI, 0.50-0.86), respectively, for pre-menopausal women, and 0.26 (95% CI, 0-0.56), 0.77 (95% CI, 0.59-0.89), and 0.55 (95% CI, 0.30-0.77), respectively, for post-menopausal women. In a case-control study nested within NYUWHS cohort, serum levels of nitrite, ferritin, and iron were measured in women apparently healthy at the time of blood donation but diagnosed with renal cancer 1.8-12.2 years later (n=24) and in individually matched controls (two per case). The results suggest that high serum levels of ferritin and nitrite may be associated with a decreased risk of renal cancer (odds ratio (OR), 0.55, 95% CI, 0.15-2.01 for ferritin, and OR, 0.52, 95% CI, 0.17-1.60 for nitrite in women with above median level as compared to women with below median level). The possible role of ferritin and nitrite in renal cancer is discussed.
BACKGROUND: The choice of the correct concentration of potential uremic toxins for in vitro, ex vivo, and in vivo experiments remains a major area of concern; errors at this level might result in incorrect decisions regarding therpeutic correction of uremia and related clinical complications. METHODS: An encyclopedic list of uremic retention solutes was composed, containing their mean normal concentration (CN), their highest mean/median uremic concentration (CU), their highest concentration ever reported in uremia (CMAX), and their molecular weight. A literature search of 857 publications on uremic toxicity resulted in the selection of data reported in 55 publications on 90 compounds, published between 1968 and 2002. RESULTS: For all compounds, CU and/or CMAX exceeded CN. Molecular weight was lower than 500 D for 68 compounds; of the remaining 22 middle molecules, 12 exceeded 12,000 D. CU ranged from 32.0 ng/L (methionine-enkephalin) up to 2.3 g/L (urea). CU in the ng/L range was found especially for the middle molecules (10/22; 45.5%), compared with 2/68 (2.9%) for a molecular weight <500 D (P < 0.002). Twenty-five solutes (27.8%) were protein bound. Most of them had a molecular weight <500 D except for leptin and retinol-binding protein. The ratio CU/CN, an index of the concentration range over which toxicity is exerted, exceeded 15 in the case of 20 compounds. The highest values were registered for several guanidines, protein-bound compounds, and middle molecules, to a large extent compounds with known toxicity. A ratio of CMAX/CU <4, pointing to a Gaussian distribution, was found for the majority of the compounds (74/90; 82%). For some compounds, however, this ratio largely exceeded 4 [e.g., for leptin (6.81) or indole-3-acetic acid (10.37)], pointing to other influencing factors than renal function, such as gender, genetic predisposition, proteolytic breakdown, posttranslation modification, general condition, or nutritional status. CONCLUSION: Concentrations of retention solutes in uremia vary over a broad range, from nanograms per liter to grams per liter. Low concentrations are found especially for the middle molecules. A substantial number of molecules are protein bound and/or middle molecules, and many of these exert toxicity and are characterized by a high range of toxic over normal concentration (CU/CN ratio). Hence, uremic retention is a complex problem that concerns many more solutes than the current markers of urea and creatinine alone. This list provides a basis for systematic analytic approaches to map the relative importance of the enlisted families of toxins. 
UNLABELLED: Gated blood-pool SPECT (GBPS) has several potential advantages over planar radionuclide ventriculography (PRNV), including the possibility of greater repeatability of left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) and the noninvasive calculation of left ventricular end-systolic volume and left ventricular end-diastolic volume (LVEDV). The aim of this study was to assess the repeatability of LVEF and LVEDV from GBPS and to compare LVEF with those from PRNV. METHODS: Fifty patients underwent PRNV and GBPS, 23 of whom also had repeated studies in the same session. GPBS studies were processed using the Cedars Sinai Quantitative Blood-Pool SPECT (QBS) software that automatically calculates LVEF and LVEDV. Automatic processing with QBS was successful in 70% of the GBPS studies, with the remaining studies processed using the manual option in QBS. All PRNV studies were processed using a manual processing technique. RESULTS: Comparison of LVEF from PRNV and GBPS yielded a correlation coefficient of 0.80. Bland-Altman analysis demonstrated a mean difference of 0.74% +/- 7.62% (mean +/- SD) between LVEF from the 2 techniques. The 95% limits of agreement are therefore -14.50% to +15.98%. The correlation between repeated measurements was 0.87 for GBPS and 0.95 for PRNV. Bland-Altman analysis revealed poorer repeatability for GBPS (95% limits of agreement, -9.63% to +14.97% vs. -4.66% to +5.92%; P = 0.003). The mean LVEDV was 198 +/- 94 mL, with a mean difference of 9 +/- 47 mL between repeated measurements. The 95% limits of agreement are therefore -85 to +103 mL. CONCLUSION: GBPS provides a less repeatable measurement of LVEF than PRNV. Repeatability of LVEDV measurements from GBPS is poor. 
Two fluorimetric HPLC methods are described for the quantification of naphthols, phenanthrols and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) in urine specimens obtained from male Wistar rats exposed to naphthalene, phenanthrene and pyrene. The polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) were given intraperitoneally, either alone (1.0 mmol/kg body weight) or as an equimolar mixture (0.33 mmol/kg), using the same dosages for repeated treatments on week 1 and week 2. Between these treatments, PAH-metabolizing activities encoded by aryl hydrocarbon (Ah) receptor-controlled genes were induced in the rats with beta-naphthoflavone (betaNF). Chromatographic separation of five phenanthrols (1-, 2-, 3-, 4-, and 9-isomers) was accomplished using two different RP C-18 columns. Despite selective detection (programmable wavelengths), the quantification limits in the urine ranged widely: 1-OHP (0.18 microg/l) <phenanthrols (0.34-0.45 microg/l) <2-naphthol (1.5 microg/l) <1-naphthol (4 micro g/l). The relative standard deviation of the methods was good, as also was the reproducibility. The molar fraction of the dose excreted in 24-h urine as naphthols (<or=4.0%), phenanthrols (<or=1.1%), and 1-OHP (<or=2.4%) was low. Urinary disposition increased differentially in betaNF-induced rats: naphthols, 9-phenanthrol (1- to-2-fold); 2-, 3-, and 4-phenanthrols (4- to 5-fold); 1-phenanthrol and 1-OHP (over 11-fold). The OH-metabolites were analyzed before and after enzymatic hydrolysis (beta-glucuronidase/arylsulfatase). The percentage excreted as a free phenol in urine varied for 1-OHP (2-11%), 1-naphthol (36-51%), 2-naphthol (59-65%), and the phenanthrols (29-94%). 1-Naphthyl- and 1-pyrenyl beta- d-glucuronide served as measures for the completeness of enzymatic hydrolysis. Characteristic differences observed in the urinary disposition of naphthalene, phenanthrene, and pyrene are described, as well as important factors (dose, metabolic capacity, relative urinary output) associated with biomarker validation. This intervention study clarifies intraindividual variation in PAH metabolism and provides useful information for the development of new methods applicable in the biomonitoring of PAH exposure in humans.
Inflammatory airway responses to bioaerosols and to their active compounds, such as endotoxin and beta(1 --> 3)-glucan, vary between individuals. These differences may be explained by variation in cytokine responsiveness, which can be assessed by in vitro stimulation tests with isolated blood leukocytes or lung macrophages. In large-scale population studies, ex vivo induced cytokine production may also be tested with a more simple 'whole blood assay' (WBA). However, applicability of a WBA to characterize a subject's responsiveness depends largely on its reproducibility. This study was conducted to: 1) assess the within- and between-subject variability in cytokine production in a WBA after stimulation with endotoxin or beta(1 --> 3)-glucan; and 2) to determine under which conditions this test is most discriminating between subjects and most reproducible within subjects. Blood was collected from 14 healthy volunteers, of whom 10 also participated on a second occasion. Each blood sample was used in two WBA tests; the first WBA was initiated two hours and the second 26 hours after venapuncture. The WBA test itself comprised overnight incubation with serial dilutions of endotoxin [lipopolysaccharide (LPS)] and curdlan (a beta(1 --> 3)-glucan), after which blood cell supernatant was collected. Interleukin(IL)-1beta, IL6, IL8 and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha) were determined in the supernatant. In all individuals, a dose-dependent production of cytokines was observed for both LPS and curdlan. For all cytokines, variation between subjects was higher than within subjects, and this was most pronounced for IL1beta and IL6. There was moderate-to-high correlation in the induced release of all four cytokines, and between cytokine release induced by LPS or curdlan. Optimal stimulation concentrations were 6.25 and 12.5 ng/mL for endotoxin and 12500 and 25000 ng/mL for curdlan. Cytokine production in WBA initiated 26 hours after venapuncture showed lower between-subject and larger within-subject variance, thus favoring an early initiation of the assay. In conclusion, measuring endotoxin- or glucan-induced cytokine production in a WBA initiated within two hours after venapuncture appears to be an effective method to determine a person's cytokine responsiveness, at least in healthy naive subjects.
The purpose of this work was to determine the within-session variability and between-session repeatability of the Canon Laser Blood Flowmeter (CLBF), Model 100, an instrument that permits the noninvasive measurement of retinal blood flow. The CLBF calculates flow in microl/min based on the Poiseuille principle. One eye of 20 normal subjects (mean age 36.5; SD 9.7 years) was randomly chosen. A minimum of five measurements was acquired of a temporal arteriole approximately 1 disc diameter from the optic nerve. Measurements were repeated within a 1-month period. Blood pressure and intraocular pressure were measured. The coefficient of variation (COV) and the coefficient of repeatability (COR) were calculated for each individual. The individual COVs for diameter, velocity, and flow ranged from 0.5 to 6.5% (median 2.0%), 4.8 to 39.7% (median 19.9%), and 4.8 to 37.3% (median 19.3%), respectively. The group mean CORs for diameter, velocity, and flow were 5.2 microm (relative to a mean effect of 104.6 microm), 8.8 mm/s (relative to a mean effect of 33.9 mm/s), and 2.6 microl/min (relative to a mean effect of 8.8 microl/min), respectively. The CLBF gave consistent and repeatable measurements of blood flow within retinal arterioles in normal subjects. Given the range of individual variation in the velocity measurement, and thus flow, confidence limits for retinal hemodynamics need to be determined on an individual basis.
OBJECTIVE: Marked interpatient variability in haloperidol (HAL) level-dose (L/D) ratios makes it difficult to use the administered dose for predicting serum concentrations. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of dose, age, total body weight and co-medication on steady-state HAL L/D ratios. METHOD: Retrospective analysis of dose and HAL blood level data from 168 patients. RESULTS: The HAL L/D ratio decreased curvilinearly with increasing daily dose of HAL. The patients treated with concomitant antiparkinsonian drugs showed a mean HAL L/D ratio that was 24.9% higher than those without antiparkinsonian drugs. The patients treated with concomitant antiepileptic drugs showed a mean HAL L/D ratio that was 27.2% lower than those without antiepileptic drugs. The mean HAL L/D ratio of patients treated with concomitant CYP2D6 substrates was not significantly different from those without CYP2D6 substrates. CONCLUSION: There is a wide interindividual variability in blood levels of HAL in patients given the same dose. Routine monitoring of HAL serum level is useful, especially in patients who require associated antiepileptic and/or antiparkinsonian medication. 
The reproducibility of repeated human regional hepatic blood flow quantification using [15O]water and positron emission tomography (PET) was evaluated as a method of monitoring the effect of drug administration on hepatic blood flow. Nineteen patients underwent two measurements of hepatic blood flow by PET. Fifteen minutes after the first dynamic study using [15O]water, a second dynamic study was performed, and hepatic blood flow was calculated. The correlation between the first and second dynamic study of arterial blood flow was highly significant (P=6.31 x 10(-10), r=0.946). The regression line was y=1.08x. The mean error between studies was 0.158. The correlation between the first and second dynamic study of portal blood flow also was significant (P=1.29 x 10(-7), r=0.897). The regression line was y=1.03x. The mean error between the studies was 0.164. The correlation between total hepatic blood flow in the first and second dynamic study, too, was significant (P=2.68 x 10(-7), r=0.888). The regression line was defined by y=1.06x. The mean error between studies was 0.140. Hepatic blood flow has increased if the second measurement of hepatic arterial, portal, and total blood flow is more than 115%, 111% and 114% of baseline, and has decreased if the second measurement is less than 101%, 95% and 98% of the first measurement.
The quantitative analysis of cyclosporin A (CsA) effects might be helpful for optimizing immunosuppressive treatment after allogeneic organ transplantation in individual patients, as rejection can occur despite the existence of CsA blood levels within therapeutic ranges. Previous investigations found that costimulation of the CD28 pathway generally mediates CsA-resistant proliferation of T cell receptor (TCR)-activated T lymphocytes. However, here we describe considerable interindividual variation regarding the immunosuppressive effects of CsA (1000 microg/L) on anti-CD3/CD28 T cell costimulation in a human whole blood assay. In the in vitro study, we found a significant reduction of T cell proliferation, activation marker expression (CD25, CD69) on the T cell surface, and interleukin-2 (IL-2) protein expression in whole blood samples of all healthy subjects (n = 11). However, the investigation of cytokine mRNA profiles revealed variable results of in vitro CsA sensitivity. Whole blood samples of 3 of 11 healthy individuals demonstrated a marked suppression of IL-2 mRNA expression (>50%) and a partial inhibition of IL-4, interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) mRNA expression on addition of CsA. In contrast, the remaining 8 healthy individuals had cytokine mRNA expression levels that were unaffected or even increased when CsA was administered in vitro. In patients undergoing CsA monotherapy (ex vivo study, n = 9), we found a significant suppression of IL-2 mRNA levels in 4 of 9 patients ex vivo. Thus, we cannot confirm a universal CsA resistance of T cells on anti-CD3/CD28 costimulation. Instead, our results suggest an individual degree of CsA sensitivity that might be more consistent with clinical experience. Prospective studies are necessary to determine if individual degrees of CsA sensitivity correlate with clinical events and are associated with a low or high risk of transplant rejection.
OBJECTIVE: The variability of the International Prostate Symptom Score (I-PSS) was tested in patients with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) by comparing questionnaire results obtained in the physician's office and, 1 week later, in the patient's home. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A total of 210 consecutive men with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) completed the I-PSS questionnaire in the physician's office. One week later the questionnaire was mailed to each patient's home, completed by the patient and then returned. Scores were compared specifically in terms of clinically significant differences defined by a total symptom score difference of > or = 6 points and/or a difference of > or = 2 points in the quality-of-life (QOL) measure. RESULTS: The mean patient age was 67 years. Questionnaires were completed and returned by 127/210 (60%) men. Pearson's correlation coefficient for the I-PSS and QOL results was 0.81 and 0.74, respectively. Clinically significant differences in results were seen in 33/127 (26%) patients. When grouping patients into mild, moderate and severe symptom categories based on the I-PSS results, 31/127 (24%) changed categories when comparing "office" and "home" results. CONCLUSIONS: Clinically significant variations in I-PSS and QOL results may exist and may affect treatment decisions in > 25% of men. 
BACKGROUND: It is well known from animal research that non-hypotensive haemorrhage produces sympathoexcitatory responses assessable by both the rise in plasma catecholamine levels and the shift of autonomic influences on the heart to more sympathetic and less parasympathetic control. Data in humans are restricted. METHODS: Heart rate variability (HRV), systolic blood pressure (FINAPRES) variability (BPV), and catecholamine plasma levels were measured before and after haemorrhage in 30 healthy blood donors and compared with those from 10 control subjects without blood loss. Spectral power of HRV and BPV in very low (0.02-0.06 Hz), low (0.07-0.14 Hz), and high (0.15-0.40 Hz) frequency bands were calculated by Fourier analysis. Catecholamine plasma levels were assayed by dual column reverse-phased high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). RESULTS: Haemorrhage of 5.6 +/- 1.2 ml kg-1 body weight increased plasma norepinephrine levels (215 +/- 92 pg ml-1 versus 254 +/- 95 pg ml-1; P = 0.002), increased BPV in the low frequency band (Mayer waves; 1.8 +/- 1.0 ln [mmHg(2)] versus 2.0 +/- 0.9 ln [mmHg(2)]; P = 0.021), and decreased the vagally transmitted high frequency HRV (6.9 +/- 1.1 ln [MI(2)] versus 6.5+/-1.2 ln [MI(2)]; P<0.0001), but did not induce significant changes in heart rate (66 +/- 11 bpm versus 67 +/- 11 bpm; P = 0.79) and arterial blood pressure (mean values: 84 +/- 13 mmHg versus 87 +/- 13 mmHg; P = 0.12). CONCLUSIONS: As suggested by plasma norepinephrine levels, systolic BPV and HRV, non-hypotensive haemorrhage produces sympathoexcitatory responses as well as vagal withdrawal of heart rate control in humans. 
AIMS: There is no generally accepted consensus how to evaluate patients with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) suggestive of bladder outlet obstruction (BOO). We have tried to determine whether the most frequently used objective variables as prostate volume, IPS-score, maximum flow rate, residual urine volume, functional bladder capacity, and pressure-flow study are reliable for diagnosis of BOO and we investigated the influence of idiopathic detrusor overactivity (IDO) on this condition. METHODS: A total of 153 men with LUTS and suspected BOO were systematically examined with routine investigation including digital rectal examination, transrectal ultrasound (TRUS), post-void residual urine volume measurement, uroflowmetry, and pressure-flow study. All patients completed IPS-score. Patients were divided into groups based on Schfer's grade of obstruction and incidence of IDO and clinical and urodynamical variables were compared. RESULTS: At baseline, 45.8% of the patients were urodynamically moderately obstructed and 37.9% were found to be severely obstructed. The grade of obstruction did not correlate with age. Prostate volume, post-void residual volume (PVR), and maximum flow rate correlated significantly with the degree of obstruction. The mean IPS-score remained almost unchanged throughout all obstruction groups. The incidence of IDO was 40.5% and increased from 16% in the minor obstruction group to 38.6% and 53.4% in the moderate and severe obstruction group, respectively. The patients with IDO were older, had larger prostates and were more obstructed. There was no impact of IDO on symptomatology of BOO. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that IPS-score does not achieve sufficient diagnostic accuracy and its role in the assessment of BOO is limited. The grade of obstruction is more related to prostate volume, PVR, and maximum flow rate. BOO and IDO seem to be related and have numerous mutual interactions. 
During positive pressure mechanical ventilation, percentile systolic pressure variation (%SPV) or respiratory-related arterial pressure variability (RAPV) have both been used in assessment of graded haemorrhage. We aimed to investigate whether changes in %SPV and RAPV are correlated during graded haemorrhage (by 5, 10 or 20% of the estimated blood volume) in anaesthetized positive pressure ventilated rats and to investigate the involvement of autonomic regulation. Saline vehicle or atropine produced no discernible effect on baseline %SPV or RAPV but, thereafter, %SPV and RAPV increased progressively with graded haemorrhage. Propranolol significantly decreased baseline %SPV and RAPV and changes induced in %SPV and RAPV by graded haemorrhage. Phentolamine significantly enhanced baseline %SPV and RAPV, and further enhancement of %SPV and RAPV by graded haemorrhage did not occur until 20% of the estimated blood volume was removed. RAPV was significantly correlated with %SPV in all experimental groups. We conclude that RAPV is comparable with%SPV as an indicator of graded haemorrhage and that, in anaesthetized and positive pressure ventilated rats, both are dependent on autonomic function, especially beta-adrenoceptors.
The first European Quality Control Concerted Action study was organized to assess the ability of laboratories to detect Chlamydia trachomatis in a panel of urine samples by nucleic acid amplification tests (NATs). The panel consisted of lyophilized urine samples, including three negative, two strongly positive, and five weakly positive samples. Ninety-six laboratories in 22 countries participated with a total of 102 data sets. Of 204 strongly positive samples 199 (97.5%) were correctly reported, and of 506 weakly positive samples 466 (92.1%) were correctly reported. In 74 (72.5%) data sets correct results were reported on all samples, and 17 data sets (16.7%) showed either one false-negative or one false-positive result. In another 11 data sets, two or more incorrect results were reported, and two data sets reported a false-positive result on one negative sample. The Roche COBAS Amplicor test was performed in 44 (43%) data sets, the Abbott LCx assay was performed in 31 (30%) data sets, the Roche Amplicor manual assay was performed in 9 (9%) data sets, an in-house PCR was performed in 9 (9%) data sets, the Becton Dickinson ProbeTec ET assay was performed in 5 (4.9%) data sets, and the GenProbe TMA assay was performed in 4 (3.9%) data sets. The results of the Roche Amplicor manual (95.6% correct), COBAS Amplicor (97.0%), and Abbott LCx (94.8%) tests were comparable (P = 0.48). The results with the in-house PCR, BD ProbeTec ET, and GenProbe TMA tests were reported correctly in 88.6, 98, and 92.5% of the tests, respectively. Freeze-drying of clinical urine specimens proved to be a successful method for generating standardized, stable, and easy-to-transport samples for the detection of C. trachomatis by using NATs. Although the results, especially the specificity, for this proficiency panel were better than most quality control studies, sensitivity problems occurred frequently, underlining the need for good laboratory practice and reference reagents to monitor the performance of these assays.
Leptin is secreted by adipose tissue and acts upon receptors located in the hypothalamus to modify energy balance. Investigations of the relationship between leptin and physical activity energy expenditure (PAEE) at population level are scarce. The majority of studies addressing this topic are limited by their measurement of PAEE (i.e. questionnaires or ecological comparisons between rural and urban ethnic groups). To our knowledge, no studies have directly examined the relationship of objectively assessed PAEE and leptin in a large free-living population-based cohort. Therefore, we measured fasting plasma leptin and insulin concentrations, cardiorespiratory fitness (O(2max.pred)), PAEE, and body composition in 758 Caucasian people (aged 40-65 yr). In sex-combined multiple regression analyses, leptin was significantly associated with PAEE (beta = -0.19, P = 0.0027), but not with O(2max.pred) (beta = -0.0002, p = NS). The association between PAEE and leptin was significant in men when adjusted for percentage of body fat (beta = -0.28, P = 0.004) but not women (beta = -0.12, P = 0.18) but was significant in both men and women when adjusted for body mass index (men: beta = -0.28, P = 0.005; women: beta = -0.23, P = 0.01; combined: beta = -0.26, P = 0.00008). These data suggest the existence in this population of an independent inverse association between PAEE and fasting plasma leptin level.
Radionuclide angiography with technetium-99m hexamethylpropylene amine oxime (99mTc-HMPAO) or technetium-99m ethyl cysteinate dimer (99mTc-ECD) enables the non-invasive estimation of absolute cerebral blood flow (CBF) to be determined by using spectral analysis (SA). We previously demonstrated the clinical use of SA; however, this method involves a few manual steps. The aim of this study was to evaluate the interobserver variability of CBF estimations made using SA and compare these results with those obtained by using graphical analysis (GA). In twenty patients with various brain diseases (27-74 years old), radionuclide angiography examinations were performed using 99mTc-labeled compounds (10 patients, 99mTc-HMPAO; 10 patients, 99mTc-ECD). Bilateral cerebral hemispheres were studied in all patients, and the brain perfusion index (BPI) values were estimated using SA and GA. The interobserver variability between two observers was then assessed. A good correlation between the BPI values assessed using both SA (BPI(S)) and GA (BPI(G)) was obtained. The correlation coefficient for BPI(S) (r = 0.987) was almost the same as that for BPI(G) (r = 0.982). The degree of interobserver variability was not affected by the measurement of elevated BPI values. Measurements carried out by two observers using both SA and GA exhibited a similar degree of interobserver variability. SA appears to have a satisfactory interobserver variability and may be more suitable for clinical applications.
The G(2) chromosomal radiosensitivity assay is a technically demanding assay. To ensure that it is reproducible in our laboratory, we have examined the effects of storage and culture conditions by applying the assay to a group of healthy controls and determined the extent of intra- and inter-individual variations. Nineteen different individuals provided one or more blood samples resulting in a total of 57 successful tests. Multiple cultures from a single blood sample showed no statistically significant difference in the number of chromatid type aberrations between cultures. A 24h delay prior to culturing the lymphocytes did not significantly affect the induced G(2) score. Intra-individual variation was not statistically significant in seven out of nine individuals. Inter-individual variation was highly statistically significant (P<0.001), indicating that there is a real difference between individuals in the response to radiation using this assay.
Sex steroid concentrations in urine samples from post-menopausal women have been associated with risk of various chronic diseases. The basic requirement for the assessment of risk in such large-scale epidemiological studies is that subjects be ranked accurately by their average, long-term hormone levels. We examined the reproducibility over time of measurements of urinary testosterone (T), 5alpha-androstane-3alpha, 17beta-diol (ADIOL), estrone (E1), estradiol (E2), 2-hydroxy estrone and 2-hydroxy estradiol, (2(OH)-E), 16alpha-hydroxyestrone (16alpha(OH)-E1) and the ratio of 2(OH)-E and 16alpha(OH)-E1, in a representative sub-sample of post-menopausal women (n = 43) participating in an ongoing prospective cohort study. Women collected three first morning urine voids on different occasions, with average time difference between the first and the third urine sample of 5.1 years. T, ADIOL, E1 and E2 were measured by radio immunoassay after enzymatic hydrolysis, solid-phase extraction and HPLC purification of the samples, while 2(OH)-E and 16alpha(OH)-E1 were assayed by solid-phase enzyme immunoassay after enzymatic hydrolysis. Intra-class correlation co-efficients (ICCs) over time were very good for T (r = 0.85), acceptable for E2, E1 and ADIOL (r > 0.55), but low for 2(OH)-E, 16alpha(OH)-E1 and their ratio (r < 0.46). The adjustment for creatinine concentrations did not increase these correlations.
AIMS: To determine the reproducibility and dose-response relationship for urinary salbutamol excretion post inhalation. METHODS: Fifteen volunteers inhaled either one, two, three, four or five doses of 100 micro g salbutamol on separate days and then seven of these also repeated each of the one, three and five doses on five occasions. After each study dose urine was collected 30 min post inhalation. RESULTS: The mean (SD) 30 min urinary salbutamol after one, two, three, four and five doses was 2.61 (1.0.), 5.47 (1.59), 8.68 (2.73), 12.34 (3.96) and 15.99 (4.50) micro g, respectively. Statistical analysis revealed a linear relationship (P < 0.001). Mean (SD) coefficient of variation after one, three and five doses was 10.5 (3.6), 10.1 (2.7) and 9.4 (2.3)%. CONCLUSIONS: The 30 min salbutamol urinary excretion post inhalation pharmacokinetic method, to compare inhaled products, is linear with inhaled dose and reproducible. 
The authors sought to assess the repeatability of measurements of C-reactive protein, an independent predictor of coronary heart disease, in a large cohort of apparently healthy men and to correct earlier estimates of the association of C-reactive protein and coronary heart disease for the measurement error in this protein. They measured C-reactive protein by a high-sensitivity assay in 936 men aged 45-64 years in the MONICA (Monitoring of Trends and Determinants in Cardiovascular Disease) Augsburg cohort in 1984-1985 and remeasured it 3 years later. All men were subjected to an 8-year follow-up of their cardiovascular status. The analytical variation of the assay was small, with the analytical variance component at 1 percent of the within-subject variance component, a repeatability coefficient of 25 percent, and a reliability coefficient of 1.00. In contrast, the within-subject variation of C-reactive protein corresponded to a repeatability coefficient of 740 percent and a reliability coefficient of 0.54, indicating considerable within-subject variation. Based on the authors' estimates, three serial determinations of C-reactive protein should be done to achieve a reliability of 0.75, the value they found for total cholesterol. Correcting the hazard ratios in their original analysis of the association of coronary heart disease and high-sensitivity-assay C-reactive protein for the measurement error in C-reactive protein and covariables leads to a considerably larger estimate. The results suggest that the true association between C-reactive protein and cardiovascular risk is underestimated by a single C-reactive protein determination, and that several serial C-reactive protein measurements should be taken.
PURPOSE: To establish the repeatability of ocular blood flow (OBF) pneumotonometry and its agreement with Goldmann tonometry. DESIGN: Instrument evaluation study. PARTICIPANTS: Ten female healthcare professionals. METHODS: Intraocular pressure (IOP) was measured by one experienced ophthalmologist in both eyes of 10 healthy female subjects on 10 different occasions at the same time of day. The two methods were performed by alternate allocation, and laterality was chosen by random order. Repeatability coefficients and agreement plots were calculated by using the Bland-Altman method. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Intraocular pressure repeatability coefficients. RESULTS: Mean IOPs were 15.6 mmHg (right) and 15.1 mmHg (left) by OBF pneumotonometry and 12.6 mmHg (right) and 12.4 mmHg (left) by Goldmann tonometry (P < 0.001). The repeatability coefficients were 7.06 (right) and 7.66 (left) for the OBF pneumotonometer and 4.81 (right) and 3.87 (left) for the Goldmann tonometer. With regard to agreement, the OBF pneumotonometer read significantly higher than did the Goldmann tonometer. The mean bias for the right eye was 2.92 (95% limits of agreement, -4.37 to 10.20), and for the left eye it was 2.68 (95% limits of agreement, -3.93 to 9.28). CONCLUSIONS: In our group of healthy females, the repeatability of the OBF pneumotonometer was worse than that of the Goldmann tonometer. This casts doubt on the value of the OBF pneumotonometer as a tool for measuring IOP. The agreement plots indicate that the OBF pneumotonometer may produce significant numbers of false-positive results in screening programs. 
To assess the appropriateness of a single measurement of urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin (aMT6S) as a marker for long-term exposure to endogenous melatonin in epidemiological studies, we examined the reproducibility of aMT6S in first morning urine voids collected from 40 postmenopausal women. Urine specimens were collected on three different occasions, and the mean time between the first and the third urine sample was 5.1 years. Urinary aMT6S levels were measured by radioimmunoassay and adjusted for creatinine. The intraclass correlation for aMT6S adjusted for creatinine was 0.56 (95% confidence interval, 0.39-0.73). The classification of aMT6S concentrations in first morning voids from postmenopausal women appears to be sufficiently reproducible to justify its use as a marker for long-term exposure to melatonin in epidemiological studies.
The aims of this study were: (1) to determine the within-subject, between-day variability in end-tidal P(CO2) (P(ET,CO2)); (2) to determine whether the within-subject, between-day variability in P(ET,CO2) was caused by variations in metabolic acid-base status; and (3) to determine whether between-subject variations in blood gas variables arose predominantly through variations in respiratory or renal pH control mechanisms. Fourteen healthy males were studied, of whom 12 provided adequate data for further analysis. Each subject was studied on at least six different occasions, with each visit separated by at least 1 week. On each occasion, P(ET,CO2) was determined over a 4-10 min period using a fine nasal catheter taped just inside the nose, and an arterialised capillary blood sample was obtained from each ear and analysed for blood gases. The following results were obtained. (1) P(ET,CO2) showed a standard deviation (S.D.) for the within-subject, between-day variation of 1.06 mmHg. (2) Less than 5% (P = NS) of the variability in P(ET,CO2) could be explained by underlying variations in metabolic acid-base status. (3) The variation in blood gas values between individuals did not fit a pattern associated with either a predominantly respiratory or a predominantly renal origin. Furthermore, the pattern of variation in the blood gas data suggested that variations in the renal controller for pH and the respiratory controller for pH were not independent. The precise origins of variability in blood gas regulation remain obscure.
OBJECTIVE: To study the reproducibility of plasma insulin kinetics during intraperitoneal (IP) insulin therapy using an implanted programmable pump in patients with type 1, insulin dependent, diabetes mellitus (IDDM). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In a group of ten type 1 IDDM patients beginning chronic IP insulin treatment with an implanted pump, plasma free insulin profiles were determined from 12: 00 am to 12: 30 pm on two separate test days, one month apart. Anti-insulin antibody (AIA) levels were measured on each test day. RESULTS: From test day 1 to test day 2, no difference was observed in morning fasting free insulin levels (m +/- SD): 9.7 +/- 5.4 mU/L versus 9.8 +/- 5.3 mU/L, insulin peak values: 19.1 +/- 17 mU/L versus 20.8 +/- 9.9 mU/L, time to peak: 40 +/- 15 versus 42.8 +/- 16 minutes or post-bolus area under the plasma free insulin curve (AUC): 40.7 +/- 29 mU/L.h versus 45.5 +/- 29 mU/L.h. The intrapatient coefficient of variation was 14.4 +/- 13% for insulin peaks and 16.9 +/- 9.2% for post-bolus AUC. A significant increase in AIA levels (m +/- SD) was observed from 16.5 +/- 18% on test day 1 to 28.1 +/- 28% on test day 2. CONCLUSIONS: The reproducibility of plasma free insulin profiles is highly satisfactory during insulin delivery by the IP route using an implanted device. 
Diclofenac has been used for the evaluation of CYP2C9 activity in vitro as well as in vivo with varying results. The present study was aimed at evaluating the reproducibility of the urinary diclofenac/4'-OH diclofenac ratio among different CYP2C9 genotypes in healthy volunteers. The study of CYP2C9 genotypes in the family of a CYP2C9*3/*3 subject is also reported. The urinary diclofenac/4'-OH diclofenac ratio was determined on two occasions within a period of 9-12 months, and was found to be correlated (r = 0.83, p < 0.05). The mean (+/- SD) of diclofenac/4'-OH diclofenac ratio was 1.5 times higher among subjects carrying CYP2C9*3 allele (CYP2C9*1/*3 and CYP2C9*2/*3 genotypes) (0.91 +/- 0.28), compared to CYP2C9*1/*1 subjects (0.60 +/- 0.11). The results show that the urinary diclofenac/4'-OH diclofenac ratio might be used to study CYP2C9 in humans. The data agree with previous studies showing that the CYP2C9*3 allelic variant seems to cause a decreased CYP2C9 hydroxylation capacity.
OBJECTIVES: This study assessed the diagnostic agreement and intra- and inter-observer reproducibility of the World Health Organization/International Society of Urologic Pathology Consensus Classification of Urothelial Neoplasms (1998 WHO/ISUP classification) and the 1973 WHO classification. METHODS: A teaching set with 5 slides of each papillary neoplasm of low malignant potential, low-grade papillary carcinoma, high-grade papillary carcinoma, and a guideline, as well as a study set of 30 slides containing ten cases of each category, were sent to participants. Six pathologists expert in urological pathology reviewed the 30 slides of non-invasive papillary urothelial tumors in the study set. Diagnostic accuracy and reproducibility were evaluated using intra- and inter-rater techniques (kappa statistic). RESULTS: A moderate to substantial intra- and inter-observer reproducibility was achieved for both the 1998 WHO/ISUP and 1973 WHO classification. The results of the two classification systems were not different statistically ( P>0.05). Reproducibility was lower in low-grade tumors for both classifications. CONCLUSIONS: The new proposed classification system for non-invasive urothelial neoplasms does not increase the reproducibility. There is still a need for uniformity in grading in order to compare the different studies and therapies and to provide more accurate information for management. 
Plasma melatonin and cortisol are characterized by a marked circadian rhythm, but little information is available about the reproducibility and stability of these rhythms over several weeks in the same subjects. This study examined the characteristics of these rhythms in 31 healthy human subjects 20 to 30 years of age. They were synchronized with a diurnal activity from 0800 to 2300 and nocturnal rest. They participated in three 24-hour sessions (S1, S2, and S3): S2 took place two weeks after S1 and S3 4 weeks after S2. Blood samples were taken during each session at 3-hour intervals from 1100 to 2000 and hourly from 2200 to 0800. Comparison of the circadian rhythms between groups used repeated measures 2-way ANOVA, the cosinor method, and Bingham's test. Intraindividual variations were compared by the cosinor method and Bingham's test. The groups did not differ, but a slight difference in the amplitude or acrophase of individual circadian rhythms was observed in 5 of 31 subjects for melatonin and 1 of 31 for cortisol. The circadian means did not differ over the three sessions. These results show that the circadian profile of cortisol and melatonin are highly reproducible over a six-week period, in both individuals and groups. Our study clearly shows that these hormones can be considered to be stable markers of the circadian time structure and therefore useful tools to validate rhythms' synchronisation of human subjects.
The importance of measuring microalbuminuria is well established. However, only scanty data are available concerning the biological variability of albumin excretion in type 2 diabetic subjects. We report our experience from a large clinical trial of a new antihypertensive drug (Lercanidipine) designed to reduce albumin excretion and blood pressure in type 2 diabetic patients with hypertension and microalbuminuria. Eighty seven patients with persistent microalbuminuria were studied within 1 year of the clinical trial. The measurements were performed on blood and timed urine samples frozen at -80 degrees C and shipped to a central laboratory unit. Preliminary experiments were performed to assess albumin stability in urine under various conditions (4 degrees C, -20 degrees C and -80 degrees C), particularly with regard to the albumin/creatinine ratio. Urine samples can be stored up to 3 weeks at 4 degrees C or up to 2 months at -80 degrees C. The biological variability of the albumin excretion rate was 25.7%, while that of the albumin/creatinine ratio was 13.4%. These data are useful in defining the analytical goals of imprecision for microalbuminuria (CV = 13% for albumin, and CV = 6% for albumin/creatinine ratio). No correlation between albumin/creatinine ratio and HbA1c was found in the cohort of 61 microalbuminuric patients who completed the trial. The results of this study confirm that the albumin/ creatinine ratio is much more suitable for monitoring albumin excretion in longitudinal studies than the albumin excretion rate.
BACKGROUND: Hyperthermic isolated limb perfusion (HILP) with melphalan as treatment for locally recurrent or in-transit malignant melanoma is frequently performed but the principle for calculating drug dosage remains poorly understood. METHODS: This study examined the pharmacokinetic profile of 14 consecutive patients to determine what variables were associated with toxicity and tumor responses. RESULTS: Marked fourfold variability was noted in patient plasma melphalan concentrations. We defined a factor--the ratio of estimated limb volume (Vesti) to melphalan volume of distribution (Vss), Vesti/Vss--that was much more strongly correlated with acute regional toxicity than either area under concentration-time curve or peak plasma concentration. In addition, we found that AUX2 was the best correlate of tumor response. CONCLUSIONS: Pharmacokinetic evaluation of prospective HILP trials is critical to not only understand response and toxicity outcomes but also to potentially improve the therapeutic index of regional perfusion. 
BACKGROUND: Nandrolone is one of the most abused anabolic steroids, and its use in doping is increasing, as revealed by numerous positive cases during recent years in various sports. Different authors have reported the possible natural production of nandrolone metabolites in humans, and some of these authors argued that exhaustive exercise could increase nandrolone production in the body or induce dehydration and consequently lead to an increase of nandrolone metabolites in urine. METHODS: Volunteers (n = 22) ingested two 25-mg doses of [(13)C]nandrolone at 24-h intervals and collected urine specimens for 5 days. The labeled nandrolone metabolites 19-norandrosterone and 19-noretiocholanolone were identified and quantified by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Interindividual variability was observed in nandrolone excretion patterns and kinetics, as well as for the noretiocholanolone:norandrosterone ratio. The amounts of nandrolone metabolites measured at the excretion peak varied between 1180 and 38 661 microg/L for norandrosterone and 576 and 12 328 microg/L for noretiocholanolone. At the end of the excretion period, the noretiocholanolone:norandrosterone ratio was sometimes >1. The analysis of numerous spot-urine samples allowed the determination of an acceptable correlation between urinary creatinine and specific gravity for placebo- and steroid-treated individuals: y = 0.0052ln(x) + 1.0178 (r(2) = 0.8142) and y = 0.0068ln(x) + 1.0172 (r(2) = 0.7730), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The excretion kinetics and patterns of labeled nandrolone show interindividual variability. More investigations are currently underway to estimate the influence of exhaustive exercises on excretion of labeled nandrolone metabolites in urine. 
The intra- and interindividual variability in apparent steady-state plasma levels of risperidone (RSP) and its metabolite 9-hydroxyrisperidone (9-OHRSP) in schizophrenic patients was investigated. Patients (n = 46, age 26.4 +/- 5.3 years) with diagnosed schizophrenia were treated with a fixed daily oral dose of RSP (1-12 mg/d). The steady-state plasma samples from these patients were collected over a period of 5 years and a total of 549 visits. Plasma concentrations of RSP and 9-OHRSP were determined using a highly sensitive and specific LC-MS-MS method with a detection limit of 0.1 ng/mL. All plasma samples had measurable amounts of 9-OHRSP; however, RSP was nondetectable (<0.1 ng/mL) in 18% of the plasma samples. 9-OHRSP levels were, on average, approximately 22 times higher than those of RSP. The plasma levels of RSP and 9-OHRSP varied widely among patients receiving similar doses of RSP, and the intra- and interindividual variations of RSP and 9-OHRSP plasma levels were found to be large. The data indicated that there was no significant change in the steady-state levels of either RSP or 9-OHRSP during the treatment period. Similarly, the dose-normalized concentration did not vary significantly during the treatment period or with the administered dose. The absence of RSP in many plasma samples (<0.1 ng/mL) and presence of 9-OHRSP at severalfold higher concentrations than RSP indicate that measuring plasma levels of RSP alone may lead to erroneous interpretation in plasma level monitoring studies. The current data support the fact that it is important to measure steady-state levels of total active moiety by analyzing both RSP and 9-OHRSP for plasma drug monitoring.
Renal excretion is an important route of elimination for xenobiotics and three processes determine the renal clearance of a compound [glomerular filtration (about 120 ml/min), active renal tubular secretion (>120 ml/min) and passive reabsorption (<120 ml/min)]. Human variability in kinetics has been quantified using a database of 15 compounds excreted extensively by the kidney (>60% of a dose) to develop renal-excretion related uncertainty factors for the risk assessment of environmental contaminants handled via this route. Data were analysed from published pharmacokinetic studies (after oral and intravenous dosing) in healthy adults and other subgroups using parameters relating primarily to chronic exposure [renal and total clearances, area under the plasma concentration time-curve (AUC)] and acute exposure (Cmax). Interindividual variability in kinetics was low for both routes of exposure, with coefficients of variation of 21% (oral) and 24% (intravenous) that were largely independent of the renal processes involved. Renal-excretion related uncertainty factors were below the default kinetic uncertainty factor of 3.16 for most subgroups analysed with the exception of the elderly (oral data) and neonates (intravenous data) for whom renal excretion-related factors of 4.2 and 3.2 would be required to cover up to 99% of these subgroups respectively.
Cortisol is metabolized to 6beta-hydroxycortisol by human cytochrome p450-3A4 (CYP3A4), an important enzyme involved in the metabolism of a variety of exogenous and endogenous compounds. Both cortisol and 6beta-hydroxycortisol are excreted in urine, and the ratio of these steroids has been proposed as an indicator of CYP3A4 activity. We evaluated within-person variability of this biomarker in 10 healthy Caucasian women, aged 23-58 years. Each study participant was asked to provide a fasting morning urine sample once a week consecutively for 8 weeks. Urinary cortisol and 6beta-hydroxycortisol were determined by immunoassay kits purchased from the DiaSorin (Stillwater, MN) and the Stabiligen (Nancy, France), respectively. The coefficients of variation (CV) of urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol to cortisol ratios from study participants ranged from 16.7 to 51.4% (mean, 31.1%) over the study period. The level of the ratio measured in any single urine sample was correlated reasonably well with the average of the ratios over the 8-week study period from the same woman, with the mean correlation coefficient of 0.79. These results indicated that urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol to cortisol ratios measured in a spot urine sample may reflect the level of this biomarker over a relatively longer time period in Caucasian women, and thus, it can be used in epidemiologic studies as a biomarker to evaluate the association between CYP3A4 activity and disease risk.
The purpose of this investigation was to (1). describe the trends in oxygenation (OXY) and blood volume (BV) of the right and left paraspinal muscles during the Biering-Sorensen muscle endurance (BSME) test using near infrared spectroscopy (NIRS), and (2). assess the test-retest reliability of OXY and BV changes during the BSME in healthy males. Seventeen healthy males [age=28.4 (9.8) years, height=1.75 (0.05) m, body mass=82.7 (9.1) kg; mean (SD)] completed two BSME trials within 1 week. NIRS probes were placed bilaterally at lumbar 3. The test was performed with the subject in the prone position using the following protocol: 2 min baseline, BSME, and 4 min recovery. The delta and range values of OXY and BV were used for analysis. Acceptable intra-class correlations were observed for endurance time and all the NIRS variables at the point of fatigue and at each 10% segment of the BSME during the two trials. Bland-Altman plots confirmed the reproducibility of the bilateral NIRS responses of the paravertebral muscles. The BV responses were more reliable than the OXY responses during the two trials. The OXY and BV responses of the paravertebral muscles during static contractions can be measured reliably using NIRS. Future studies should focus primarily on BV for analysis.
BACKGROUND: Coronary slow flow (CSF) is characterized by delayed opacification of coronary arteries in the absence of epicardial occlusive disease. In this study, we aimed to determine endothelin-1 (ET-1), nitric oxide (NOx) levels and time domain heart rate variability (HRV) parameters in patients with CSF and relationship among these parameters. METHODS: Thirty-three patients with CSF detected in the coronary angiography (17 females; mean age 55 +/- 7) and 19 patients with normal coronary flow (10 females; mean age 54 +/- 11) as a control group were enrolled in the study. Patients were divided into two groups according to exercise testing as if positive (group A, n = 8) or negative (group B, n = 25). RESULTS: Plasma ET-1 levels were higher in the group A patients (28.7 +/- 17.4 pg/ml) than that of group B (15.9 +/- 10.6 pg/ml) and control group (6.0 +/- 5.7 pg/ml); and higher in group B patients than that of control group (P < 0.05). Although groups A and B did not differ according to plasma NOx levels (23.4 +/- 13.5 micromol/L vs. 32.8 +/- 22.7 micromol/L, P > 0.05), NOx levels in group A were lower than the control group (23.4 +/- 13.5 micromol/L versus 42.5 +/- 15.9 micromol/L, P < 0.05). Time domain HRV parameters were decreased in all patient groups. This was more prominent in group A. Additionally, HRV parameters were negatively correlated with ET-1 and TIMI frame counts. TIMI frame count was also significantly correlated with ET-1 and NOx levels (r = 0.61, P < 0.0001, r =-0.30, P < 0.05). Upon intravascular ultrasonography investigation, the common finding was longitudinally extended massive calcification throughout the epicardial arteries. Mean intimal thickness was 0.50 +/- 0.13 mm (group A; 0.58 +/- 0.11 mm, group B 0.47 +/- 0.12 mm, P = 0.029). CONCLUSIONS: The present study demonstrated that in patients with CSF, both increased plasma ET-1, decreased plasma NOx and diffuse atherosclerosis may cause the decrease in HRV by effecting myocardial blood flow. 
MOTIVATION: There has been much interest in using patterns derived from surface-enhanced laser desorption and ionization (SELDI) protein mass spectra from serum to differentiate samples from patients both with and without disease. Such patterns have been used without identification of the underlying proteins responsible. However, there are questions as to the stability of this procedure over multiple experiments. RESULTS: We compared SELDI proteomic spectra from serum from three experiments by the same group on separating ovarian cancer from normal tissue. These spectra are available on the web at http://clinicalproteomics.steem.com. In general, the results were not reproducible across experiments. Baseline correction prevents reproduction of the results for two of the experiments. In one experiment, there is evidence of a major shift in protocol mid-experiment which could bias the results. In another, structure in the noise regions of the spectra allows us to distinguish normal from cancer, suggesting that the normals and cancers were processed differently. Sets of features found to discriminate well in one experiment do not generalize to other experiments. Finally, the mass calibration in all three experiments appears suspect. Taken together, these and other concerns suggest that much of the structure uncovered in these experiments could be due to artifacts of sample processing, not to the underlying biology of cancer. We provide some guidelines for design and analysis in experiments like these to ensure better reproducible, biologically meaningfully results. AVAILABILITY: The MATLAB and Perl code used in our analyses is available at http://bioinformatics.mdanderson.org 
In this study, the effects of losartan, an angiotensin II receptor antagonist, on heart rate variability and the changes of plasma corticosterone levels caused by immobilization stress were investigated. Losartan (3 mg/kg, p.o.) significantly prevented increases in plasma corticosterone levels in both losartan+acute stress and losartan+chronic stress groups. But, losartan did not prevent the diminution of the power of heart rate variability caused by stress. Our results supported the idea that the renin-angiotensin system is also involved in the stress- induced cardiovascular response, besides the autonomic nervous system. But, the effects of losartan on heart rate variability remained controversial.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the criterion validity, test-retest reliability and the sensitivity to change after treatment of the St George Urinary Incontinence Score (SGUIS). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Women presenting with urinary incontinence completed two SGUIS tests one week apart. A frequency-volume chart (FVC) was completed before the first attendance and the women had a 1-h pad test before treatment. Patients were treated conservatively under the care of a urogynaecologist or nurse continence advisor, or surgically with an open or laparoscopic colposuspension. After treatment, the SGUIS, FVC and 1-h pad test were repeated. RESULTS: The SGUIS correlated moderately well with the number of leaks per week (Spearman's r = 0.610, 95% confidence interval 0.516-0.689, P < 0.001) but less well with the 1-h pad test loss (r = 0.257, 0.124-0.380, P = 0.002). The test-retest reliability was acceptable, as the mean (SD) difference between the first and second SGUIS was 0.337 (2.675), with limits of agreement of -5.012 to -5.686. The change in the SGUIS after treatment correlated well with the improvement in the number of leaks per week (r = 0.742, 0.662-0.805, 156 samples, P < 0.001) but not as well with the change in 1-h pad test loss (r = 0.531, 0.405-0.636, 151, P < 0.001), although the trend was similar. CONCLUSION: The criterion validity of the SGUIS appeared adequate for both the number of leaks per week on the FVC and leakage on the 1-h pad test. The statistical reproducibility of the test was adequate and appeared more responsive to change after treatment than the other measures. The score is suitable for rapid self-administration by patients with a range of incontinence types, unlike most other currently available test instruments. 
BACKGROUND: Resistance exercise training was applied to patients with chronic heart failure (CHF) on the basis that it may partly reverse deficiencies in skeletal muscle strength and endurance, aerobic power (VO(2peak)), heart rate variability (HRV), and forearm blood flow (FBF) that are all putative factors in the syndrome. METHODS AND RESULTS: Thirty-nine CHF patients (New York Heart Association Functional Class=2.3+/-0.5; left ventricular ejection fraction 28%+/-7%; age 65+/-11 years; 33:6 male:female) underwent 2 identical series of tests, 1 week apart, for strength and endurance of the knee and elbow extensors and flexors, VO(2peak), HRV, FBF at rest, and FBF activated by forearm exercise or limb ischemia. Patients were then randomized to 3 months of resistance training (EX, n=19), consisting of mainly isokinetic (hydraulic) ergometry, interspersed with rest intervals, or continuance with usual care (CON, n=20), after which they underwent repeat endpoint testing. Combining all 4 movement patterns, strength increased for EX by 21+/-30% (mean+/-SD, P<.01) after training, whereas endurance improved 21+/-21% (P<.01). Corresponding data for CON remained almost unchanged (strength P<.005, endurance P<.003 EX versus CON). VO(2peak) improved in EX by 11+/-15% (P<.01), whereas it decreased by 10+/-18% (P<.05) in CON (P<.001 EX versus CON). The ratio of low-frequency to high-frequency spectral power fell after resistance training in EX by 44+/-53% (P<.01), but was unchanged in CON (P<.05 EX versus CON). FBF increased at rest by 20+/-32% (P<.01), and when stimulated by submaximal exercise (24+/-32%, P<.01) or limb ischemia (26+/-45%, P<.01) in EX, but not in CON (P<.01 EX versus CON). CONCLUSIONS: Moderate-intensity resistance exercise training in CHF patients produced favorable changes to skeletal muscle strength and endurance, VO(2peak), FBF, and HRV. 
OBJECTIVE: To study the power spectrum distribution of heart rate and umbilical artery flow velocity variability in fetuses with increased nuchal translucency thickness (NT). METHODS: Doppler velocity waveforms were collected from long-lasting (>20 s) umbilical artery recordings in 18 fetuses with increased NT (>3 mm) and 18 normal controls matched for gestational age at 11-14 (median, 12) weeks. The NT group included 11 abnormal karyotypes: trisomy 18 (n = 3), 45,X (n = 4), trisomy 21 (n = 3) and a balanced translocation. Absolute heart rate as well as the coefficient of variation for both beat-to-beat heart rate variability and umbilical artery blood flow velocity variability were determined. The ratios of the integrated low-frequency components (0.05-0.2 Hz) and the integrated high-frequency ones (0.25-1.6 Hz; LH ratio) from normalized power spectrum distributions were established to reflect sympathovagal balance. RESULTS: The mean heart rate was not significantly different between the two groups. However, mean heart rate variability and time-averaged flow velocity variability were significantly increased in the NT group, while there was no significant difference in the LH ratios between the two groups. The mean umbilical artery pulsatility index was significantly higher in the NT group. CONCLUSION: The autonomic nervous system does not seem to play a role in the altered cardiovascular homeostasis in the presence of increased fetal NT. 
OBJECTIVES: The ventricular phase angle, a parametric method applied to Fourier phase analysis (FPA) in radionuclide ventriculography, allows the quantitative analysis of ventricular contractile synchrony. However, FPA reproducibility using gated blood pool SPECT (GBPS) has not been fully evaluated. The present study evaluates whether by using GBPS, the reproducibility of FPA could be improved over that in planar radionuclide angiography (PRNA). METHODS: Forty-three subjects underwent both GBPS and PRNA, of which 10 subjects were normal controls, 25 had dilated cardiomyopathy, and 8 had various heart diseases. Interventricular contractile synchrony was measured as the absolute difference in RV and LV mean ventricular phase angle as delta(phi) (RV - LV). Intraventricular contractile synchrony was measured as the standard deviation of the mean phase angle for the RV and LV blood pools (RVSD(phi), LVSD(phi)). Two nuclear physicians processed the same phase images of GBPS to evaluate the interobserver reproducibility of the phase angles using data from the 43 study participants. Phase images acquired from PRNA were processed in the same manner. RESULTS: Excellent reproducibility of delta(phi) (RV - LV) was obtained with both GBPS (Y = -3.10 + 0.89 x X; r = 0.901) and PRNA (Y = -4.51 + 0.81 x X; r = 0.834). In regard to RVSD(phi) reproducibility was not adequate with PRNA (Y = 18.56 + 0.35 x X; r = 0.424), while it was acceptable with GBPS (Y = 5.22 + 0.85 x X; r = 0.864). LVSD(phi) reproducibility was superior using both GBPS (Y = 4.15 + 0.97 x X; r = 0.965) and PRNA (Y = -0.55 + 0.98 x X; r = 0.910). CONCLUSION: Our results demonstrate FPA obtained using GBPS to be highly reproducible for evaluating delta(phi) (RV - LV), RVSD(phi) and LVSD(phi), in comparison with the PRNA method. We thus consider GBPS appropriate for evaluating ventricular contractile synchrony. 
BACKGROUND: A rapid bedside whole-blood quantitative cTnT assay has recently been developed. We evaluated the reliability of this test for the diagnosis of myocardial injury in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). MATERIAL/METHODS: Whole-blood cTnT levels were measured in 96 patients with ACS using the Roche Cardiac Reader(R) rapid bedside assay device, and the results were compared with serum cTnT levels in the same patients measured by the Roche Elecsys(R) Immunoanalyzer. There were 50 patients with clinical evidence of myocardial injury and 56 without. RESULTS: From the qualitative point of view (reporting negative or positive tests), the results of the rapid bedside tests were identical to those obtained by the serum immunoanalyzer. From quantitative the point of view, the rapid bedside tests could not measure exact values below 0.1 ng/ml (reported negative) or above 2.0 ng/ml (reported >2.0). The measurements made by the rapid bedside tests within the range of 0.1 to 2.0 ng/ml correlated well with those of the serum immunoanalyzer (Cardiac Reader(R) cTnT=0.61, Elecsys(R) cTnT+0.12; r=0.88), but their mean values were significantly lower (1.20I0.71 vs. 1.41I1.03, p=0.0007). CONCLUSIONS: The rapid bedside cTnT assay correlates well with immunoanalyzer measurements between the values of 0.1 and 2.0 ng/ml. However, they tend to give significantly lower values and fail to give exact values below 0.1 and above 2.0 ng/ml, which may affect their performance in monitoring and managing patients with ACS, and limit their use in predicting outcome. 
BACKGROUND/AIM: The Heidelberg retina flowmeter (HRF) is designed to measure retinal capillary blood flow. Previous studies however showed weak reproducibility of data. The intraindividual reproducibility of circadian HRF measurements was examined in healthy subjects in three locations of the retina. METHODS: 36 healthy volunteers (27.3 (SD 4.3) years) were examined by HRF seven times a day (t0-t6). Using a default window of 10 x 10 pixels, three consecutive measurements were performed in three precise focusing planes: superficial, intermediate and deep layer, peripapillary retina, neuroretinal rim and cup, respectively. Images of identical tissue locations identified by capillary landmarks of each layer were selected to quantify the retinal microcirculation of each volunteer. Means and standard deviations of all flow results of a given subject were calculated, at t0-t6 and the coefficients of variation as a measure of reproducibility. RESULTS: The coefficients of variation ranged between 8.4% and 41.0% in the superficial layer (mean 19.8% (SD 8.4%)), 10.6%, and 43.0% in the intermediate layer (mean 24.0% (SD 8.4%)), and 9.9% and 84.0% (mean 29.6% (SD 15.8%)) in the deep layer. CONCLUSIONS: These data show the best reproducibility of measurements in the superficial layer followed by the intermediate and the deep layer. Clinically, this is an unsatisfactory intraindividual reproducibility of flow values in each studied layer. 
Intrapatient variability of drug concentrations over time has not been evaluated as a predictor of drug response but may provide information on the onset and maintenance of response and a patient's adherence to therapy. Our objective was to develop a pharmacologically based measure of intrapatient variability of concentrations and investigate its association with a patient's response to antiretroviral therapy. Efavirenz concentrations were obtained for 50 children enrolled in Pediatric AIDS Clinical Trials Group study 382, a concentration-controlled trial of efavirenz plus nelfinavir and at least one nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. Efavirenz pharmacokinetic parameters were determined from 24-h concentration-time profiles at weeks 2 and 6 and used to predict trough concentrations obtained during 1 year of therapy. A concentration predictability score, defined as the fraction of measured trough concentrations that fell within a +/-50% range of the predicted concentration, was used to place subjects into high and low concentration predictability groups. Relationships between this score and human immunodeficiency virus RNA levels in plasma were investigated. Eight of 33 children (24%) in the high-predictability group experienced viral rebound, compared with 9 of 17 children (53%) in the low-predictability group (P = 0.042). Children with low predictability scores exhibited a significantly shorter time to their first viral rebounds and were significantly more likely to experience viral rebound; the latter finding persisted after adjustment for baseline viral load and efavirenz exposure at week 6. This novel method for the quantitation of intrapatient concentration variability was independently predictive of virologic rebound. This measure may allow interventions to minimize therapeutic failure and is applicable to other drugs.
BACKGROUND: Previous studies have indicated the variability of anti-Xa activity in different sources of heparin and the variability of different methods used for measuring anti-Xa activity. Manufacturers of low-molecular-weight heparins (LMWHs) determine each lot's anti-Xa activity against the World Health Organization standard, but little information is known about anti-Xa activity variation between lots of LMWH and the impact on reported anti-Xa activity in patient samples. OBJECTIVE: To determine the variation of plasma anti-Xa activity in patients receiving enoxaparin when different lots of enoxaparin are used for test calibration. METHODS: We obtained 7 lots of enoxaparin containing approximately 10,000 IU/mL and one lot containing approximately 15,000 IU/mL of anti-Xa activity. For each lot, a 2.0 anti-Xa IU/mL dilution was prepared and a calibration curve performed using a chromogenic method. To test the variation in reported results between the different calibration lots, 20 patient samples were tested. Nineteen patients receiving enoxaparin and one patient not receiving enoxaparin (negative control) were tested in a blinded fashion, and the changes in light absorbance recorded. Anti-Xa activity results from tested plasmas were then extrapolated from each enoxaparin lot calibration curve. RESULTS: Using Student's paired t-test, there were statistically significant differences between the plasma anti-Xa activities generated from the various enoxaparin lots. In the range of 0.5-1.0 IU/mL of anti-Xa activity, 3 (4.2%) samples had a >0.2 IU/mL difference (maximum difference 0.33 IU/mL) in anti-Xa activity between 2 lots of enoxaparin. For samples that had supratherapeutic anti-Xa activities (1.0-1.5 IU/mL anti-Xa activity), there was a wider variation (>0.2 IU/mL) in anti-Xa activity, which may have resulted in a dosing change. CONCLUSIONS: The statistical differences in plasma anti-Xa activities noted between enoxaparin lots are not clinically significant. However, anti-Xa activities in the upper therapeutic and supratherapeutic ranges (>1.0 IU/mL of anti-Xa activity) resulted in a deviation of >0.3 IU/mL in reported anti-Xa activity, which may result in dosing changes. 
The most commonly used biomarker tests of ovarian reserve are basal hormone measurements during the early follicular phase, including mainly FSH but also oestradiol, FSH:LH ratio, and inhibin B. This study was designed to assess prospectively the intra- and inter-cycle variability of serum values of those hormone biomarkers in the early follicular phase of consecutive cycles in a group of women candidates for assisted reproduction. Fifty eumenorrhoeic women underwent blood sampling for hormone measurement on cycle day 3 for three consecutive cycles, and during the first study cycle, daily samples were obtained on cycle days 2, 3, 4 and 5. No significant difference was detected among FSH concentrations and FSH:LH ratios during cycle days 2-5; in contrast, oestradiol and inhibin B were not constant through the early follicular phase. No difference in FSH or inhibin B serum concentrations and FSH:LH ratio on cycle day 3 during three consecutive cycles was noted; however, significant inter-cycle variability for oestradiol serum concentration on cycle day 3 was detected. FSH and inhibin serum concentrations, and FSH:LH ratio varied significantly less than oestradiol on cycle day 3, but inter-cycle variability was similar for the first three hormonal biomarkers of ovarian reserve. There was significantly less intra-cycle variability of FSH serum concentration and FSH:LH ratio than oestradiol and inhibin B serum concentrations. Basal FSH serum concentrations (or FSH:LH ratio) during the early follicular phase showed neither significant inter-cycle nor intra-cycle variability when measured during 3 consecutive months in an assisted reproduction patient population, thus offering greater flexibility of pretreatment sampling.
Epidemiologic studies report associations between particulate air pollution and cardiopulmonary morbidity and mortality. Although the underlying pathophysiologic mechanisms remain unclear, it has been hypothesized that altered autonomic function and pulmonary/systemic inflammation may play a role. In this study we explored the effects of air pollution on autonomic function measured by changes in heart rate variability (HRV) and blood markers of inflammation in a panel of 88 elderly subjects from three communities along the Wasatch Front in Utah. Subjects participated in multiple sessions of 24-hr ambulatory electrocardiographic monitoring and blood tests. Regression analysis was used to evaluate associations between fine particulate matter [aerodynamic diameter less than or equal to 2.5 microm (PM2.5)] and HRV, C-reactive protein (CRP), blood cell counts, and whole blood viscosity. A 100- microg/m3 increase in PM2.5 was associated with approximately a 35 (SE = 8)-msec decline in standard deviation of all normal R-R intervals (SDNN, a measure of overall HRV); a 42 (SE = 11)-msec decline in square root of the mean of the squared differences between adjacent normal R-R intervals (r-MSSD, an estimate of short-term components of HRV); and a 0.81 (SE = 0.17)-mg/dL increase in CRP. The PM2.5-HRV associations were reasonably consistent and statistically robust, but the CRP association dropped to 0.19 (SE = 0.10) after excluding the most influential subject. PM2.5 was not significantly associated with white or red blood cell counts, platelets, or whole-blood viscosity. Most short-term variability in temporal deviations of HRV and CRP was not explained by PM2.5; however, the small statistically significant associations that were observed suggest that exposure to PM2.5 may be one of multiple factors that influence HRV and CRP.
The urinary ratio of 6beta-hydroxycortisol to cortisol (6beta-OHF/F) is considered to be the simplest and most practical method for estimation of hepatic cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) activity as a non-invasive marker of human in vivo CYP3A4 activity. However, the inter- and intra-individual variability of the urinary 6beta-OHF/F ratio during liver regeneration and the effect of variability on optimal dose of tacrolimus have not yet been clarified. The objective of this study was to clarify the change in the urinary 6beta-OHF/F ratio during liver regeneration and to determine the effect of the liver graft function on the optimal tacrolimus dose in liver transplant recipients. Two liver transplant recipients (one male and one female) and eight healthy volunteers (five males and three females) were enrolled in this study. Urine samples were collected from the recipients from 08.00 hours for 24 h on post-transplant period, 1-10 and 21-30 days postoperatively. In the healthy volunteers, morning spot urine samples were collected at 08.00 hours. The mean urinary 6beta-OHF/F ratio in the immediate postoperative period was significantly low (p < 0.05). However, a marked difference in the regulation of CYP3A4 activity during liver regeneration was found in the two recipients. A significant correlation was found between the urinary 6beta-OHF/F ratio and the C/D ratio of tacrolimus (R = 0.658, p < 0.05). The urinary 6beta-OHF/F ratio is a useful probe for estimating the variability of CYP3A4 activity in liver transplant recipients in early postoperative phase. Future studies should evaluate the clinical usefulness of the urinary 6beta-OHF/F ratio as a predictor of tacrolimus pharmacokinetics in liver transplantation.
In 25 cancer patients treated with slow-release oral morphine and in 10 cancer patients treated with continuous infusion of morphine, plasma steady-state concentrations of morphine (M), morphine-3-glucuronide (M-3-G) and morphine-6-glucuronide (M-6-G) were determined by high-performance liquid chromatography. Blood samples were withdrawn at 0, 2 and 6 h after oral administration in patients treated with slow-release oral morphine and once or twice a day in patients treated with continuous infusion of morphine. In four cancer patients treated with continuous infusion of morphine, in order to analyze chronopharmacokinetic variability, the M-3-G/M ratio was observed at 12:00 h and 24:00 h. No significant changes were observed in M-3-G/M ratios and M-6-G ratios at 0, 2, and 6 h after oral administration of morphine. The M-3-G/M ratio (38.6 +/- 25.7) in the oral morphine group was significantly higher than that (15.3 +/- 12.9) in the continuous infusion group (p < 0.01). There was an approximately 10-fold interindividual variation in the M-3-G/M ratio both in the continuous infusion group and in the oral morphine group. These results suggest that the activity of UDP glucuronosyltransferase 2B7 in the intestinal metabolism of morphine may play an active part in a large interindividual variation in the ratio of metabolites to morphine. Further studies are needed to clarify this hypothesis.
BACKGROUND: Little is known about the degree to which behavioural, biological, and genetic traits contribute to within-person variation in serum cholesterol. Materials and Methods The authors studied within-person variation in serum total and high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol in 458 participants of 27 dietary intervention studies in Wageningen, The Netherlands, from 1976 to 1995. RESULTS: For a median of 4 days between blood draws, the geometric mean of the within-person standard deviation was 0.13 mmol/l ( approximately 5 mg/dl, coefficient of variation = 3.0%) for total cholesterol and 0.04 mmol/l ( approximately 1.5 mg/dl, coefficient of variation = 3.0%) for HDL cholesterol. In mixed-model linear regressions using within-person variance as the dependent variable and including lipid concentration and covariates listed below, within-person variance of both total cholesterol and HDL cholesterol was higher for greater number of days between blood draws and for self-selected diet rather than investigator-controlled diet. Within-person variance of total cholesterol only was higher for non-standardized versus standardized phlebotomy protocol and for female sex. The authors found evidence that the APOA4 -347 (12/22 genotype) and MTP -493 (11 genotype) polymorphisms may increase the within-person variation in total cholesterol. CONCLUSION: Under certain study design (self-selected diet, use of non-standardized phlebotomy protocol) or participant characteristics (female, certain polymorphisms) within-person lipid variance is increased and required sample size will be greater. These findings may have important implications for the time and cost of such interventions. 
AIMS/BACKGROUND: To investigate the reproducibility and potential diurnal variation of choroidal blood flow parameters in healthy subjects over a period of 12 hours. METHODS: The choroidal blood flow parameters of 16 healthy non-smoking subjects were measured at five time points during the day (8:00, 11:00, 14:00, 17:00, and 20:00). Outcome parameters were pulsatile ocular blood flow as assessed by pneumotonometry, fundus pulsation amplitude as assessed by laser interferometry, blood velocities in the opthalmic and posterior ciliary arteries as assessed by colour Doppler imaging, and choroidal blood flow, volume, and velocity as assessed by fundus camera based laser Doppler flowmetry. The coefficient of variation and the maximum change from baseline in an individual were calculated for each outcome parameter. RESULTS: None of the techniques used found a diurnal variation in choroidal blood flow. Coefficients of variation were within 2.9% and 13.6% for all outcome parameters. The maximum change from baseline in an individual was much higher, ranging from 11.2% to 58.8%. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that in healthy subjects the selected techniques provide adequate reproducibility to be used in clinical studies. Variability may, however, be considerably higher in older subjects or subjects with ocular disease. The higher individual differences in flow parameter readings limit the use of the techniques in clinical practice. To overcome problems with measurement validity, a clinical trial should include as many choroidal blood flow outcome parameters as possible to check for consistency. 
To assess the genetic variability in both the nocturnal increase pattern of melatonin concentration and photoresponsiveness in coat changes, an experiment on 422 Rex rabbits (from 23 males) raised under a constant light programme from birth was performed. The animals were sampled at 12 weeks of age, according to 4 periods over a year. Blood samples were taken 7 times during the dark phase and up to 1 h after the lighting began. Maturity of the fur was assessed at pelting. Heritability estimates of blood melatonin concentration (0.42, 0.17 and 0.11 at mid-night, 13 and 15 h after lights-out respectively) and strong genetic correlations between fur maturity and melatonin levels at the end of the dark phase (-0.64) indicates that (i) the variability of the nocturnal pattern of melatonin levels is under genetic control and (ii) the duration of the nocturnal melatonin increase is a genetic component of photoresponsiveness in coat changes.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the intra-individual (physiological) variation of prostate-specific antigen (PSA) measurements in men after a benign prostatic biopsy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Sixty-four men were prospectively assessed, all of whom had a benign prostatic biopsy within the preceding 13 months. The degree of intra-individual variability was established by calculating the coefficient of variation on four PSA levels obtained from each patient weekly over a month. RESULTS: Six patients were subsequently diagnosed with prostate cancer and their data are presented separately. In the remaining 58 patients the median (range) individual mean PSA value was 6.3 (0.5-34.1) ng/mL. The median (range) coefficient of variation within the group was 9.5 (2.4-76.1)%. There was a clear linear relationship between mean PSA level and the standard deviation. CONCLUSION: In 48 of the 63 patients analysed, the coefficient of variation for serum PSA values in the group as a whole was greater than the variation claimed for the assay technique. The significance of the linear relationship between PSA and the standard deviation is discussed, with particular reference to those men who had a benign prostate biopsy. 
BACKGROUND: The biological variability in serum retinol concentrations has never been examined in a large sample, and its effect on population distribution estimates and the clinical assessment of vitamin A status is unknown. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the biological CV of serum retinol and examined the effect of the CV on both population distribution estimates and clinical assessments of vitamin A status by using data from the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1988-1994. DESIGN: We described the biological CV [(SD/x) x 100] and examined associations between the CV and other factors via multivariate analysis of variance and linear regression. We used linear regression to predict the mean retinol concentration from a single concentration and established 95% CIs for each participant. We estimated the adjusted prevalence of inadequate vitamin A status (retinol < 1.05 micromol/L) on the basis of the CIs. We estimated an uncertainty range for serum retinol concentrations for which the CIs included the established cutoff. RESULTS: The mean biological CV across all strata was 6.45%. The biological CV varied significantly between racial-ethnic groups (P < 0.05). Prevalence estimates of inadequate serum retinol concentrations were reduced after adjustment for the total variation, with an adjusted overall prevalence of 0.62% compared with an unadjusted prevalence of 2.63%. CONCLUSIONS: The actual population prevalence of inadequate vitamin A status may be 75% lower than the estimates previously reported. Confirmation of vitamin A status may be needed for persons in the United States with observed serum retinol concentrations near the recognized cutoff. 
OBJECTIVE: To study the variation in genistein + daidzein intake over a 6-month period and test the reliability of 24 h urinary isoflavones as a biomarker of exposure over time. DESIGN: Dietary genistein + daidzein intake was assessed at various time points throughout six months in 15 healthy subjects. Group 1 (n=8) followed nonsupplemented diets and Group 2 (n=7) took a 35 mg/d isoflavone supplement for 3 months and each subject provided a 24 h urine collection, validated with para-aminobenzoic acid, during weeks 7, 15 and 19. Urine was analysed for genistein and daidzein using LC-MS. RESULTS: Isoflavone intake in Groups 1 and 2 ranged from 0.00 to 1.1 mg/d and 0.1 to 53.1 mg/d, respectively. Urine excretion for both groups ranged from 0.20 to 9.56 mg/d. The relationship between 24 h excretion and isoflavone intake is y=0.44 x +/- 0.03(standard deviation) + 1.57; r=0.89, P<0.001. CONCLUSION: The 24 h urinary isoflavones can be used as biomarkers of isoflavone exposure over time. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reproducibility of fractional moving blood volume (FMBV) estimation in the fetal lung using power Doppler ultrasound (PDU). METHODS: The lung blood perfusion of 20 normally grown singleton fetuses at 32-35 weeks of gestation was evaluated by two experienced observers using PDU. Each observer recorded two consecutive sequences of images from the posterior part of the fetal lung and calculated FMBV offline. FMBV expresses the percentage of blood movement within a defined region of interest (ROI). Repeatability and agreement were evaluated by means of the intraclass (intraCC) and interclass (interCC) correlation coefficients. RESULTS: FMBV was successfully evaluated in 17/20 fetuses by both observers (kappa index 0.82; 95% CI 0.51-0.93). The intraCC for repeatability for Observer A was 0.92 (95% CI 0.78-0.96), and for Observer B 0.90 (95% CI 0.74-0.96). The mean difference between the first and the second measurement was 0.7% (SD 4.5%). The interCC for repeatability over time and between the operators was 0.70 (95% CI 0.56-0.76) and the mean difference between the observers was 0.6% (SD 4.65%). The interCC for agreement was 0.92 (95% CI 0.84-0.95) and the mean difference in FMBV results when both observers analyzed the same sequences offline was 0.6% (SD 3.85%). CONCLUSION: In the hands of experienced operators, using a well-defined ROI and standard settings, FMBV estimation is a reproducible method of quantifying power Doppler signals recorded from fetal lung blood perfusion. 
BACKGROUND: It is taken for granted that glaucomatous damage is caused by changed haemodynamics of the retrobulbar vessel system besides other factors such as, for example, an elevated intraocular pressure. This was proven by various studies in which glaucoma patients were shown to have a changed retrobulbar blood flow velocity. In this study, the reliability of measurements of retrobulbar vessel perfusion by colour decoded Doppler imaging (CDI) was evaluated. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 18 healthy volunteers and 15 patients with various glaucoma types were enrolled in this study. Using a CDI system, type Siemens Sonoline Elegra with a combined applicator (7.5L40), retrobulbar vessel perfusions of the ophthalmic artery, the short posterior ciliary arteries, and the long posterior ciliary arteries of each patient were measured six times. In each measurement, pulse amplitude, end-diastolic velocity, maximum systolic velocity, pulsatility index, and resistivity index of the vessels were determined. The reproducibility of measurements was evaluated by the calculation of the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) for each parameter. RESULTS: The ICCs for the ophthalmic artery varied from 0.89 to 0.98, for the short posterior ciliary artery from 0.75 to 0.91, and for the long posterior ciliary artery from 0.77 to 0.99 in both the groups. CONCLUSIONS: The ICCs of the repeated measurements reflect a good reproducibility for both the groups with assumed different retrobulbar perfusion. These findings are prerequisites for the use of CDI in clinical practice and research. 
Combinations of tests comprising alpha2-macroglobulin, haptoglobin, apolipoprotein Al, gamma-glutamyltransferase, total bilirubin (Fibrotest) and alanine aminotransferase (Actitest) are being developed as alternatives to liver biopsy in patients with chronic hepatitis C. The aim of this study was to assess in the same laboratory the impact of parameter assay variations on Fibrotest and Actitest results and intra-patient reproducibility of the two tests. The stability of the samples for each test was studied after storage at -80 degrees C and -20 degrees C. Within-run, between-run and total imprecision for each parameter assay, and for Fibrotest and Actitest results, were determined. Transferability of assay results between different analyzers was studied. Intra-patient reproducibility was assessed in 55 hospitalized patients. Fibrotest and Actitest reference ranges were determined in 300 blood donors (reference group). The stability of the parameters was affected by serum storage at -20 degrees C only. The impact of parameter analytical variability on Fibrotest and Actitest results was less than 10% and intra-patient reproducibility was acceptable (p > 0.05). The transferability between different analyzers of results of assays performed under the same standardized and calibration conditions was excellent. Fibrotest and Actitest reference ranges in blood donors were (mean+/-SE) 0.075+/-0.004 and 0.068+/-0.004, respectively. The low intra-laboratory and intra-patient variability in Fibrotest and Actitest results confirm Fibrotest and Actitest reliability.
AIMS: To develop a condition specific quality of life measure for males and females with urinary storage symptoms of urgency, frequency, nocturia and incontinence. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A sample of community dwelling males and females aged 40 years or more who were taking part in an epidemiological study provided data for development and validation of the scale. Questions were developed from literature review and discussions with clinicians and patients. Inclusion of items was dependent on levels of missing data and principal components analysis. Validity was assessed by comparison with the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, the Bradburn Negative Affect Scale and single questions concerning the problematic nature of symptoms. Construct validity was assessed by comparing cases and non-cases, and patients with different symptom patterns. Test-retest and inter-rater reliability statistics were calculated for individual items. Responsiveness to change was measured in subjects taking part in a randomised controlled trial of a nursing intervention. RESULTS: The scale showed high levels of internal consistency and measures of construct validity were as hypothesised. Test-retest and inter-rater reliability was moderate to excellent. The distribution of scores was skewed with low levels of impact but the questionnaire was responsive to conservative treatments in patients receiving a nursing intervention. CONCLUSIONS: The questionnaire proved to be a valid and reliable interviewer administered instrument for measuring impact of urinary symptoms. 
Single measurements of enterolactone (ENL) used in epidemiologic studies are influenced by intraindividual variation. The objective of this controlled study was to investigate short-term intraindividual variations in serum and urine ENL. Based on these variations, the number of samples required to describe the basal ENL level was estimated. Healthy Danish postmenopausal women (n = 6) aged 54-67 y completed 3 study periods of 24 h within 2 mo. Blood samples were collected at 0, 4, 6, 8, 12, and 24 h and 24-h urine samples were collected. A low-lignan, standardized diet of 3 meals was served. ENL was measured by time-resolved fluoroimmunoassay. Intraindividual and interindividual variations were estimated using a mixed model with repeated measurements. Significant and systematic intraindividual within-day variations (CV) of 31% were observed in serum. Intraindividual day-to-day variations were 56% and overall intraindividual variation of samples collected at random times and on different days was estimated to be 64%. Describing this overall variation required 7 blood samples when estimated with a precision of 50% and 95% confidence. Day-to-day variations in 24-h urine samples were 49%. Large within-day and day-to-day variations suggest that a single measurement of ENL is inadequate to estimate the basal ENL level.
PURPOSE: Parameters derived from uroflowmetry are frequently used in the evaluation and reassessment of children presenting with lower urinary tract dysfunction. Since current nomograms have been constructed from 1 to 2 voids per child, variability of flow parameters is unknown. We evaluate intraindividual variability of flow parameters in children free of lower urinary tract symptoms. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Children between 4 and 16 years old (mean age 9.8) who were hospitalized but not suffering from urinary tract infection, pyelonephritis or neurological disturbance, and who had neither structural abnormality of the urinary tract nor acute pain or disorientation voided spontaneously over a flowmeter on 4 to 6 occasions. Post-void urine was estimated by ultrasound within 5 minutes of micturition to confirm complete emptying. RESULTS: A total of 98 subjects provided a mean of 4.4 traces each. Neither maximum nor average flow rate showed great intraindividual variability (maximum flow rate r >0.8, average flow rate r >0.74). Flow rates significantly correlated with flow duration, volume voided and patient age. Initial flow curves were bell-shaped in 63% of cases, staccato in 30% and intermittent in 6%. These proportions did not change with subsequent voids. There was no significant difference between genders with respect to staccato voiding, although boys demonstrated 70% of intermittent voids and were significantly older than girls. CONCLUSIONS: In normal children there is minimal variability in flow rates and the phenomenon of staccato voiding is seen approximately 30% of the time, despite no significant levels of post-void residual urine. 
We evaluated the influence of measurement site on the ranking (low to high) of abdominal subcutaneous (SAT) and visceral (VAT) adipose tissue. We also determined the influence of measurement site on the prediction of abdominal SAT and VAT mass. The subjects included 100 men with computed tomography (CT) measurements at L4-L5 and L3-L4 levels and 100 men with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) measurements at L4-L5 and 5 cm above L4-L5 (L4-L5 +5 cm). Corresponding mass values were determined by using multiple-image protocols. For SAT, 90 and 92 of the 100 subjects for CT and MRI, respectively, had a difference in rank position at the two levels. The change in rank position exceeded the error or measurement for approximately 75% of the subjects for both methods. For VAT, 91 and 95 of the 100 subjects for CT and MRI, respectively, had a difference in rank position at the two levels. The change in rank position exceeded the error of measurement for 36% of the subjects for CT and for 8% of the subjects for MRI. For both imaging modalities, the variance explained in SAT and VAT mass (kg) was comparable for L4-L5, L4-L5 +5 cm, and L3-L4 levels. In conclusion, the ranking of subjects for abdominal SAT and VAT quantity is influenced by measurement location. However, the ability to predict SAT and VAT mass by using single images obtained at the L4-L5, L4-L5 +5 cm, or L3-L4 levels is comparable.
Nucleic acid amplification-based methods are used for confirmation of viremia in antibody to hepatitis C virus (anti-HCV)-positive patients. However, this technology is labor intensive, time consuming, requires complex laboratory conditions, and expensive. The aim of this study was to evaluate the sensitivity and specificity of the HCV core antigen (HCVcAg) assay as an alternative approach for confirmation of viremia in HCV-infected subjects with HCV genotype 1-4. Two hundred forty-six asymptomatic HCV RNA- positive donors were enrolled in this study, consisting of 122 blood donors from Egypt (116 with genotype 4, 4 with genotype 1, and 2 with 1 + 4 genotypes), 109 from Japan (85 with genotype 1, and 24 with genotype 2), and 15 from Uzbekistan (all with genotype 3). A total of 234 (95.1%) of 246 RNA-positive specimens were detected by the HCVcAg assay; the sensitivity of HCVcAg assay consisted 93.4, 100, 100, and 94.8% for genotypes 1, 2, 3, and 4, respectively in comparison with RT-PCR assay. The specificity of the assay was confirmed in the absence of the false-positive results among 53 anti-HCV-negative, but anti-Schistosoma mansoni (anti-Sm) positive donors from Egypt. A positive correlation between HCVcAg and HCV RNA concentration levels (r = 0.671, P < 0.05) was observed among specimens with HCV genotype 4. The mean HCVcAg level was significantly lower in specimens with genotype 4 (2,935 fmol/L) comparing to genotypes 1, 2, and 3 (5,034, 4,962, and 4,740 fmol/L, respectively). No specific mutation was found in the core-encoding region of the studied specimens. In conclusion, HCVcAg is shown to be specific, sensitive, and informative qualitative index for HCV viremia in asymptomatic carriers.
In recent years, a number of investigators have studied the relationship between IGF-I and risk of developing cancer, diabetes or cardiovascular disease. Upper tertile, quartile, and quintile IGF-Is were associated with higher risk of developing cancer, and lowest quartile with cardiac disease and diabetes. As part of a study to correlate serum IGF-Is and growth hormone dynamics in aging, we measured fasting serum IGF-I at baseline and two weeks later in a group of 84 normal volunteers between the ages of 50 and 90 years. Although the correlation between the two IGF-Is was high (r=0.922; p<0.0001) there were substantial differences between the two IGF-I values ranging from -36.25 to +38.24% between individual IGF-I values at the two blood draws and a significant difference between the mean IGF-Is at visits I and 2 (mean 120.28+/-53.5 vs. 114.95+/-50.03; p=0.03). When considered in quartiles, IGF-I changed from one quartile to another in 34/84 (40.5%) of the volunteers. When the group was divided in halves, tertiles,quartiles, or quintiles there was an increasing number of subjects who changed from one subdivision to another as the number of gradations increased. These results suggest that the predictive outcomes of earlier studies that used single IGF-I samples for analysis of risk ratios according to tertiles, quartiles, or quintiles could have been different if a second IGF-I was used to establish the risk ratio. The results also suggest that variability in IGF-I should be taken into account when designing such studies.
BACKGROUND: Lithium is a highly effective agent for numerous psychiatric disorders but requires therapeutic monitoring because of its narrow therapeutic index. This article describes a novel instant blood test that will facilitate the routine monitoring process. METHOD: This instant blood test allows the clinician to take a finger-stick sample of whole blood and determine the plasma lithium level in a 2-minute period. This new test is compared with standard laboratory measurements for lithium in human subjects. The reliability of the new test is reported as agreement with standard laboratory values in 3 studies involving a total of 269 subjects. RESULTS: The test demonstrates extremely high reliability (r = 0.962, 0.928, 0.983 for studies 1-3, respectively) for the measurement of serum and plasma lithium levels as compared with standard laboratory measures. CONCLUSION: This new test is reliable and offers unique advantages over standard laboratory procedures for measuring lithium levels in patients. 
Efavirenz is a drug subject to extensive metabolism, mainly by the cytochrome P-450 isoenzyme CYP2B6, known to exhibit extensive interindividual variability. The aim of the present study was 2-fold: to investigate the relationship between plasma concentration and clinical effects of efavirenz and to investigate the extent of the inter- and intraindividual variability of the plasma concentration measurements. From an open clinic, 68 HIV-positive patients on efavirenz-containing treatment were recruited. From each patient 1 to 5 samples were collected; 43 had more than 1 sample taken. Most samples were taken 10-24 hours after the latest dose. Efavirenz was analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography with UV detection. The data were analyzed by the variance component model analysis of variance. Efavirenz concentrations were reproducible, and intraindividual variability constituted only 16% of the total variance. Thus, 84% of the variance was attributed to interindividual variability. The incidence of primary treatment failure was related to low plasma concentrations with a geometric mean concentration of 6.1 micromol/L compared with 8.7 micromol/L in those responding to therapy (P < 0.05). If a cutoff of 7 micromol/L is used, 10 of 13 failing to respond were below this level compared with 15 of 45 in those responding. It is concluded that efavirenz plasma concentration measurement gives reproducible results predictive of primary treatment failure. A lower bound for the therapeutic level of 7 micromol/L is proposed, and data from other authors suggests that an upper level of 13 micromol/L may be applied.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate variability in pulsatility/resistance indices and absolute velocities of blood flow in fetal renal arteries dependent on side and sampling site within each vessel. METHODS: Doppler blood flow measurements of pulsatility index (PI), resistance index (RI) and peak systolic velocity (PSV) and end-diastolic velocity (EDV) were performed in the renal arteries of 27 fetuses between 236 and 247 days of gestation. Velocity waveforms were sampled in both the right and left renal arteries at two different sites: proximally, close to the aorta, and distally, before any major visible bifurcation of the vessels. The intraobserver variation was measured in 15 additional fetuses. RESULTS: Mean values of PI and RI were similar in the right and left renal arteries and at the proximal and distal sampling sites of these arteries. Mean PSV and EDV were higher at the proximal compared to the distal site on both sides. For all parameters the 95% limits of agreement between measurements made in the right and left arteries and at proximal and distal sites were wide but tended to be narrower for the left renal artery and at the distal site. Intraclass correlation coefficients for intraobserver variability were 0.88, 0.89, 0.83 and 0.81 for PI, RI, PSV and EDV, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: It is important to standardize the precise site at which Doppler blood flow velocity waveform measurements are made in the renal arteries of the fetus. On the basis of our observations, we suggest that the left renal artery is the preferred vessel for sampling and that measurements should be made in the renal arterial trunk away from the aorta and before any visible branches. 
OBJECTIVES: Infants and children undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass for repair of congenital heart defects are at substantial risk for excessive bleeding, contributing greatly to morbidity and mortality. Aprotinin significantly reduces bleeding and transfusion requirements in adults but is of indeterminate value for pediatric patients. The aim of this study was to determine plasma aprotinin concentrations in these patients with a functional aprotinin assay. METHODS: Thirty patients less than 16 years of age scheduled for cardiac surgery with aprotinin were enrolled. Aprotinin was administered as a 25,000 KIU/kg bolus, 35,000 KIU/kg cardiopulmonary bypass prime, and 12,500 KIU.kg(-1).h(-1) continuous infusion. Blood samples for aprotinin concentrations (kallikrein-inhibiting units/milliliter) were obtained before aprotinin; 5 minutes post-bolus; 5 minutes after cardiopulmonary bypass initiation; 30 and 60 minutes on cardiopulmonary bypass; on discontinuation of aprotinin; 1 hour after aprotinin discontinuation; and 4 hours after permanent separation from cardiopulmonary bypass. For analysis, patients were grouped according to weight (<10 kg, 10-20 kg, >20 kg). Differences between weight groups were assessed using an exact test for categoric variables and 1-way analysis of variance for continuous variables. RESULTS: Aprotinin concentrations differed significantly across weight groups. Five minutes after aprotinin bolus and initiation of cardiopulmonary bypass, there was significant correlation between weight and aprotinin concentration (r =.57, P =.003; r =.69, P =.001, respectively). CONCLUSION: A functional assay reveals significant variability in aprotinin concentration for pediatric patients using current weight-based aprotinin dosing. Additional investigation is necessary to determine target aprotinin concentration dosing regimens to provide better efficacy. 
The aim of the present study was to characterize the functional relationships between behaviorally evoked regional brain activation and cardiac autonomic activity in humans. Concurrent estimates of regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF; obtained by positron emission tomography), heart period, and high-frequency heart period variability (HF-HPV; an indicator of cardiac parasympathetic activity) were examined in 93 adults (aged 50-70 years) who performed a series of increasingly difficult working-memory tasks. Increased task difficulty resulted in decreased heart period (indicating cardioacceleration) and decreased HF-HPV (indicating decreased cardiac parasympathetic activity). Task-induced decreases in heart period and HF-HPV were associated with concurrent increases and decreases in rCBF to cortical and subcortical brain regions that are speculated to regulate cardiac autonomic activity during behavioral processes: the medial-prefrontal, insular, and anterior cingulate cortices, the amygdala-hippocampal complex, and the cerebellum. These findings replicate and extend a small number of functional neuroimaging studies that suggest an important role for both cortical and subcortical brain systems in human cardiac autonomic regulation.
BACKGROUND: The mucopolysaccharidosis (MPS) are a group of inherited metabolic disorders resulting from the deficiency of the enzyme responsible for intralysosomal catabolism of glycosaminoglycans (GAGs). GAGs are progressively accumulated in multiple tissues and released into the corporal fluids. The first laboratory approximation to MPS diagnosis is the identification of an increased urinary GAG excretion. For this, several semiquantitative and quantitative methods have been developed. The aim of this retrospective statistical study was to evaluate the reliability of MPS urine screening for the semiquantitative Berry spot test (BST) and the quantitative dimethylmethylene blue test (DMB). METHODS: The 24-h-urine samples (n = 246) were tested through BST, DMB, and for GAG excretion pattern by one-dimensional electrophoresis or thin layer chromatography. RESULTS: the 204 samples that demonstrated a normal GAG excretion pattern were considered as non-MPS samples. Forty-two samples presented an abnormal GAG excretion pattern. Enzyme analysis was available for 31 out of 42 patients (31/42), confirming that all were affected by MPS. Urinary GAG concentrations of MPS patients by DMB were increased 1.04- to 7.1-folds, compared to age-related normal levels. The sensitivity was 100% for DMB and 93.6% for BST. DMB demonstrated a specificity of 74.5%, while BST a specificity of 53.9%. The specificity of MPS screening increased to 84.3%, considering conjunctly DMB and BST. CONCLUSION: The DMB is a sensitive method, however, inclusion of BST could increase the specificity of MPS urine screening. 
OBJECTIVE: While the clinical utility of the serum CA-125 antigen level in demonstrating objective evidence of regression or progression of disease in women with ovarian cancer is well-established, the relationship between both the absolute value of this tumor maker, or its rate of change over time, and the short-term clinical course (e.g., development of cancer-related symptoms) in individual patients remains poorly defined. CASE REPORTS: Five women currently under the care of physicians in the Gynecologic Cancer program of the Cleveland Clinic demonstrate the marked variability in the correlation between the serum CA-125 antigen and the natural history of disease for individual patients with ovarian or primary peritoneal cancers. In these cases, persistent elevations (>100 units/ml for >2 years), rapid changes (<200 units/ml to >2000 units/ml over < or = 2 months), or extremely high CA-125 values (>5000 units/ml) failed to accurately predict the presence, time to development, or severity of symptoms. CONCLUSION: In the second-line and palliative management of ovarian or primary peritoneal cancers, it is important to emphasize the critical need for clinical judgement in the decision to initiate or alter therapy in individual patients based solely on changes in the serum level of the CA-125 antigen. 
AIMS: [1] To quantify the random and predictable components of variability for aminoglycoside clearance and volume of distribution [2] To investigate models for predicting aminoglycoside clearance in patients with low serum creatinine concentrations [3] To evaluate the predictive performance of initial dosing strategies for achieving an aminoglycoside target concentration. METHODS: Aminoglycoside demographic, dosing and concentration data were collected from 697 adult patients (> or =20 years old) as part of standard clinical care using a target concentration intervention approach for dose individualization. It was assumed that aminoglycoside clearance had a renal and a nonrenal component, with the renal component being linearly related to predicted creatinine clearance. RESULTS: A two compartment pharmacokinetic model best described the aminoglycoside data. The addition of weight, age, sex and serum creatinine as covariates reduced the random component of between subject variability (BSVR) in clearance (CL) from 94% to 36% of population parameter variability (PPV). The final pharmacokinetic parameter estimates for the model with the best predictive performance were: CL, 4.7 l h(-1) 70 kg(-1); intercompartmental clearance (CLic), 1 l h(-1) 70 kg(-1); volume of central compartment (V1), 19.5 l 70 kg(-1); volume of peripheral compartment (V2) 11.2 l 70 kg(-1). CONCLUSIONS: Using a fixed dose of aminoglycoside will achieve 35% of typical patients within 80-125% of a required dose. Covariate guided predictions increase this up to 61%. However, because we have shown that random within subject variability (WSVR) in clearance is less than safe and effective variability (SEV), target concentration intervention can potentially achieve safe and effective doses in 90% of patients. 
PURPOSE: To evaluate whether muscle contraction-induced variability of limb femoral arterial blood flow (FABF) can be reduced with longer sampling durations. This was assessed in relation to muscle contraction-relaxation cycles (CRcycles) during steady-state, one-legged, dynamic knee-extensor exercise (KEE) at varying "exercise intensities" and "contraction frequencies." METHODS: Eleven male subjects performed steady-state KEE at 10-40 W at 30 and 60 contractions per minute (cpm). FABF (Doppler ultrasound) and contraction-relaxation-induced variability in FABF was determined for 1-, 2-, 5-, 10-, 15-, 20-, and 30-CRcycles during approximately 4-min steady-state KEE. Variability was determined as coefficients of variation (CV). RESULTS: During KEE at 30 and 60 cpm CVFABF was significantly higher for 1-CRcycles (12.3% and 15.5%) and 2-CRcycles (9.6% and 11.8%) than for 30-CRcycles (4.0% and 5.2%), but similar for 10-CRcycles to 30-CRcycles at all work rates and contraction frequencies. The CVFABF between work rates at 30 and 60 cpm did not statistically differ (P = NS) for any of the CRcycle measurements. However, the single CRcycles-induced CVFABF at 60 cpm was significantly higher (P < 0.05) than that at 30 cpm at the lower exercise intensities of 10 and 20 W, but with no significant difference at 30 and 40W. CONCLUSION: Limb blood flow variability was markedly reduced with a longer sampling measurement of at least 10-CRcycles, which had a CVFABF of approximately 5%. Furthermore, the 1-CRcycle-induced FABF variability was similar at each exercise intensity, but significant variations were seen between contraction frequencies at lower exercise intensities. It is speculated the difference between the contraction frequencies at lower exercise intensities may be due to the muscle contraction-relaxation-induced variations in muscle force (intramuscular pressure), along with the superimposed blood pressure waves. 
Sympathetic tone increases with stimulation of the renin-angiotensin system and is under the influence of salt intake. In the European Project On Genes in Hypertension (EPOGH), we investigated whether polymorphisms in the genes encoding aldosterone synthase (CYP11B2 C-344T) and the type-1 angiotensin II receptor (AT1R A1166C) affect the autonomic modulation of heart rate at varying levels of salt intake. We measured the low frequency (LF) and high frequency (HF) components of heart rate variability and their ratio (LF:HF) in the supine and standing positions in 1797 participants (401 families and 320 unrelated subjects) randomly selected from 6 European populations, whose average urinary sodium excretion ranged from 163 to 245 mmol/d. In multivariate analyses with sodium excretion analyzed as a continuous variable, we explored the phenotype-genotype associations using generalized estimating equations and quantitative transmission disequilibrium tests. Across populations, there was no heterogeneity in the phenotype-genotype relations. The genotypic effects differed according to sodium excretion. In subjects with sodium excretion <190 mmol/d (median), supine heart rate, LF, and LF:HF increased and HF decreased with the number of CYP11B2 -344T alleles, and the orthostatic changes in LF, HF, and LF:HF were blunted in carriers of the AT1R 1166C allele. In subjects with sodium excretion >190 mmol/d, these associations with the CYP11B2 and AT1R polymorphisms were nonsignificant or in the opposite direction, respectively. Thus, CYP11B2 C-344T and AT1R A1166C polymorphisms affect the autonomic modulation of heart rate, but these genetic effects depend on sodium excretion.
BACKGROUND: Chronic diffuse telogen hair loss is common in women. Paired 4-mm punch biopsy from the vertex scalp for horizontal and vertical sectioning is commonly used to distinguish between chronic telogen effluvium (CTE) and female pattern hair loss (FPHL). FPHL is now the favored term for androgenetic alopecia in women. OBJECTIVE AND METHODS: To evaluate the reliability of a single horizontally sectioned scalp biopsy in the diagnosis of FPHL, 207 women presenting with chronic diffuse hair loss had three 4-mm punch biopsy specimens taken from immediately adjacent skin on the mid scalp, and all 3 biopsy specimens were sectioned horizontally. Findings were compared with 305 women who underwent two biopsies, with one sectioned horizontally and the other vertically. The terminal to vellus-like hair ratio (T:V) at the mid-isthmus level was used to diagnose FPHL (T:V <4:1), CTE (T:V >8:1), or indeterminate hair loss (T:V=5:1, 6:1, or 7:1). To correlate the histologic diagnosis with the clinical severity, a mid-scalp clinical grading scale was developed. RESULTS: Among the 305 women who had a single horizontal scalp biopsy, 181 (59%) were diagnosed as having FPHL, 54 (18%) having CTE, and 70 (23%) having indeterminate hair loss. Six hundred twenty-one horizontal biopsy specimens were assessed from 207 patients. On the basis of consensus over 3 biopsies, 159 (77%) were diagnosed as having FPHL, 44 (21%) having CTE, and the remaining 4 women (2%) as having indeterminate hair loss. Among these 207 women, 114 were assessed clinically as having stage 1 or 2 hair loss. Sixty-nine (60%) were diagnosed as having FPHL on the basis of triple biopsy, 42 (37%) having CTE, and 2 having indeterminate hair loss. Ninety-three were graded as having stage 3, 4, or 5 hair loss. FPHL was diagnosed in 90 women (97%), CTE in 2, and indeterminate hair loss in one. By using each single biopsy as the criterion for diagnosis, 398 (61%) were classified as FPHL, 99 (16%) as CTE, and 124 (20%) as indeterminate. In 493 biopsies (79%), the single biopsy conclusion was identical to the 3 biopsy conclusions. Where disagreement was seen (21%), most were classified as indeterminate, rather than as a wrong diagnosis (3.3%). CONCLUSION: Application of these diagnostic criteria achieved accurate diagnostic definition in 98% of women with triple horizontal biopsies versus 79% with single horizontal biopsy. Ninety-seven percent of women with a mid-scalp clinical grade of 3, 4, or 5 were given a diagnosis of FPHL on triple biopsy. Scalp biopsy for diagnosis should be reserved for women with a mid-scalp clinical grade of 1 or 2. 
SUMMARY: Using replicated human serum samples, we applied an error model for proteomic differential expression profiling for a high-resolution liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) platform. The detailed noise analysis presented here uses an experimental design that separates variance caused by sample preparation from variance due to analytical equipment. An analytic approach based on a two-component error model was applied, and in combination with an existing data driven technique that utilizes local sample averaging, we characterized and quantified the noise variance as a function of mean peak intensity. The results indicate that for processed LC-MS data a constant coefficient of variation is dominant for high intensities, whereas a model for low intensities explains Poisson-like variations. This result leads to a quadratic variance model which is used for the estimation of sample preparation noise present in LC-MS data. 
The purpose of this study was to estimate variability of flow Doppler parameters in the superior thyroid artery (STHA) during the menstrual cycle in young women and to explore the influence of endogenous 17-b-estradiol (E2) and progesterone (PRG) on the velocity waveform. The plasma concentration of these hormones was correlated with flow velocities, pulsatility index (PUI), resistance index (RI) and acceleration index (accI) and time (accT), which were measured with color-coded duplex sonography 8 times during the cycle in 14 healthy women (age range: 23 to 25 years). Coefficient of variation (CV), interclass correlation (ICC), repeatability (repC) and pooled Pearson correlation (r) coefficients were used to estimate the variability of the parameters. The highest variability was found for accI and accT: CV = 48% and 31%; ICC = 0.51 and 0.45; repC = 2.8 and 95; r = 0.37 and 0.4, respectively. The CV for flow velocities varied from 25% to 26%, ICC from 0.53 to 0.56, repC from 8 to 17 and r has a value of 0.46. The respective values for RI and PUI were: 11%, 18%; 0.48, 0.55; 0.15, 0.48; and 0.46, 0.48. The diastolic blood pressure decreased significantly by 7 mmHg (p < 0.01) in the luteal phase, whereas other physiological variables were stable during the cycle. Although the fluctuations of the flow parameters during the cycle were not statistically significant, a weak linear correlation between flow velocities and concentration of E2 was found; for mean velocity r = 0.16, p < 0.05. Impedance indices showed an increasing trend in the luteal phase, along with increase of the pulse pressure index (PPI). The results showed that variability of the flow parameters in the STHA is substantial and that higher flow velocities are associated with increase of plasma concentration of 17-b-estradiol during the menstrual cycle in young women.
Oxidative stress is the hallmark of various chronic inflammatory lung diseases. Increased concentrations of reactive oxygen species (ROS) in the lungs of such patients are reflected by elevated concentrations of oxidative stress markers in the breath, airways, lung tissue and blood. Traditionally, the measurement of these biomarkers has involved invasive procedures to procure the samples or to examine the affected compartments, to the patient's discomfort. As a consequence, there is a need for less or non-invasive approaches to measure oxidative stress. The collection of exhaled breath condensate (EBC) has recently emerged as a non-invasive sampling method for real-time analysis and evaluation of oxidative stress biomarkers in the lower respiratory tract airways. The biomarkers of oxidative stress such as H2O2, F2-isoprostanes, malondialdehyde, 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal, antioxidants, glutathione and nitrosative stress such as nitrate/nitrite and nitrosated species have been successfully measured in EBC. The reproducibility, sensitivity and specificity of the methodologies used in the measurements of EBC oxidative stress biomarkers are discussed. Oxidative stress biomarkers also have been measured for various antioxidants in disease prognosis. EBC is currently used as a research and diagnostic tool in free radical research, yielding information on redox disturbance and the degree and type of inflammation in the lung. It is expected that EBC can be exploited to detect specific levels of biomarkers and monitor disease severity in response to appropriate prescribed therapy/treatment.
Widespread application of contemporary-use insecticides results in low-level exposure for a majority of the population through a variety of pathways. Urinary insecticide biomarkers account for all exposure pathways, but failure to account for temporal within-subject variability of urinary levels can lead to exposure misclassification. To examine temporal variability in urinary markers of contemporary-use insecticides, nine repeated urine samples were collected over 3 months from 10 men participating in an ongoing study of male reproductive health. These 90 samples were analyzed for urinary metabolites of chlorpyrifos (3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridinol (TCPY)) and carbaryl (1-naphthol (1N)). Volume- based (unadjusted), as well as creatinine (CRE)- and specific gravity (SG)-adjusted concentrations were measured. TCPY had low reliability with an intraclass correlation coefficient between 0.15 and 0.21, while 1N was moderately reliable with an intraclass correlation coefficient between 0.55 and 0.61. When the 10 men were divided into tertiles based on 3-month geometric mean TCPY and 1N levels, a single urine sample performed adequately in classifying a subject into the highest or lowest exposure tertiles. Sensitivity and specificity ranged from 0.44 to 0.84 for TCPY and from 0.56 to 0.89 for 1N. Some differences in the results between unadjusted metabolite concentrations and concentrations adjusted for CRE and SG were observed. Questionnaires were used to assess diet in the 24 h preceding the collection of each urine sample. In mixed-effects models, TCPY was significantly associated with season as well as with consuming grapes and cheese, while 1N levels were associated with consuming strawberries. In conclusion, although a single sample adequately predicted longer-term average exposure, a second sample collected at least 1 month following the first sample would reduce exposure measurement error.
Hexavalent chromium (Cr[VI]) is a genotoxic carcinogen that has been associated with an increased risk of nasal and respiratory tract cancers following occupational exposure. Although the precise mechanism(s) remain to be elucidated, there is evidence for a role of oxidative DNA damage in the genotoxicity of Cr(VI). In the current study, human white blood cells were treated in vitro with non-cytotoxic concentrations of sodium dichromate (1-100 microM) for 1 h. Analysis by immunocytochemistry indicated the presence of elevated levels of 8-oxo-7,8-dihydro-2'-deoxyguanosine at concentrations of sodium dichromate greater than 10 microM. In contrast, the lowest concentration of dichromate that resulted in a statistically significant increase in levels of formamidopyrimidine DNA glycosylase (FPG)-dependent DNA strand breaks was 100 nM (p<0.05). In addition, levels of both control and dichromate-induced FPG-dependent strand breaks from blood samples taken from the same individuals over 10 months proved remarkably reproducible in the individuals studied. The coefficients of variation over three different times of the year in control and dichromate-induced oxidative DNA damage for the four individuals were 54, 1, 37 and 4, and 45, 6, 21 and 18%, respectively. In summary, these results indicate that physiologically relevant, nanomolar concentrations of sodium dichromate cause DNA base oxidation in human white blood cells in vitro as assessed by the FPG-modified comet assay. Furthermore, comet assay data from an individual are reproducible over an extended period. This consistency is sufficient to suggest that the modified comet assay might prove to be a useful and sensitive biomonitoring tool for individuals occupationally exposed to hexavalent chromium.
Effects of cigarette smoking and exposure to dietary cadmium (Cd) and lead (Pb) on urinary biomarkers of renal function and phenotypic variability of cytochrome P450 2A6 (CYP2A6) were investigated in a group of 96 healthy Thai men with mean age of 36.7 year (19-57 years). In non-smokers, Cd burden increased with age (r = 0.47, P < 0.001). In current smokers, Cd burden increased with both age (r = 0.45, P = 0.01) and number of cigarettes smoked per day (r = 0.32, P = 0.05). Cd-linked renal tubular dysfunction was seen in both smokers and non-smokers, but Pb-linked glomerular dysfunction was seen in smokers only, possibly due to more recent exposure to high levels of Cd and Pb, as reflected by 30-50% higher serum Cd and Pb levels in smokers than non-smokers (P < 0.05). Exposure to dietary Cd and Pb appeared to be associated with mild tubular dysfunction whereas dietary exposure plus cigarette smoking was associated with tubular plus glomerular dysfunction. Hepatic CYP2A6 activity in non-smokers showed a positive association with Cd burden (adjusted beta = 0.38, P = 0.006), but it showed an inverse correlation with Pb (adjusted beta = -0.29, P = 0.003), suggesting opposing effects of Cd and Pb on hepatic CYP2A6 phenotype. In contrast, CYP2A6 activity in current smokers did not correlate with Cd or Pb, but it showed a positive correlation with serum ferritin levels (r = 0.45, P = 0.01). These finding suggest that Pb concentrations in the liver probably were too low to inhibit hepatic synthesis of heme and CYP2A6 and that the concurrent induction of hepatic CYP2A6 and ferritin was probably due to cigarette smoke constituents other than Cd and Pb.
T-cell reactivity is typically measured by cell proliferation and/or production of cytokines in response to antigenic/mitogenic stimulation. The choice of assays is more limited in ruminants than rodents, and complicated by the variability inherent in outbred populations. We have measured proliferation and production of interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) by peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from 24 sheep, and compared the responses between sheep, within sheep over several sample points, and also drawn comparisons between the two assays. PBMC derived from different sheep varied by as much as ten-fold in both proliferation and IFN-gamma production, though not necessarily at the same sample time. Thus, there was a poor correlation between the two assays and also considerable variation in the responses from the same animal at different time points. Both parameters could be modulated by exogenous recombinant ovine interleukin (IL)-10 and IL-12, but we were unable to correlate IFN-gamma production with endogenous cytokine production in the assays. These data highlight the importance of assay selection for the measurement of immune responsiveness and also demonstrate the variation that can be expected between sheep and over time.
BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic studies are dependent on simple and valid questions to assess the prevalence and type of urinary incontinence. OBJECTIVE: To examine the reproducibility and validity of two standardized questions seeking to identify stress and urge incontinence among elderly women. METHODS: A random sample of 421 women 75 years or older living in the center of Odense, Denmark, were invited to participate, and 223 (53%) accepted a first interview in their home. A sample of 154 women were selected for a second interview with the same questions [accepted by 144 (94%)]. The second visit also included a long open interview about incontinence and was followed by a prospective registration of leakages. RESULTS: In the first interview 39% (95% confidence interval (CI) 34-47%) of the elderly women reported incontinence. The reliability of the questions was acceptable [kappa of 0.81 (95% CI 0.34-0.89)] with percent agreement of 90% (95% CI 84-95%) between first and second interviews for all incontinence (stress and/or urge). When the open interview was used as a "gold standard," the questions showed acceptable validity: a sensitivity of 0.91 (95% CI 0.86-0.96) and a specificity of 0.86 (95% CI 0.80-0.92) for all incontinence. CONCLUSION: Standardized questions about incontinence give reproducible answers and produce information that is comparable to a long open interview. 
Venous occlusion plethysmography is commonly used as a tool to assess BF (blood flow) and VR (vascular resistance) at baseline and during PORH (post-occlusive reactive hyperaemia). However, little is known about the reproducibility of this method. The purpose of the present study was to investigate short- (hours) and medium (week)-term reproducibility of forearm, calf and thigh BF and VR at baseline and during PORH. Reproducibility was assessed by the CV (coefficient of variation). In eight subjects, baseline BF and VR of the forearm, calf and thigh were measured using venous occlusion plethysmography (50 mmHg). PORH and minimal VR were measured after 13 min of arterial occlusion (220 mmHg). Reproducibility of baseline forearm and calf BF was acceptable and in agreement with previous studies (CV, 12.9-21.2%). Short- and medium-term reproducibility of thigh BF was good (CV, 5.9% and 8.7% respectively). Baseline VR showed acceptable-to-good reproducibility for forearm, calf and thigh (8.3-22.5%). Forearm PORH showed a CV of 6.1% (short term) and 8.6% (medium term); this was 6.1% (short term) and 6.4% (medium term) for the calf and 6.4% (short term) and 8.0% (medium term) for the thigh. Minimal VR showed good-to-acceptable reproducibility (CV, 6.1-11.7%). In conclusion, forearm, calf and thigh BF and PORH measured by plethysmography have an acceptable-to-good short- and medium-term reproducibility. Short- and medium-term reproducibility of forearm and calf baseline BF are acceptable and thigh baseline BF has a good short- and medium-term reproducibility. Therefore plethysmography is a suitable low-cost tool to assess thigh baseline BF and PORH.
BACKGROUND: Patients with heart disease are at risk of developing congestive heart failure (CHF). Neurohormonal activation may make an important contribution. AIM: In stable heart patients from primary care, to examine neuroendocrine markers of cardiac performance for the association to cardiac dysfunction, morbidity and mortality. METHODS: Plasma N-terminal atrial natriuretic peptide (N-ANP), catecholamines, 24-h ECG and blood pressure, serum urea and creatinine, echocardiography, chest X-ray and physical examination were performed. Death was recorded during 5 to 7 years of follow-up. RESULTS: The study included 56 patients. Mean age was 71 years, 54% were men, 43% had clinical signs of CHF, 39 + 52 + 9% were in NYHA I + II + III, 34% had echocardiographic cardiac dysfunction, and 18 died during follow-up. N-ANP was related to all subtypes of cardiac dysfunction (p < 0.05). Catecholamines and premature ventricular captures (PVC) were related to valvular and systolic dysfunction, but heart rate variability and dipping blood pressure were not (p > 0.05). On multivariate analyses only, N-ANP and PVC were associated with clinical signs of CHF, echocardiographic cardiac dysfunction, and mortality (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Plasma N-ANP was stronger than catecholamines and variables of 24-h monitoring (blood pressure and electrocardiogram) in predicting morbidity and mortality, thereby supporting the use of cardiac natriuretic peptides (i.e. N-ANP, BNP, or N-BNP) as the most valuable biomarker in community patients at risk of CHF. 
We have studied the breeding parameters, organochlorine compounds (OCs) concentrations, and fatty acid (FA) composition of egg yolks (n = 47) and plasma (n = 90) of common terns (Sterna hirundo) from two colonies (Banya and Fangar) in the Ebro delta, NE Spain. Terns from Banya tend to have smaller clutch size and lower hatching success than terns from Fangar. p,p'-DDE and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) concentrations were almost 2-fold higher in yolks from Banya in 1998 than from Fangar in 1999, and the percentage of n-6 PUFA was positively correlated with these contaminants. Differences between samplings in OCs concentrations in plasma were less evident, and were affected by breeding chronology. The highest OCs concentrations in yolks from Banya may be explained by two processes involving the increased deposition of n-6 PUFA: (1) higher mobilization of endogenous fat due to lower food resources, or (2) differences in the diet between colonies. Birds from Banya may have been feeding at a higher degree on discards of trawling fisheries composed of demersal and benthic fish species that are more exposed to contaminants from sediment and have lower n-3/n-6 ratio, whereas birds from Fangar would feed mostly on pelagic species of small clupeiformes that are less polluted and have higher n-3/n-6 ratios.
OBJECTIVE: To estimate variability of renal flow Doppler parameters during the menstrual cycle in young women, and to explore whether the parameters oscillate substantially throughout the cycle. METHODS: The peak systolic, mean, and end-diastolic velocities, pulsatility (PI) and resistance (RI) indices, acceleration time (AT) and index (AI) of the right renal artery were measured nine times during the cycle with duplex sonography in 14 healthy women (age range, 23-25 years), and correlated with plasma concentrations of 17beta-estradiol and progesterone. Coefficient of variation (CV), interclass correlation (rho), and repeatability coefficients (RC) were used to measure the variability. RESULTS: The measures of the variability for AI and AT were: CV = 45.4% and 37.3%; rho = 0.25 and 0.15; RC = 10.1 and 99.5, respectively. The CV for flow velocities varied from 24.1% to 25.5%, rho from 0.49 to 0.50, RC from 22.7 for end-diastolic to 63.3 for peak systolic velocity. The respective figures for PI and RI were: CV = 17% and 8.3%; rho = 0.21 and 0.29; RC = 0.53 and 0.15. Fluctuations of the flow parameters, hematocrit, hemoglobin, heart rate, and systolic blood pressure during the menstrual cycle were insignificant, while the diastolic blood pressure decreased by about 7 mmHg (P < 0.01) in the luteal phase. CONCLUSION: The variability of renal flow Doppler parameters during the menstrual cycle in young healthy women is substantial. However, fluctuations of the values of the parameters throughout the cycle were non-significant. 
The present study determined the interindividual and intrandividual variability of the urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol/cortisol ratio, a useful marker for CYP3A induction and inhibition in Chinese subjects. The study consisted of 2 parts. In part I, 82 healthy male Chinese subjects underwent 3 study sessions, each separated by a 1-week interval. In part II, 20 subjects who initially completed part I underwent another 3 sessions over a period of 3 to 4 months. During each session, a first-morning urine specimen was collected from each subject for the quantification of urinary concentrations of cortisol and 6beta-hydroxycortisol. There were no significant differences in the mean 6beta-hydroxycortisol/cortisol ratios among the 3 sessions (P > .05, 1-way analysis of variance) for both part I and part II of the study. A normal distribution of the 6beta-hydroxycortisol/cortisol ratio was observed (P = .849, Kolmogorov-Smirnov test). This ratio varied 30-fold (range, 0.76-23.23) among the study subjects. The mean intraindividual variabilities during the short (3-week) and long (3- to 4-month) periods were 30.9% +/- 17.5% and 32.2% +/- 17.1%, respectively. The genetic fraction contributing to the observed variability in the 6beta-hydroxycortisol/cortisol ratio was estimated to be 0.91. The genetic component is likely to contribute significantly to the variability of the 6beta-hydroxycortisol/cortisol ratio, and such variability should be considered when the ratio is used to evaluate CYP3A induction or inhibition in a given ethnic population.
Consistent, individual differences in the expression of maternal behaviour have been described in several species including the sheep. The neuroendocrine mechanisms underlying the onset of maternal behaviour in the sheep have been described, although the relationship between hormonal events and individual differences in behaviour has yet to be determined. In this study, we examined whether the individual differences in plasma estradiol, progesterone, oxytocin and cortisol concentrations were related to observed individual and breed differences in maternal behaviours in two breeds of sheep (Scottish Blackface and Suffolk) known to differ in maternal behavioural expression. Maternal estradiol concentration increased rapidly before parturition and was higher in Blackface ewes than Suffolk ewes. Plasma progesterone declined before parturition and was higher in Suffolk than Blackface ewes. Prepartum estradiol, but not progesterone, was related to individual differences in maternal grooming of the lamb. Plasma oxytocin did not differ between breeds in late gestation. There was a tendency for oxytocin to be higher in Blackface than Suffolk ewes immediately after birth. However, there were no significant relationships between prepartum or postpartum oxytocin and any maternal behaviours. Plasma cortisol was higher in Blackface than Suffolk ewes in the last days of pregnancy but rose in both breeds over the last 24 h before parturition and did not differ at delivery. Cortisol peripartum was negatively related to individual differences in maternal affiliative behaviours. These data suggest that estradiol, and potentially cortisol, may mediate individual differences in maternal behaviour in sheep.
In order to establish a fast screening method for the determination of the CYP2D6 metabolic phenotype a sensitive LC-MS/MS assay to quantify dextromethorphan (DEX) and its O-demethylated metabolite dextrorphan (DOR) in human saliva was developed with limits of quantitation of 1 pmol/ml. Saliva was provided by 170 medical students 2h after oral ingestion of 30 mg (81 micromol) dextromethorphan hydrobromide. Individual ratios of the concentrations DEX/DOR (metabolic ratio, MR(DEX/DOR)) varied more than 25,000-fold (0.03-780). Two groups comprising 156 'Extensive' and 14 'Poor Metabolizers' were clearly distinguished. For the investigation of individual differences in N-demethylation and glucuronidation, four additional metabolites of DEX, 3-methoxymorphinan (MOM), 3-hydroxymorphinan (HOM), and the two O-glucuronides (DORGlu and HOMGlu) were measured by LC-MS/MS analysis of 6-h urine of 24 volunteers. The N-demethylation reactions DEX-to-MOM and DOR-to-HOM defined by the respective MR were significantly correlated. The same holds for the glucuronidation pathways (MR(DOR/DORGlu) versus MR(HOM/HOMGlu)). The three poor CYP2D6 metabolizers excreted relatively high amounts of the parent compound DEX (up to 7 micromol), but only low amounts of glucuronides (DORGlu: 0.4-1.0 micromol; HOMGlu: 0.2-0.7 micromol). For the 21 'Extensive Metabolizers', the two glucuronides were the most abundant, with relatively little interindividual variation (DORGlu: 10-44 micromol; HOMGlu: 5-17 micromol). For the excretion of the glucuronides, two normal distributions provided the best fit, indicating that the determination of the glucuronides alone could allow assignment of the CYP2D6 metabolic phenotype.
Administration of fluvoxamine with concomitant benzodiazepines is common in clinical situations. This study investigated the effects of the coadministration of fluvoxamine on plasma concentrations of etizolam and evaluated the effects of various fluvoxamine doses on drug interactions with etizolam. Subjects were 18 Japanese outpatients concomitantly treated with fluvoxamine before or after monotherapy with etizolam. Plasma concentrations of etizolam were measured using a column-switching high-performance liquid chromatographic method with ultraviolet detection. In 17 subjects treated concomitantly with fluvoxamine at 25 mg or 50 mg, the ranges of plasma concentrations of etizolam corrected for the dose increased from 2.0-13.3 (mean 6.3 +/- 3.6, n = 17) in monotherapy to 2.7-18.2 (mean 9.6 +/- 5.1, n = 17) ng/mL/mg in concomitant doses. Wide variations were observed in the drug interactions; however, coadministration with fluvoxamine produced significant changes in the plasma concentrations of etizolam (P < 0.0001) with a median of 42.9% (range 0.0 to 235.0%). Although the sleepiness of the subjects was evaluated using the Stanford Sleepiness Scale, no changes in sleepiness were found between the etizolam-monotherapy and the fluvoxamine-concomitant states. Of the 12 subjects treated concomitantly with fluvoxamine at 25 mg, 2 subjects received fluvoxamine at a dose increased up to 150 mg, and another received fluvoxamine at a dose increased up to 200 mg. They showed an increase in the plasma concentrations of etizolam in a fluvoxamine dose-dependent manner; more particularly, the increased dose of fluvoxamine (150 mg and 200 mg) resulted in about a twofold variation in plasma concentrations of etizolam.
Phthalates are a family of multifunctional chemicals widely used in personal care and other consumer products. The ubiquitous use of phthalates results in human exposure through multiple sources and routes, including dietary ingestion, dermal absorption, inhalation, and parenteral exposure from medical devices containing phthalates. We explored the temporal variability over 3 months in urinary phthalate metabolite levels among 11 men who collected up to nine urine samples each during this time period. Eight phthalate metabolites were measured by solid-phase extraction-high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Statistical analyses were performed to determine the between- and within-subject variance apportionment, and the sensitivity and specificity of a single urine sample to classify a subject's 3-month average exposure. Five of the eight phthalates were frequently detected. Monoethyl phthalate (MEP) was detected in 100% of samples; monobutyl phthalate, monobenzyl phthalate, mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP), and monomethyl phthalate were detected in > 90% of samples. Although we found both substantial day-to-day and month-to-month variability in each individual's urinary phthalate metabolite levels, a single urine sample was moderately predictive of each subject's exposure over 3 months. The sensitivities ranged from 0.56 to 0.74. Both the degree of between- and within-subject variance and the predictive ability of a single urine sample differed among phthalate metabolites. In particular, a single urine sample was most predictive for MEP and least predictive for MEHP. These results suggest that the most efficient exposure assessment strategy for a particular study may depend on the phthalates of interest.
We report two novel APOB mutations causing short apolipoprotein B (apoB) truncations undetectable in plasma and familial hypobetalipoproteinemia (FHBL). In Family 56, a 5 bp deletion in APOB exon 7 (870_874del5) causes a frame shift, converting tyrosine to a stop codon (Y220X) and producing an apoB-5 truncation. In Family 59, a point mutation (1941G>T) in APOB exon 13 converts glutamic acid to stop codon (E578X), specifying apoB-13. A recurrent mutation in exon 26 (4432delT) produces apoB-30.9 in Family 58. In some members of these families, we observed that plasma low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and apoB levels were unusually low even for subjects heterozygous for FHBL. To ascertain whether genetic variations in apolipoprotein E (apoE) would explain some of the variations of apoB and LDL cholesterol levels, apoE genotypes were assessed in affected subjects from a total of eight FHBL families with short apoB truncations. Heterozygous FHBL with the epsilon3/epsilon4 genotype had 10-1 5mg/dL higher plasma LDL cholesterol and apoB levels compared to subjects with the epsilon2/epsilon3 and epsilon3/epsilon3 genotypes. The apoE genotype has been reported to account for approximately 10% of the variation of LDL cholesterol in the general population. It accounted for 15-60% of the variability of plasma LDL cholesterol or apoB levels in our FHBL subjects. The physiologic bases for the greater effects of apoE in FHBL remain to be determined.
We used stable isotopes of C in breath, blood, feces and feathers to identify intra-individual changes in diet and the timescale of diet changes in free-living songbirds at a stopover site. Because accurate interpretation of differences between the delta13C of breath, plasma, and red blood cells (RBCs) relative to diet requires knowing the turnover rate of C within them, we determined the rate of change of C in breath, plasma and RBCs for yellow-rumped warblers (Dendroica coronata). Half-lives of C in breath, plasma, and RBCs were 4.4+/-2.1 h, 24.8+/-12.3 h and 10.9+/-3.2 days, respectively, for yellow-rumped warblers. delta13C of breath, plasma, RBCs and feces from wild-caught golden-crowned kinglets (Regulus satrapa), ruby-crowned kinglets (R. calendula) and gray catbirds (Dumetella carolinensis) indicated that they had maintained an isotopically consistent diet for an extended period of time. However, delta13C of breath and plasma indicated that white-throated sparrows (Zonotrichia albicollis) had recently expanded their diet to include a C4 dietary component. Likewise, delta13C of breath, plasma, RBCs and feces indicated that some wild-caught yellow-rumped warblers had consumed foods with a more enriched protein signature prior to their arrival on Block Island, and since arrival, they had consumed mostly northern bayberry (Myrica pensylvanica). Therefore, comparisons of the delta13C of breath, plasma, RBCs, feces and feathers from individual songbirds can indicate changes in diet and provide an estimate of the timescale of the diet change.
The longitudinal NHEXAS-Maryland study measured metals, PAHs, and pesticides in several media to capture temporal variability. Questionnaires were concurrently administered to identify factors that influenced changes in contaminant levels over time. We constructed mixed-effects regression models for lead, phenanthrene, and chlorpyrifos (including metabolites) in indoor air, dust, dermal wipes, and biological fluids. Significant predictors represented time-varying activities as well as unchanging housing and demographic factors. There was little overlap among the models, with predictors generally reflecting the diverse characteristics of the target compounds. We estimated between- and within-person variance components to evaluate the reliability of the measurements. While only one measurement of lead in blood or chlopyrifos in dust was needed for a dependable estimate of an individual's average level, three to eight measurements were needed for most other compound/exposure medium combinations because of considerable temporal variability. Measurements in biological fluids and dust were generally more consistent than those in indoor air. The significant covariates in the full models preferentially reduced the between-person variance component. Since the regression models explained only 1-37% of the within-person variance, the questionnaires in this study provided only modest insight into the factors responsible for the temporal variability in the contaminant levels.
BACKGROUND: Protein expression profiling for differences indicative of early cancer has promise for improving diagnostics. This report describes the first stage of a National Cancer Institute/Early Detection Research Network-sponsored multiinstitutional evaluation and validation of this approach for detection of prostate cancer. METHODS: Two sequential experimental phases were conducted to establish interlaboratory calibration and standardization of the surface-enhanced laser desorption (SELDI) instrumental and assay platform output. We first established whether the output from multiple calibrated Protein Biosystem II SELDI-ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (TOF-MS) instruments demonstrated acceptable interlaboratory reproducibility. This was determined by measuring mass accuracy, resolution, signal-to-noise ratio, and normalized intensity of three m/z "peaks" present in a standard pooled serum sample. We next evaluated the ability of the calibrated and standardized instrumentation to accurately differentiate between selected cases of prostate cancer and control by use of an algorithm developed from data derived from a single site 2 years earlier. RESULTS: When the described standard operating procedures were established at all laboratory sites, the across-laboratory measurements revealed a CV for mass accuracy of 0.1%, signal-to-noise ratio of approximately 40%, and normalized intensity of 15-36% for the three pooled serum peaks. This was comparable to the intralaboratory measurements of the same peaks. The instrument systems were then challenged with sera from a selected group of 14 cases and 14 controls. The classification agreement between each site and the established decision algorithm were examined by use of both raw peak intensity boosting and ranked peak intensity boosting. All six sites achieved perfect blinded classification for all samples when boosted alignment of raw intensities was used. Four of six sites achieved perfect blinded classification with ranked intensities, with one site passing the criteria of 26 of 28 correct and one site failing with 19 of 28 correct. CONCLUSIONS: These results demonstrate that "between-laboratory" reproducibility of SELDI-TOF-MS serum profiling approaches that of "within-laboratory" reproducibility as determined by measuring discrete m/z peaks over time and across laboratories. 
AIM: Although the quality of currently available urinary tests for detecting antibody to Helicobacter pylori (H pylori) have been proved in some populations, the accuracy has not been studied regarding patients who suffer from pulmonary tuberculosis with multi-drug treatments. The present study was conducted to evaluate the accuracy of these urinary tests for antibody to H pylori in these patients. METHODS: Serum samples from 61 inpatients with pulmonary tuberculosis were tested using enzyme immunoassay, and urine samples were assayed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay method (URINELISA) and immunochromatography method (RAPIRAN). Medicines prescribed to the patients were recorded for medical charts, to evaluate the influences on the results of urinary tests. RESULTS: The sensitivity, specificity, and consistency of URINELISA against the serum test were 93.1%, 65.6%, and 78.6% respectively, and those of RAPIRAN were 86.2%, 93.7%, and 90.1% respectively, which were almost equal to the data previously reported. Prescribed medicines had little influence on the results. CONCLUSION: The two urinary tests for detecting H pylori antibody have a diagnostic accuracy in patients with pulmonary tuberculosis given multiple anti-tuberculosis drugs. 
BACKGROUND: Our aim was to compare the intercycle reproducibility of serum anti-Mullerian hormone (AMH) measurements with that of other markers of ovarian follicular status. METHODS: Forty-seven normo-ovulatory, infertile women underwent serum AMH, inhibin B, estradiol and FSH measurements and early antral follicle (2-12 mm in diameter) counts by transvaginal ultrasound on cycle day 3 during three consecutive menstrual cycles. Reproducibility of measurements was estimated using intra-class correlation coefficient (ICC) calculation. We also assessed the number of replicate measurements theoretically needed to reach satisfactory reliability of results. RESULTS: Serum AMH showed significantly higher reproducibility (ICC, 0.89; 95% confidence interval, 0.83-0.94) than inhibin B (0.76; 0.66-0.86; P < 0.03), estradiol (0.22; 0.03-0.41; P < 0.0001) and FSH levels (0.55; 0.39-0.71; P < 0.01), and early antral follicle counts (0.73; 0.62-0.84; P < 0.001), and reached satisfactory reliability with a single measurement. CONCLUSIONS: The improved cycle-to-cycle consistency of AMH as compared with other markers of ovarian follicular status is in keeping with its peculiar production by follicles at several developmental stages and further supports its role as a cost-effective, reliable marker of ovarian fertility potential. 
AIM: The aim of this study was to compare the efficacy and safety of a basal-bolus insulin regimen comprising either insulin detemir or neural protamine hagedorn (NPH) insulin in combination with mealtime insulin aspart in patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: This was a 26-week, multinational, open-label, parallel group trial with 505 patients with type 2 diabetes (mean age, 60.4 +/- 8.6 years; mean BMI, 30.4 +/- 5.3 kg/m(2); mean HbA(1c), 7.9 +/- 1.3%). Patients, randomized 2:1 to insulin detemir or NPH insulin, received basal insulin either once or twice daily according to their pretrial insulin treatment and insulin aspart at mealtimes. RESULTS: After 26 weeks of treatment, significant reductions in HbA(1c) were observed for insulin detemir (0.2%-points, p = 0.004) and NPH insulin (0.4%-points; p = 0.0001); HbA(1c) levels were comparable at study end (insulin detemir, 7.6%; NPH insulin, 7.5%). The number of basal insulin injections administered per day had no effect on HbA(1c) levels (p = 0.50). Nine-point self-measured blood glucose (SMBG) profiles were similar for the two treatment groups (p = 0.58), as were reductions in fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (insulin detemir, 0.5 mmol/l; NPH insulin, 0.6 mmol/l). At study end, FPG concentrations were similar for the two treatment groups (p = 0.66). By contrast, within-subject day-to-day variation in fasting SMBG was significantly lower with insulin detemir (p = 0.021). Moreover, patients receiving insulin detemir gained significantly less body weight than those who were administered NPH insulin (1.0 and 1.8 kg, respectively, p = 0.017). The frequency of adverse events and the risk of hypoglycaemia were comparable for the two treatment groups. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with type 2 diabetes, treated for 26 weeks with insulin detemir plus insulin aspart at mealtimes, experienced comparable glycaemic control but significantly lower within-subject variability and less weight gain compared to patients treated with NPH insulin and insulin aspart. Insulin detemir was well tolerated and had a similar safety profile to NPH insulin. 
In general, applications of metabonomics using biofluid NMR spectroscopic analysis for probing abnormal biochemical profiles in disease or due to toxicity have all relied on the use of chemometric techniques for sample classification. However, the well-known variability of some chemical shifts in 1H NMR spectra of biofluids due to environmental differences such as pH variation, when coupled with the large number of variables in such spectra, has led to the situation where it is necessary to reduce the size of the spectra or to attempt to align the shifting peaks, to get more robust and interpretable chemometric models. Here, a new approach that avoids this problem is demonstrated and shows that, moreover, inclusion of variable peak position data can be beneficial and can lead to useful biochemical information. The interpretation of chemometric models using combined back-scaled loading plots and variable weights demonstrates that this peak position variation can be handled successfully and also often provides additional information on the physicochemical variations in metabonomic data sets.
Ellagitannins (ETs) are dietary polyphenols, containing ellagic acid (EA) subunits, with antioxidant and cancer chemopreventive activities that might contribute to health benefits in humans. However, little is known about their metabolic fate. We investigate here the metabolism of different dietary ETs and EA derivatives in humans. Forty healthy volunteers were distributed in four groups. Each group consumed, in a single dose, a different ET-containing foodstuff, i.e., strawberries (250 g), red raspberries (225 g), walnuts (35 g), and oak-aged red wine (300 mL). After the intake, five urine fractions (F) were collected at 8 (F1), 16 (F2), 32 (F3), 40 (F4), and 56 (F5) h. Neither ETs nor EA were detected in urine after LC-MS/MS analysis. However, the microbial metabolite 3,8-dihydroxy-6H-dibenzo[b,d]pyran-6-one (urolithin B) conjugated with glucuronic acid was detected along the fractions F3-F5 in all of the subjects, independently of the consumed foodstuff. The mean percentage of metabolite excretion ranged from 2.8 (strawberries) to 16.6% (walnuts) regarding the ingested ETs. Considerable interindividual differences were noted, identifying "high and low metabolite excreters" in each group, which supported the involvement of the colonic microflora in ET metabolism. These results indicate that urolithin B (a previously described antiangiogenic and hyaluronidase inhibitor compound) is a biomarker of human exposure to dietary ETs and may be useful in intervention studies with ET-containing products. The antioxidant and anticarcinogenic effects of dietary ETs and EA should be considered in the gastrointestinal tract whereas the study of potential systemic activities should be focused on the bioavailable urolithin B derivatives.
Cytochrome P450 1A1 (CYP1A1) and 1B1 (CYP1B1) are phase I enzymes, the expression of which can be affected by many environmental compounds, including dioxins and dioxin-like compounds. Because CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 expression can easily be determined in peripheral blood lymphocytes, it is often suggested as biomarker of exposure to these compounds. In this study we investigated the interindividual differences in constitutive and induced CYP1A1-catalyzed ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD) activity and CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 gene expression in human blood lymphocytes in a group of ten non-smoking females. Freshly isolated lymphocytes were cultured in medium containing the mitogen PHA and were exposed to the most potent dioxin, 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) or the less potent dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyl 126 (PCB126). In addition, we determined the occurrence of the CYP1A1 MspI and CYP1B1 Leu432Val polymorphisms. All individuals showed a concentration-dependent increase of EROD activity by TCDD, which was significantly correlated with an increase in CYP1A1, but not CYP1B1 expression. The maximum induced EROD activity by TCDD was very different among the individuals, but the EC50 values were about the same. PCB126 also caused a concentration-dependent increase of EROD activity, but was a factor 100-1000 less potent than TCDD among the individuals. The allele frequencies for CYP1A1 MspI and CYP1B1 Leu432Val reflected a normal Caucasian population and in this study the polymorphisms had no apparent effect on the expression and activity of these enzymes. Our study shows a large interindividual variability in constitutive and induced EROD activity, and CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 expression in human lymphocytes. In addition, dioxin concentrations at which effects were observed in our in vitro study are about 10-fold higher than the human blood levels found in vivo, indicating that EROD activity and CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 expression in human lymphocytes might not be applicable as biomarkers of exposure to dioxin and dioxin-like compounds.
Biomarker discovery and development requires measurement reproducibility studies in addition to case-control studies. Parallel pursuit of reproducibility studies is especially important for emerging technologies such as protein biomarkers based on time-of-flight mass spectrometry, the case considered in this paper. For parallel studies, a way to improve reproducibility prior to identification of protein species is necessary. One approach is use of functional principal components analysis (PCA) as the basis for assessing measurement reproducibility. Reproducibility studies involve repeated measurement of a reference material such as a human serum standard. Measurement in our example is by SELDI-TOF (surface-enhanced laser desorption and ionization time-of-flight) mass spectrometry. Reproducibility is defined in reference to a source of variation, which in our example is associated with a type of commercially available protein biochip. We obtained spectra for 8 spots on each 11 chips. Two spectra are generally more alike when obtained from the same chip rather than different chips. Thus, our experiment indicates potential improvements from reducing variation in chip manufacture and chip handling during measurement. Our analysis involves careful registration of the spectra and characterization of the spectral differences. As shown by our example, a metrological analysis may enhance case-control studies by guiding optimization of the measurements underlying the biomarker.
The correlation between nutrition and cardiovascular related disorders is a well-established fact. Previous work from our Laboratory has suggested a significant compromise of cardiovascular reflexes in conscious rats submitted to a low-protein (LP) diet. Our working hypothesis is that the basal level of mean arterial pressure (MAP), variability of the mean arterial pressure (VMAP), heart rate (HR) and variability of heart rate (VHR) are altered in rats submitted to a protein restricted diet. Two experimental groups were used: control group (normal protein 15%, NP) and malnourished group (low-protein 6%, LP). In order to verify the efficiency of the dietary restriction we measured body weight, total blood protein, plasma albumin, urea and glucose. Our experiments demonstrated that the malnourished rats presented augment levels of basal MAP (LP 122+/-2 mmHg vs. NP 113+/-1 mmHg) and of VMAP (LP 12.8+/-1.5mmHg vs. NP 9+/-1mmHg) when compared to the control group. We observed similar increased levels, in the malnourished group, for both HR (LP 429+/-8 bpm vs. NP 381+/-7bpm) and VHR (LP 67.6+/-8.3bpm vs. NP 44.4+/-4.9bpm). Our results suggest a correlation between the LP diet in Fisher rats and the increased basal levels of mean arterial pressure, HR and their respective variability.
UNLABELLED: Although physical exercise is the preferred stimulus for cardiac stress testing, pharmacologic agents are useful in patients who are unable to exercise. Previous studies have demonstrated short-term repeatability of exercise and adenosine stress, but little data exist regarding dobutamine (Dob) stress or the long-term reproducibility of pharmacologic stressors in coronary artery disease (CAD) patients. PET allows accurate, noninvasive quantification of myocardial blood flow (MBF) and coronary flow reserve (CFR). The aim of the study was to investigate the long-term reproducibility of Dob stress on MBF and CFR in CAD patients using PET. METHODS: Fifteen patients with chronic stable angina and angiographically proven CAD (>70% stenosis in at least 1 major coronary artery) underwent PET with (15)O-labeled water and Dob stress at baseline (time [t] = 0) and after 24 wk (t = 24). MBF at rest and MBF during Dob stress were calculated for the whole left ventricle, the region subtended by the most severe coronary artery stenosis (Isc), and remote myocardium subtended by arteries with minimal or no disease (Rem). Reproducibility was assessed using the Bland-Altman (BA) repeatability coefficient and was also expressed as a percentage of the mean value of the 2 measurements (%BA). RESULTS: Dob dose (30 +/- 11 vs. 031 +/- 11 microg/kg/min; P = not significant [ns]) and peak Dob rate.pressure product (20,738 +/- 3,947 vs. 20,047 +/- 3,455 mm Hg x beats/min; P = ns) were comparable at t = 0 and t = 24. There was no significant difference in resting or Dob MBF (mL/min/g) between t = 0 and t = 24 for the whole left ventricle (1.03 +/- 0.19 vs. 1.10 +/- 0.20 and 2.02 +/- 0.44 vs. 2.09 +/- 0.57; P = ns for both), Isc (1.05 +/- 0.24 vs. 1.10 +/- 0.26 and 1.79 +/- 0.53 vs. 1.84 +/- 0.62; P = ns for both), or Rem (1.03 +/- 0.23 vs. 1.10 +/- 0.26 and 2.27 +/- 0.63 vs. 2.26 +/- 0.63; P = ns for both) territories. Global (1.98 +/- 0.40 vs. 1.90 +/- 0.46; P = ns) and regional CFR (Isc: 1.65 +/- 0.40 vs. 1.67 +/- 0.47, and Rem: 2.25 +/- 0.57 vs. 2.06 +/- 0.51; P = ns) were reproducible. The BA repeatability coefficients (and %BA) for MBF in ischemic and remote territories were 0.3 (28%) and 0.26 (24%) at rest and 0.49 (27%) and 0.58 (26%) during Dob stress. CONCLUSION: In patients with clinically stable CAD, Dob induces reproducible changes in both global and regional MBF and CFR over a time interval of 24 wk. The reproducibility of MBF and CFR with Dob was comparable with the short-term repeatability reported for adenosine and physical exercise in healthy subjects. 
Cerebral blood flow (CBF) volume can be measured quantitatively by colour duplex sonography. To test the reliability of CBF volume measurements in newborns, two "blinded" examiners performed a prospective test-retest study in 32 neonates (postmenstrual age 32 to 42 weeks). Measurements were done in the internal carotid and vertebral arteries. Intravascular flow volumes (FV) were calculated as the product of angle-corrected time-averaged flow velocity and the cross-sectional area of the vessel. The CBF volumes measured by the two examiners were very close (mean +/- SD, 62.6 +/- 20.6 vs. 62.1 +/- 21.2 mL/min, NS; coefficient of variation, 6.3%; intraclass correlation coefficient, 0.98). The 95% limits of agreement, according to Bland and Altman, ranged from -7.3 to +8.4 mL/min. In comparison with other test-retest studies, the reproducibility of quantitative CBF measurements reported here is among the best ever found. We conclude that CBF volume can be measured reliably even in preterm neonates.
Proteomic profiling of serum initially appeared to be dramatically effective for diagnosis of early-stage ovarian cancer, but these results have proven difficult to reproduce. A recent publication reported good classification in one dataset using results from training on a much earlier dataset, but the authors have since reported that they did not perform the analysis as described. We examined the reproducibility of the proteomic patterns across datasets in more detail. Our analysis reveals that the pattern that enabled successful classification is biologically implausible and that the method, properly applied, does not classify the data accurately. We show that the method used in previously published studies does not establish reproducibility and performs no better than chance for classifying the second dataset, in part because the second dataset is easy to classify correctly. We conclude that the reproducibility of the proteomic profiling approach has yet to be established.
OBJECTIVES: We sought to evaluate intraindividually 3 different preparation protocols for achieving improved opacification and anatomic depiction of the upper urinary tract in multisclice computed tomography urography (MSCTU) using a porcine model. MATERIAL AND METHODS: MSCTU was performed in 8 healthy pigs. Each animal underwent 3 MSCT urographies using 3 different preparations before the injection of contrast material: A, intravenous (iv) saline (250 mL); B, iv low-dose furosemide (0.1 mg/kg); and C, iv saline (250 mL) plus iv low-dose furosemide (0.1 mg/kg). Image analysis was performed blinded to the applied protocols and included the evaluation of the opacification and anatomic depiction of the upper urinary tract by means of graded scales. Ureteral distension was determined and density was measured within the collecting system. RESULTS: Furosemide significantly improved both mean opacification scores and mean scores of anatomic depiction compared with the exclusive infusion of saline for MSCTU. There was no significant difference between the application of furosemide and the combination of furosemide plus saline. A significant increase of 25-26% for ureteral distension was found when furosemide was applied. Significant lower mean attenuation values (Hounsfield units) and standard deviation were found within the opacified urine for diuretic-enhanced MSCTU. CONCLUSIONS: Low-dose furosemide injection is superior to saline infusion for achieving optimal enhancement in MSCTU. It is not necessary to combine furosemide and saline infusion. In MSCTU, low-dose furosemide is a simple add-on simplifying image acquisition timing and removing the need for abdominal compression devices. 
Previous studies have noted that susceptibility to systemic lipopolysaccharide (LPS) exposure seems to differ between individual cows. However, to date inter-individual variation in the response to intravenous injection of LPS has been reported only as an empirical finding, and its existence or extent has never been backed up by statistical analyses. The aim of the present study was therefore to investigate the dose-dependency of clinical, haematological and blood biochemical responses to intravenous LPS injection in dairy cattle and to determine the extent to which these responses differed between individual cows. Eight dairy cows each received three intravenous injections of Escherichia coli LPS (10, 100, and 1000 ng/kg, consecutively) at three-week intervals. All three LPS doses induced clinical, haematological, and blood biochemical responses lasting up to several days. The strength of all of the responses increased significantly with an increasing LPS dose. A statistically significant inter-individual variation was demonstrated for all clinical, haematological, and blood biochemical responses except for serum calcium concentrations. More than half of the statistical variation in white blood cell and thrombocyte counts could be attributed to the individual. The results of this study show that despite the existence of a dose-response relationship between LPS and ensuing clinical, haematological, and blood biochemical responses, the majority of responses to LPS differ significantly in strength and duration from cow to cow.
Cognitive performance is impaired by fatigue arising from sustained wakefulness and alcohol. Three recent papers directly compared the effects of increasing fatigue and blood alcohol concentration (%BAC) to provide a framework for understanding fatigue-related cognitive impairment. While the expression of fatigue-related cognitive impairments in terms of %BAC equivalents is sound, the methodology in each study was flawed in that the statistics used to compare the effects of %BAC and fatigue on cognition did not account for variation between or within each condition. The point estimates of the difference between a baseline and any level of fatigue or %BAC provided no indication of the size of difference that could reasonably be expected by chance. Importantly, all studies showed that variation increased as cognitive performance declined because of both increasing fatigue and %BAC. The current study compared the effect of increasing levels of %BAC and fatigue on the simple reaction task from the CogState test battery on 40 healthy adults using statistical methods that account for intra-individual and within-group variability in performance. After 24 h of sustained wakefulness and with 0.08%BAC, individuals showed maximal cognitive impairment; however, the magnitude of impairment found for fatigue was equivalent only to that observed for 0.05%BAC. Re-analysis of the data using percentage change scores indicated that the magnitude of fatigue-related cognitive impairment was much greater than that detected for 0.08%BAC. This suggests that previous studies that have not accounted for variability in the performance data have overestimated the effect of fatigue on cognitive performance.
The extent, causes, and physiological significance of the variation in number of follicles growing during ovarian follicular waves in human beings and cattle are unknown. Therefore, the present study examined the variability and repeatability in numbers of follicles 3 mm or greater in diameter during the follicular waves in bovine estrous cycles, and we determined if the variation in number of follicles during waves was associated with alterations in secretion of FSH, estradiol, inhibin, and insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I). Dairy cattle were subjected to twice-daily ultrasound analysis to count total number of antral follicles 3 mm or greater in diameter throughout 138 different follicular waves. In another study, blood samples were taken at frequent intervals from cows that consistently had low or very high numbers of follicles during waves and were subjected to immunoassays. Results indicate the following: First, despite an approximately sevenfold variation in number of follicles during waves among animals and marked differences in age, stage of lactation, and season of the year, a very highly repeatable (0.95) number of follicles 3 mm or greater in diameter is maintained during the ovulatory and nonovulatory follicular waves of individuals. Second, variation in number of follicles 3 mm or greater in diameter during waves and the inverse association of number of follicles during waves with FSH are not directly explained by alterations in the patterns of secretion of estradiol, inhibin, or IGF-I. Third, ovarian ultrasound analysis can be used reliably by investigators to identify cattle that consistently have low or high numbers of follicles during waves, thus providing a novel experimental model to determine the causes and physiological significance of the high variation in antral follicle number during follicular waves among single-ovulating species, such as cattle or humans.
OBJECTIVES: Analysis of heart rate variability (HRV) is useful for measuring cardiovascular autonomic function. The effects of blood metals on cardiovascular autonomic function have not been studied extensively. The objective of the present study was to determine the association between the concentrations of blood metals, including toxic and essential trace elements, and cardiovascular autonomic function, based on HRV, in subjects without clinical cardiovascular diseases. METHODS: The subjects were public officials and their family members (n = 331) in a district of Seoul, Republic of Korea. Age, height, weight, smoking habits, medical history, blood pressure, electrocardiogram (ECG) recording, and chest X-ray were assessed by means of a self-administered questionnaire and medical examination. Blood metal concentrations (blood Pb, As, and Cd; serum Al, Co, Cu, and Zn) were measured by inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry. HRV parameters (low frequency, LF; high frequency, HF; total power spectrum, TPS) were measured with LRR-03 and MemCalc software (GMS, Japan). RESULTS: The concentrations of each of the blood metals were almost within normal ranges. Age and heart rate were negatively associated with LF, HF, and TPS (P< 0.01). Whole-blood Cd concentrations were negatively associated with LF (P< 0.01) and HF (P< 0.05). Serum Zn concentrations were positively associated with LF and TPS (P< 0.01). CONCLUSION: Our study suggests that levels of blood metals even within normal ranges may affect heart rate variability. 
Chronic sleep deprivation is associated with cardiovascular events. In addition, autonomic activity determined from the levels of the heart rate variability (HRV), plasma catecholamine, and intracellular magnesium (Mg) are important in the pathophysiology of cardiovascular events. This study therefore aimed to determine the effects of chronic sleep deprivation on autonomic activity by examining the HRV, plasma catecholamine, and intracellular magnesium levels. Thirty (30) healthy male college students ranging in age from 20 to 24 years of age (average 22 +/- 1 years; mean +/- SD) with no coronary risk factors such as hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia or a family history of premature coronary artery disease (CAD) were included in the study. Over a 4-week period, the volunteers' plasma levels of epinephrine, norepinephrine, and erythrocyte-Mg were measured. The study was made during the 4 weeks before and immediately after college finals exams. HRV, obtained from 24-hour ambulatory ECG monitoring, included time and frequency domain indices. The HRV indices and erythrocyte-Mg decreased while norepinephrine increased during chronic sleep deprivation. It is concluded that chronic sleep deprivation causes an autonomic imbalance and decreases intracellular Mg, which could be associated with chronic sleep deprivation-induced cardiovascular events.
Serum levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin 6 (IL-6), and soluble interleukin 6 receptor (sIL-6R) have been studied as risk factors of cardiovascular disease in longitudinal studies. However, it is unknown about their long-term intra-individual variations and whether single measurements of these cytokines and receptor are reliable biomarkers in epidemiological studies. In this study, serum levels of TNF-alpha, IL-6, and sIL-6R were assayed by ELISAs in 36 young, healthy women from whom three blood samples were collected at 12-month intervals over 2 years, and the intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) were estimated. The ICC of 0.73 (95% CI=0.49-0.79) for TNF-alpha was comparable to those of other commonly used biomarkers, justifying its use in epidemiological studies. The ICC of 0.48 (95% CI=0.25-0.58) for IL-6 was not optimal. However, IL-6 has been demonstrated as a consistent risk factor for cardiovascular disease, suggesting it could still be a useful biomarker if its disease association is substantial. The ICC of 0.36 (95% CI=0.10-0.47) for sIL-6R was relatively low, and multiple samples would need to be collected in prospective studies for this receptor.
BACKGROUND: Two assays--isolated peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) and a whole blood assay (WBA)--are commonly used to study TNF-alpha production by an individual in order to distinguish between high and low cytokine producers. We assessed the reliability and reproducibility of these assays. METHODS: The PBMC assays (n=5) were performed weekly over a period of 6 weeks and the WBAs (n=4) weekly over a 4-week period. Polymethylmethacrylate particles (approx. 6 x 10(2) particles/cell) and optimal concentrations of endotoxin (6.25 and 12.5 ng/ml) were used as the stimulatory agents in PBMC and WBAs, respectively. TNF-alpha production was measured by ELISA. RESULTS: There was a high degree of both intra- and inter-individual variability of TNF-alpha secretion, with unpredictable changes in the amount of the cytokine produced by cells from the same donor. This variability could not be eliminated by correcting for cell numbers. CONCLUSION: The PBMC and WBA models of TNF-alpha production by human peripheral blood cells cannot be used for the evaluation of inter-individual variability in cytokine secretion due to the high intra-individual variability observed. In the case of PBMC this is partly due to differences in the confluency of the cells between individuals. 
OBJECTIVES: To investigate intraindividual total and percent free serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA) in prostate cancer suspects and to understand the clinical implications. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Total and percent free PSA were measured using Tandem-R or chemiluminescent enzyme-linked immunoassay for a median of three times in 126 men. Prostate biopsies were performed in all patients; benign prostatic hyperplasia was diagnosed in 81 patients and prostate cancer in 45 patients. RESULTS: The overall mean coefficients of variation for total and percent free PSA were 16.10 +/- 11.94% and 15.45 +/- 15.91%, respectively. A significant correlation (p = 0.0056) was observed between the two variations. The variations in total and percent free PSA were related to none of such stratifications as baseline total PSA level, histology, age, or measurement interval, but for measurement interval on that for total PSA. CONCLUSION: Intraindividual variation in serum PSA should be considered in decision-making about performing prostate biopsies. Also, care should be taken in interpreting repeated percent free PSA measurements in order to enhance the specificity of total PSA, because it had a similar variation to total PSA variation. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine the reliability of plasma electrophoresis (EPH) in psittacine birds. ANIMALS: 93 psittacine birds. PROCEDURE: Jugular venipuncture was performed on 93 awake psittacine birds. The plasma was centrifuged, separated, aliquoted into duplicate samples, frozen, and sent to 2 commercial laboratories that routinely perform avian EPH. Samples from 51 birds were sent to laboratory A, and samples from 42 birds were sent to laboratory B. The reliability of EPH results within each laboratory was assessed, but not between laboratories. To determine the reliability (agreement between duplicate samples) of total protein, albumin, prealbumin, alpha1-, alpha2-, beta-, and gamma-globulin concentrations, the intraclass correlation coefficient (r(i)) was calculated. RESULTS: Both laboratories had excellent agreement between samples for measurement of total protein concentration and only good agreement for albumin concentration. Except for the prealbumin concentration measured at laboratory B, both laboratories had poor agreement for all other values of the EPH. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: These data indicate that plasma EPH for measuring prealbumin, alpha1-, alpha2-, beta-, and gamma-globulin concentrations may not be a reliable tool for assessing avian health. Small amounts of these proteins in birds plus human variation in reading the EPH curves may lead to variable results. Avian veterinarians should cautiously interpret results from plasma EPH assays for these protein fractions. 
PURPOSE: This study was undertaken to examine the disposition of COL-3, a chemically modified tetracycline, in order to elucidate its major route of elimination as one possible source of the variability in pharmacokinetics of COL-3 in vivo. METHODS: The disposition profile of COL-3 in vivo was assessed by examining the urinary and fecal excretion of the unchanged drug and/or its metabolites in rats after single intravenous and oral administration. The biliary excretion of COL-3 administered orally in bile duct-cannulated rats was also examined. In addition, plasma protein binding and cytochromes P450-mediated metabolism were explored along with erythrocyte partitioning in vivo. Furthermore, transport of COL-3 across Caco-2 monolayers was performed to elucidate the mechanism of intestinal excretion of COL-3 in vivo. RESULTS: COL-3 was extensively bound to plasma protein in rat (98%) and human plasma (95%). The affinity of rat blood cells for COL-3, as measured by the ratio of drug concentration in blood cells to that unbound in plasma, was about 36. Of the single intravenous and oral doses, less than 0.2% and 0.03% were excreted unchanged in rat urine, respectively; while 32.1 +/- 9.9% and 38.8 +/- 6.1% were recovered unchanged in rat feces, respectively, within 48 h postdosing. Of the oral dose, 1.36 +/- 0.66% and 2.97 +/- 0.88% were excreted in rat bile as the unchanged COL-3 and the total of COL-3 and its glucuronide conjugate, respectively, within 24 h after dosing. COL-3 had insignificant cytochrome P450-mediated metabolism but underwent phase II metabolism (i.e., glucuronidation) in a minor quantity. COL-3 was not a substrate of P-glycoprotein. Its transport across Caco-2 monolayers was significantly affected by protein binding and pH. CONCLUSIONS: Intestinal excretion, a route different from biliary excretion, is the major route of elimination for COL-3 in rats. Variability in intestinal excretion, due to extreme variable intestinal contents (food and digestive fluids), could be one source of variability in COL-3 pharmacokinetics in vivo in addition to the dissolution rate-limited absorption. 
The predominant technique used to draw blood for laboratory testing is a conventional straight needle attached to an evacuated tube system. However, alternative tools might be advantageous in exceptional circumstances. The use of butterfly devices has been traditionally discouraged for reasons of costs and due to the high risk of obtaining unsuitable samples, but there is no convincing evidence to support the latter indication. The purpose of this study was to compare results of hematological and clinical chemistry testing, after drawing blood into evacuated tubes, employing either a traditional 21-gauge straight needle or a 21-gauge butterfly device with 300-mm-grade polyvinyl chloride tubing. Blood samples and complete sets of data were successfully obtained for 30 consecutive outpatients. Of the 43 hematological and clinical chemistry parameters measured, means for paired samples collected by the two alternative drawing techniques did not differ significantly, except for serum sodium, white blood cells and platelets counts. Bland-Altman plots and limits-of-agreement analysis showed mean bias of between -7.2% and 1.7% and relative coefficients of variation ranging from 0.2% to 21.2%. The 95% agreement interval in the set of differences was acceptable and was mostly within the current analytical quality specifications for desirable bias. The rate of hemolysis in plasma was not statistically different between the two collection techniques. Taken together, the results of the present investigation suggest that, when a proper technique is used and within certain limitations, the butterfly device may be a reliable alternative to the conventional straight needle to draw blood for laboratory testing.
The Diabetes Complications and Control Trial (DCCT) established glycosylated hemoglobin (A1C) as the gold standard of glycemic control, with levels </=7% deemed appropriate for reducing the risk of vascular complications. Yet, even when A1Cs were comparable between intensively treated subjects and their conventionally treated counterparts, the latter group experienced a markedly higher risk of progression to retinopathy over time. Our speculative explanation, based on the discovery that hyperglycemia-induced oxidative stress is the chief underlying mechanism of glucose-mediated vascular damage, was that glycemic excursions were of greater frequency and magnitude among conventionally treated patients, who received fewer insulin injections. Subsequent studies correlating the magnitude of oxidative stress with fluctuating levels of glycemia support the hypothesis that glucose variability, considered in combination with A1C, may be a more reliable indicator of blood glucose control and the risk for long-term complications than mean A1C alone.
PURPOSE: New magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) methods can provide high spatial resolution images of the coronary artery wall, and statistically significant differences in coronary vessel wall thickness between atherosclerotic disease patients and control subjects have been shown. The aim of this study is to assess inter-study reproducibility (i.e., repeatability) of the cross-sectional 2D coronary vessel wall MRI using a black-blood technique. METHODS AND RESULTS: Twelve healthy adult subjects were studied with the use of a commercial 1.5 T CMR system. A double inversion recovery fast spin-echo (FSE) sequence (black blood) was used. Each subject was scanned twice on different days. The mean RCA lumen area difference between study 1 and study 2 was 0.004 mm2, and the coefficient of repeatability (COR) was +/- 0.06 mm2. The mean RCA wall thickness difference between study 1 and study 2 was 0.02 mm, and the COR was +/-0.39 mm. CONCLUSION: Cross-sectional coronary vessel wall imaging with 2D double-IR FSE is highly reproducible for serial evaluation of coronary vessel walls and atherosclerotic coronary artery disease. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine the accuracy of reporting of self-monitored blood glucose in pregnant women with diabetes. DESIGN: A descriptive study. Patient-recorded logs of self-monitored blood glucose values were compared to meter memory values. SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: A convenience sample of 85 pregnant women with pregestational and gestational diabetes enrolled in a perinatal diabetes program in an urban teaching hospital. RESULTS: Accuracy significantly differed by diabetes type (p = .015). Women with type 1 diabetes did not accurately record on average 36.7% of blood glucose values as compared to 8.5% of type 2, 21.2% of GDMA(1) (gestational diabetes mellitus, diet controlled), and 23.4% of GDMA(2) (gestational diabetes mellitus, insulin controlled). Age positively affected accuracy, but accuracy was not affected by marital status, educational background, or duration of diabetes. Statistical significance was shown between values from women with private health insurance and women with Medicaid. Eighty percent of the sample overreported by adding phantom values in the logbook, which did not differ by diabetes type. Approximately 70% underreported by not logging values in the meter memory that was statistically significant by diabetes type. CONCLUSION: Assessment of the reliability of self-monitored blood glucose results from pregnant women with diabetes is recommended owing to a significant degree of falsification. 
BACKGROUND: Many environmental factors influence the concentration of total serum IgE (tIgE); however, tIgE synthesis is believed to be under strong genetic influence. Multiple genetic studies on tIgE regulation have been performed. For these population-based studies tIgE was commonly determined at one time-point, assuming that tIgE phenotypes (adjusted for age and gender) are stable over time. OBJECTIVE: We assessed correlations of tIgE levels from birth to the age of 10 years in the birth cohort MAS (Multicenter Allergy Study; n=1314). MATERIALS AND METHODS: We determined cord-blood IgE levels, total and specific IgE at the age of 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, and 10 years. Spearman correlation coefficients were calculated for tIgE at different time-points. All analyses were performed in the entire cohort, adjusted for gender, as well as in non-atopic children only. RESULTS: tIgE percentiles increased steadily from birth to the age of 10 years with higher values for boys than for girls at each time-point. tIgE values from birth to 3 years of age correlated poorly with tIgE levels at 10 years (r<0.5). However, good correlations (r>0.8) were observed for tIgE concentrations at 6, 7 and 10 years. The same results were observed when the analyses were limited to non-atopic children. CONCLUSION: In childhood, tIgE levels underlie remarkable variation over time even in the absence of atopy. For cross-sectional population-based genetic and epidemiologic studies, tIgE values of children <5 years should be interpreted with caution since these values correlate poorly with tIgE levels later in life. 
BACKGROUND: The burden of proteinases from inflammatory cells in the lung of subjects with type Pi ZZ of alpha-1-antitrypsin deficiency is higher than in those without the deficiency. Cross-sectional studies have shown increased levels of biomarkers of extracellular matrix degradation in vivo. Longitudinal variability of these biomarkers is unknown but desirable for clinical studies with proteinase inhibitors. METHODS: We measured three different types of biomarkers, including desmosines, elastase-formed fibrinogen fragments and heparan sulfate epitope JM403, in plasma and urine for a period of 7 weeks in a group of 12 patients who participated in a placebo-controlled study to assess the safety of a single inhalation of hyaluronic acid. RESULTS: Effect of study medication on any of the biomarkers was not seen. Baseline desmosines in plasma and urine correlated with baseline CO diffusion capacity (R = 0.81, p = 0.01 and R = 0.65, p = 0.05). Mean coefficient of variation within patients (CVi) for plasma and urine desmosines was 18.7 to 13.5%, respectively. Change in urinary desmosine levels correlated significantly with change in plasma desmosine levels (R = 0.84, p < 0.01). Mean CVi for fibrinogen fragments in plasma was 20.5% and for JM403 in urine was 27.8%. No correlations were found between fibrinogen fragments or JM403 epitope and desmosines. CONCLUSION: We found acceptable variability in our study parameters, indicating the feasibility of their use in an evaluation of biochemical efficacy of alpha-1-antitrypsin augmentation therapy in Pi Z subjects. 
PURPOSE: To assess the validity and the direct, short-term, and long-term reproducibility of renal blood flow (RBF) measurements with phase-contrast (PC) magnetic resonance (MR) imaging. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In 20 healthy volunteers, RBF measurements were repeated with and without repositioning. Internal validity was assessed by comparing the total RBF with the difference in aortic flow above and below the renal arteries. In 19 healthy volunteers, RBF measurements were performed at two different occasions. In 40 healthy volunteers, RBF measurements were performed to assess normal values as a function of age. Analyses were performed according to Bland and Altman. RESULTS: The technical success rate ranged from 78% to 85%. Total RBF and the difference in aortic flow rates showed good agreement (Pearson correlation coefficient, 0.72; P = .002). Directly repeated measurements had a mean difference of 54 mL/min in total RBF with a coefficient of variation (CV) of 17%. For repeated measurements with repositioning, the mean difference in total RBF was 74 mL/min (CV, 23%). Repeated measurements on different occasions showed a CV of 20%. The mean total RBF of the 40 healthy volunteers was 838 mL/min +/- 244 (SD). CONCLUSIONS: RBF measurement with PC MR has a success rate greater than 75%. The demonstrated internal reliability of this method and fair reproducibility of the flow parameters is crucial for further studies of the renal artery with MR imaging. 
BACKGROUND: The degree of variability in prostate-specific antigen (PSA) measurements is important for interpreting test results in screening programs, and particularly for interpreting the significance of changes between repeated tests. This study aimed to determine the long-term intra-individual variation for PSA in healthy men. METHODS: A randomly selected cohort of men in a biennial prostate cancer screening program (ERSPC) conducted in Sweden from 1995-1996 to 2001-2002. We studied men who had total PSA (tPSA) levels < 2.0 ng/ml in 2001-2002. This included 791 men with tPSA < or = 0.61 ng/ml (group A), 1,542 men with tPSA < or = 0.99 ng/ml (group B), and 1,029 men with tPSA 1.00-1.99 ng/ml (group C). The intra-individual variability of free PSA (fPSA) and tPSA was assessed by calculating coefficients of variation (CV) for each individual's PSA measurements from the first and second round of screening (1995-1996 and 1997-1998). RESULTS: Intra-individual CV (geometric means) for tPSA were 13.7%, 12.7%, and 11.5% in groups A, B, and C, respectively. Corresponding CVs for fPSA were significantly lower, ranging from 12.1% to 10.4%. The estimated biological variation of tPSA and fPSA in groups A to C were 12.5%, 11.4%, 10.0% and 9.7%, 7.8%, 7.5%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In healthy men with PSA levels less than 2 ng/ml, the natural long-term variability for tPSA was less than 14%, and with 95% probability, a change in tPSA greater than 30% indicates a change beyond normal random variation. 
The objective of the present paper is to describe the extent to which variability in milk yield can be explained by variability in plasma hormones, metabolites and DE intake. Results from a study including 317 cows and 634 lactations were used. Detailed registration of performance was carried out on these cows and 10,809 plasma samples analyzed for selected hormones and metabolites. Univariate analysis was carried out on energy-corrected milk yield and concentrations of selected plasma hormones (insulin, growth hormone (GH) and triiodothyronine (T3)), metabolites (non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA)), glucose, beta-hydroxybutyrate (BOHB) and urea nitrogen (BUN), and digestible energy intake (DE intake) to estimate between-cow variation through lactations. Partial least square (PLS) models were subsequently run to estimate the extent to which between-cow differences in energy-corrected milk yield could be explained by between-cow differences in hormone concentrations, metabolite concentration or DE intake. The between-cow variability in energy-corrected milk yield and the hormones and metabolites were generally found to be considerable and total variance changed through lactation, particularly for GH, T3, NEFA and BOHB. In this study, the total variance was highest in third lactation cows. When analyzed separately using partial least square models, hormones, metabolites and DE intake accounted for 24, 25 and 26% of the variability in ECM, respectively. Insulin and glucose were the single most important predictors among the selected hormones and metabolites. When including both the hormones and metabolites, the model explained 36% of the between-cow variability in ECM and this figure was increased to 53% if DE intake was also included. The lack of additivity in the variability explained shows that hormones, metabolites and DE intake were correlated illustrating the integration and orchestration of metabolism and intake. Perspectives of the analysis for use in prevention of diseases and reproduction are briefly discussed.
Genetic studies have suggested that polymorphisms of genes coding for apolipoproteins are significant determinants of serum lipoprotein and lipid levels in adults. However, only a few studies have investigated the association of these polymorphisms in children. Therefore, in the present investigation we studied the distribution of APOA1 -75 G>A, +83 C>T, APOC3 -482 C>T, -455 T>C and 3238 C>G, and APOA4 Q360H and T347S polymorphisms and their influence on plasma lipoprotein levels in children from a Brazilian northeastern admixed population. The seven polymorphic sites were genotyped in 414 children aged 5 to 15 years (mean 8.9 +/- 2.9). The genotypes of the seven polymorphic sites were assessed by PCR-RFLP methods. The frequencies of the less common alleles were, in general, intermediate among parental populations, as expected. Strong linkage disequilibrium was detected between polymorphisms at the APOA1, APOC3 and APOA4 loci in this admixed population sample. Overall the genotype effects seen in adults were weaker or absent in children. The APOC3/-455 and APOA4 T347S variants showed significant effects on HDL cholesterol in girls (P = 0.033 and P = 0.016, respectively). Significantly higher plasma total (P = 0.003) and LDL cholesterol (P = 0.004) levels were observed in boys who were carriers of the 3238G allele at the APOC3/3238 C>G site. These results disclosed an overall absence of associations between these polymorphisms and lipids in children. This finding is not unexpected because expression of the effect of these polymorphisms might depend on the interaction with environmental variables both internal and external to the individual.
OBJECTIVES: To estimate the distribution of the severity of urinary incontinence (UI) and daytime and night-time voiding in patients with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) suggestive of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH); to estimate the proportion of 'subjectively relevant' symptoms within each severity category; to identify differences in quality of life (QoL) by degree of subjectively relevant daytime and night-time symptoms; and to identify differences in QoL in men with subjectively relevant UI or no UI. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Data from a group of 480 men awaiting urological assessment for LUTS suggestive of BPH were collected by questionnaire shortly after referral from their general practitioner in 1997-2000. The International Continence Society--Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Index, Sandvik's Incontinence Severity Index, and the World Health Organization Quality of Life Survey--Abbreviated Version (WHOQoL-bref) were used to assess symptoms and QoL. RESULTS: There was a large heterogeneity of self-reported symptom severity and related bother in the three symptoms of UI, increased daytime voiding frequency and night-time voiding in these referred patients. The WHOQoL-bref showed significant group differences of subjectively relevant symptoms. CONCLUSION: The perception of increased night and daytime frequency, as measured by symptom severity and bother, varied greatly. The severity of UI and its effect on men waiting for a urological assessment of LUTS suggestive of BPH also varied widely. In general, the symptoms and their impact were slight to moderate. The WHOQoL-bref could be used to differentiate among groups of subjectively relevant symptoms, and in so doing supported information generated by the bother question. 
Entacapone is a catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) inhibitor used as an adjunct to levodopa/dopa decarboxylase inhibitors in the treatment of Parkinson's disease. Entacapone increases the bioavailability and reduces the daily variation of plasma levodopa when administered with standard levodopa preparations. These parameters were studied when entacapone was administered with a controlled-release levodopa preparation after repeated administrations throughout the day in 16 healthy male volunteers. On 2 test days, 200 mg entacapone or placebo was administered 4 times during the day at 4-hour intervals concomitantly with a single dose of controlled-release levodopa/carbidopa 100 mg/25 mg (Sinemet CR). Plasma levodopa, 3-O-methyldopa (3-OMD), and carbidopa concentrations were measured before intake of the medication and then every 30 minutes for 16 hours (until midnight), and less frequently up to 24 hours after the first levodopa dose. The minimum, maximum, and average concentration of levodopa; the daily variation of levodopa concentration; and the area under the time concentration curve (AUC) were calculated. The mean (+/-SD) plasma levodopa AUC was 39% (P = 0.0001) higher with entacapone (11,802 +/- 1454 ng/hour/mL) compared with placebo (8465 +/- 927 ng/hour/mL). The daily variation of plasma levodopa was reduced by about 25% with entacapone (P < 0.01). Entacapone significantly reduced plasma 3-OMD concentration by about 50% (P = 0.0001), indicating marked COMT inhibiting activity. There were no differences in plasma carbidopa concentrations. Entacapone significantly increased the bioavailability of levodopa and reduced its daily variation when administered concomitantly with a controlled-release levodopa preparation.
The study presents normal reference intervals and ranges of "normal" side-to-side and day-to-day variability of ocular blood flow Doppler parameters. Peak-systolic (PSV), end-diastolic velocity (EDV) and impedance indices in the ophthalmic artery (OA), the central retinal artery (CRA) and the short posterior ciliary artery (SPCA) of both orbits were determined with color-coded duplex sonography in 140 healthy volunteers (range 18 to 83 y; 68 men and 72 women). Decreases in flow velocities and concomitant increases in impedance indices were found in all arteries with advancing age. The PSV and the EDV values for the OA, the CRA and the SPCA in the age group less than 40 yr-old were 40.6 +/- 8.9 and 11.2 +/- 3.7, 9.9 +/- 1.8 and 3.7 +/- 0.9, 13.8 +/- 2.6 and 5.7 +/- 1.5 cm/s (mean +/- SD), respectively. In the 40 to 60 yr-old age group, the values were 35 +/- 7.9 and 10.7 +/- 4.3, 9.7 +/- 2 and 3.5 +/- 0.8, 13.5 +/- 2.9 and 5.3 +/- 1.5 cm/s. In the age group over 60 yr-old, the values were 34 +/- 8 and 8.4 +/- 3.3, 9.3 +/- 2 and 3 +/- 0.9, 12.8 +/- 2.4 and 4.3 +/- 1.2 cm/s. In the youngest age group, the EDV in the CRA and the SPCA was higher in women, while in the OA the PSV and the EDV were higher in men. Ranges of side-to-side variability in the OA, the CRA and the SPCA, determined with repeatability coefficient for the PSV and the EDV, were 24, 5.4, 7.5 cm/s and 11, 2.5, 4.2 cm/s, respectively, whereas the values for day-to-day variability were 16.8, 4.3, 6.7 cm/s and 5.6, 1.7 and 3.9 cm/s. Ocular blood flow Doppler parameters range widely and are significantly age and sex dependent. Ranges of "normal" side-to-side and day-to-day variability of the parameters can help to determine abnormal flow pattern.
During the past decade the Swan-Canning estuary, Western Australia, has shown signs of stress which has been attributed to high nutrient inputs. There is little information on the effect of nonnutrient contaminants on biota inhabiting the estuary. A suite of biomarkers was measured on black bream (Acanthopagrus butcheri) to determine whether annual variations in fish biomarkers exist in the wet (winter) and dry (summer) seasons. Serum sorbitol dehydrogenase showed no significant differences between years, indicating that measured mixed-function oxygenase (MFO) enzyme activities were not affected by annual variations in hepatic tissue damage. Ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase activity was lower in female black bream than in male fish while ethoxycoumarin-O-deethylase activity was not influenced by gender. Biomarker levels measured at various sites confirm that major roads and drains are significant contributors of MFO-inducing chemicals into the Swan-Canning estuary. No consistent upstream or downstream gradient in biomarker response was identified. The ratio of naphthalene-type to benzo(a)pyrene-type biliary metabolites was linked to runoff from urban areas into the estuary. There was high annual variability in all biomarkers in both seasons, suggesting that biannual monitoring is required to evaluate the effect of contaminants on the biota in the estuary.
BACKGROUND/METHODS: Nighttime salivary cortisol (NSC) has been suggested to be a useful diagnostic test for Cushing's syndrome (CS). In the absence of published data on its day-to-day variability, we assessed the reproducibility of NSC by repeated measurements in healthy volunteers. Its diagnostic performance was compared with 24-h urinary free cortisol (UFC) and 1 mg overnight dexamethasone suppression test in 12 patients with CS, 20 healthy volunteers, 14 referred patients in which CS was excluded or not firmly established, 16 obese patients, and 20 women in late pregnancy. RESULTS: NSC showed a superior reproducibility in healthy volunteers with a low day-to-day variability as reflected by an intraclass correlation coefficient of 0.78. The receiver operating characteristic curve-estimated cutoff of 6.1 nmol/liter (0.22 microg/dl) demonstrated a sensitivity and specificity of 100% (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve, 1.0; 95% confidence interval, 0.94-1.0) in the diagnosis of CS. NSC, 24-h UFC [after adjusting the local laboratory cutoff to 504 nmol/d (183 microg/d)], and the urinary cortisol/creatinine ratio showed a tendency to be superior to 1 mg dexamethasone suppression test in correctly identifying CS. In late pregnancy, the preserved diurnal variation at a higher level of salivary cortisol reduced the specificity of NSC to 75%. CONCLUSION: Based on its remarkable reproducibility, easy noninvasive nature, and at least similar diagnostic performance, NSC appears to be a preferable alternative to 24-h UFC as a first-line screening test for CS. The cutoff values of NSC, 24-h UFC, and urinary cortisol/creatinine ratio have to be carefully adjusted using assay and center-specific reference ranges of sufficiently large populations. 
Vasoactive intestinal polypeptide (VIP) contributes to the regulation of coronary vasomotor tone and circulating levels of VIP have been reported to increase during acute myocardial infarction. However, the changes in VIP concentration during exercise-induced ischemia have not been studied yet. Therefore, we sought to determine whether circulating levels of VIP change during treadmill exercise testing and whether they could be used as a marker of exercise-induced myocardial ischemia. Twenty-nine subjects with definitive positive (group-I) and 20 subjects (group-II) with negative results on treadmill exercise testing were included in this study. In order to assess circulating levels of VIP, blood samples were collected in both groups before exercise, at 5 minutes of exercise, at peak exercise, and at 10 minutes in the recovery period. There were no differences between the two groups with respect to the baseline demographics of age, sex, heart rate, or blood pressure. The metabolic equivalents (METs) values, peak heart rate achieved, peak systolic-diastolic blood pressure, and exercise duration did not differ between the two groups. No significant differences were found in the circulating levels of VIP at any stage of the exercise between the two groups (10.5 +/- 2.5 versus 11.0 +/- 3.5 pmol/L, P = 0.5, 10.6 +/- 2.3 versus 10.6 +/- 3.3 pmol/L, P = 0.9, 10.9 +/- 3.1 versus 11.5 +/- 3.4 pmol/L, P = 0.5, and 10.7 +/- 1.8 versus 11.7 +/- 4.1 pmol/L, P = 0.3, respectively). There was no relationship between the circulating level of VIP and exercise-induced myocardial ischemia, and therefore it could not be used as a marker of exercise-induced myocardial ischemia.
Mirtazapine pharmacokinetic (PK) data from patients on long-term treatment for major depression have never been investigated. For this reason, in a large naturalistic outpatient study (prospective, multicenter, open-labeled, and noncomparative) conducted in Sweden in the period 2000-2002, one of the main objectives was to outline the inter- as well as intraindividual PK variance of mirtazapine and demethylmirtazapine serum concentrations in a patient cohort treated up to 6 (optionally 12) months. A total of 192 male and female outpatients aged 18 years or older were included. Serum samples of mirtazapine and demethylmirtazapine were collected, by the means of therapeutic drug monitoring, at weeks 1, 4, 8, and 24 (52). Altogether 683 serum samples were analyzed. A pronounced interindividual variability of mirtazapine and demethylmirtazapine, and the demethylmirtazapine/mirtazapine ratio was seen. The coefficient of variation was about 38%, 33%, and 36%, respectively. The intraindividual variation over time was low, about 20% on all variables. At the population level, no accumulation of mirtazapine, demethylmirtazapine, or change of the demethylmirtazapine/mirtazapine ratio was observed over time. Women had significantly higher dose-corrected concentrations of mirtazapine and demethylmirtazapine and demethylmirtazapine/mirtazapine ratio than men. Patients above 65 years of age had higher concentrations than their younger counterparts. Among patients with adverse events, lower demethylmirtazapine concentrations were observed than in patients with no adverse events. Patients on multiple drug treatment had higher dose-corrected mirtazapine and demethylmirtazapine serum concentrations than patients taking only mirtazapine. Weight and BMI had a significant negative correlation with demethylmirtazapine concentrations and with the demethylmirtazapine/mirtazapine ratio. Continued efforts are warranted to perform PK studies in a natural clinical setting to learn and understand inter- and intraindividual PK variances in real patients treated for longer periods of time. For mirtazapine as well as for most antidepressant drugs only relatively short term PK is available. To help clinicians improve their treatment of patients with major depressive disorder, the possible implications on the PK with a long-term treatment are important to study.
Most human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) transmission in developing countries occurs through heterosexual intercourse or during birth from mother to child. It is critical to characterize the virus of the genital tract variants as a target for the development of an HIV-1 vaccine and microbicidal therapies. We compared the C2V3 env domain genetic diversity of HIV-1 in female genital secretions and in plasma from Ethiopian women seeking care for sexually transmitted infections (STIs). Sequences within an individual differed between the plasma and cervicovaginal lavage (CLV) compartments with nucleotide and amino acid median difference values of 8.3 and 4.8%, respectively. Sequence diversity in CVL was greater than in plasma. And the V3 loop positive charge was often more elevated in CVL. These are markers of the differential evolution of the viruses in CVL and peripheral blood indicating that limited evolution at the site of contact is not the limiting factor determining the preferential transmission of macrophage tropic viruses.
Lipoprotein data and apolipoprotein (apo) E genotype from 1302 participants, covering a wide range of total plasma cholesterol levels, were used to examine the impact of apo E genotype on the estimation of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C0 concentrations by the Friedewald formula using high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride (TG) concentrations as compared with the beta -quantification reference procedure. The results showed that participants with apo E2/E2 genotype had significantly higher very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C) concentrations and VLDL-C/TG ratio as well as lower LDL-C concentrations than participants with other apo E genotypes. Heterozygous carriers of the epsilon 2 allele had significantly higher VLDL-C than participants with apo E3/E3 and E4/E3 genotypes. The mean absolute error and the mean percentage of bias in calculated LDL-C according to all apo E genotypes, except E2/E2 genotype, were less than 0.16 mmol/L and 4.4%, respectively. Indeed, the mean error and the mean percentage of bias associated with the LDL-C calculated by the Friedewald formula in the apo E2/E2 group were 0.93 mmol/L and 40.6%, respectively. However, participants with the apo E2/E2 genotype and a type III phenotype showed a mean error and a mean percentage of bias reaching 1.53 mmol/L and 63.5%, respectively, whereas E2/E2 participants with a non-type III phenotype had a mean error and a mean percentage of bias of 0.18 mmol/L and 11.0%, respectively. Moreover, 41.9% to 57.1% of the participants had an absolute bias higher than 5% according to the apo E genotype, except for the apo E2/E2 genotypic group where 88.6% of the participants had an absolute bias higher than 5%. Stepwise multiple linear regression analyses revealed that the apo E genotype contributed to 39.0% of the VLDL-C/TG ratio variance, whereas sex, age, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol explained between 0.5% and 3.2% of the variance. These results indicate that the apo E genotype exerts a significant influence on the estimation of LDL-C concentrations by the Friedewald formula as compared with the beta-quantification.
The in vitro activity of tulathromycin was evaluated against common bovine and porcine respiratory pathogens collected from outbreaks of clinical disease across eight European countries from 1998 to 2001. Minimum inhibitory concentrations (MICs) for one isolate of each bacterial species from each outbreak were determined using a broth microdilution technique. The lowest concentrations inhibiting the growth of 90% of isolates (MIC90) for tulathromycin were 2 microg/ml for Mannheimia (Pasteurella) haemolytica, 1 microg/ml for Pasteurella multocida (bovine), and 2 microg/ml for Pasteurella multocida (porcine) and ranged from 0.5 to 4 microg/ml for Histophilus somni (Haemophilus somnus) and from 4 to 16 microg/ml for Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae. Isolates were retested in the presence of serum. The activity of tulathromycin against fastidious organisms was affected by culture conditions, and MICs were reduced in the presence of serum.
The study of skin blood flow responses is confounded by temporal variability in blood flow measurements. Spectral analysis has been shown useful in isolating the effects of distinct control mechanisms on various stimuli in the microcirculatory system. However, the sensitivity of spectral analysis to temporal blood blow variability has not been reported. This study was designed to assess week-to-week variability in blood flow measurements using wavelet-based spectrum analysis. Ten healthy, young subjects (mean age+/-SD, 30.0+/-3.1 years) were recruited into the study. Incremental heating (35-45 degrees C, 1 degrees step min-1) was applied on the skin over the sacrum once per week for three consecutive weeks. Wavelet analysis was used to decompose the laser Doppler blood flow signal into frequency bands determined to be associated with endothelial nitric oxide (0.008-0.02 Hz), neurogenic (0.02-0.05 Hz), myogenic (0.05-0.15 Hz), respiratory (0.15-0.4 Hz), and cardiac (0.4-2.0 Hz) control mechanisms. The results showed that coefficients of variation for the power in each frequency band at baseline are smaller than the coefficients of variation of blood flow at baseline or at maximal blood flow ratio (P<0.05). Myogenic and respiratory frequency bands showed the highest coefficients of variation among the five frequency bands. An increase in power in the endothelial nitric oxide frequency band and a decrease in power in the myogenic frequency band of the maximal blood flow response were reproduced in three consecutive weeks. Our study suggests that wavelet analysis is an effective method to overcome temporal variability in skin blood flow measurements.
The aim of this study was to compare a dual-inversion-recovery black-blood (BB) magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) sequence with steady-state free precession (SSFP) for the assessment of left ventricular parameters. The improved endocardial border definition seen with SSFP was not observed at the epicardial border. Improvements in segmentation at the left ventricular epicardial border have been observed with this black-blood sequence. Left ventricular (LV) mass and LV end-diastolic volume (EDV) measurements as well as inter-observer and intra-observer variability were compared between images acquired with a dual inversion BB and SSFP sequence. The mean+/-1 standard deviation (SD) for LV EDV was 178.3+/-52.7 ml measured with SSFP and 158.8+/-62.2 ml with BB. This difference was not statistically significant (p=0.22). For SSFP, the mean value of LV mass was 124.0+/-27.0 g and 147.5+/-37.4 g for BB, a statistically significant difference (p<0.0001). The dual-inversion-recovery BB imaging showed improved reproducibility for LV mass measurements compared with SSFP and improved spatial resolution. For studies requiring LV mass measurements, the dual-inversion-recovery BB sequence offers improved spatial resolution and improved reproducibility to SSFP.
OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether immunocytochemical detection of cytokeratin (CK)-20 could serve as a reliable diagnostic marker for transitional cell carcinoma (TCC) of the bladder. METHODS: A total of 232 patients were enrolled in the study. Group 1 consisted of 144 patients with histologically confirmed TCC (62 at diagnosis and 82 in follow-up), and group 2 consisted of 88 subjects, including healthy volunteers and individuals with "non-TCC" conditions. Spontaneously voided urine specimens were obtained from each patient and submitted to immunocytologic and standard cytologic examination. RESULTS: CK-20 immunocytology yielded an overall sensitivity of 65.3%, significantly greater than the sensitivity of urine cytology (54.2%, P = 0.013). A more detailed analysis revealed a sensitivity advantage for the former technique in the detection of primary (61.3% versus 51.6%, P = 0.046), recurrent (68.3% versus 56.1%, P = 0.027), Stage pT1 (81.8% versus 59.1%, P = 0.006), grade 2 (76.2% versus 61.9%, P = 0.031), and grade 3 (82.1% versus 67.9%, P = 0.039) tumors. Moreover, CK-20 immunocytochemistry demonstrated greater overall specificity than cytology (90.9% versus 86.4%, respectively), a difference stemming from the subgroup of lithiasis patients (100% versus 66.7%, P = 0.024). In terms of reliability, the positive and negative predictive values of the immunoassay were greater than those calculated for cytology (92.2% versus 86.7% and 61.5% versus 53.5%, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: CK-20 immunocytology is more sensitive than standard cytology in the detection of TCC, particularly of Stage pT1, grade 2, and grade 3 tumors. In view of its high overall specificity and predictive accuracy, it is conceivable that the proposed immunoassay may progressively replace conventional cytologic screening in the diagnosis of bladder cancer. 
BACKGROUND: The American Diabetes Association recommends that people with diabetes use self-monitoring to control their blood glucose concentration. To assess the need for standardization, we evaluated the variability among 5 of the most common monitors: MediSense Precision Xtra, Ascencia Dex, Prestige Smart System, OneTouch Ultra, and Accu-Chek Advantage. METHODS: We took steps to minimize preanalytical variation. We also eliminated user variability by using one trained operator to collect samples and perform all testing. Each monitor was used twice with each participant; one test was performed using an aged strip and the other using a fresh strip. We compared monitors using a separate ANOVA for each concentration range and strip lot. RESULTS: The total CVs and the within-strip lot CVs were not statistically different among monitors, ranging from 3.1% to 11.3% and from 2.1% to 8.5%, respectively. There were statistically significant differences among monitors for among-strip lot CVs, which ranged from nearly 0% to 7.5%. The degree of significance increased as the concentration range increased [3.9-5.5 mmol/l: p<0.05; 5.6-7.7 mmol/l: p =0.003; 7.8-11.1 mmol/l: p < 0.001]. The average percent difference between monitor pairs was statistically significant (p < 0.05) in more than half of the paired comparisons, with significant differences ranging from 5.7% to 32.0%. CONCLUSIONS: Monitor results can vary significantly so that agreement among them is poor. Standardization is necessary to minimize variability and to improve patient care. 
Adhesion and aggregation are important parameters characterizing the function of intact platelets in flowing blood and in contact with a more or less thrombogenic surface. In the retention test Homburg (RTH), platelets are exposed to a standardized textured surface (Sysmex retention tubes) under defined conditions of flow. Platelet counts are performed before and after the Sysmex retention tube passage. The difference between these values indicates the percentage of retained platelets (retention index). Decreased retention in the RTH indicates a loss of function or defective platelet function; increase is associated with an increased activation of platelets, for example, in patients with vascular diseases. For further evaluation of the retention phenomenon the filters were fixed after cell passage and examined by scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and transmission electron microscopy (TEM). SEM and TEM micrographs show activated platelets adhering and spreading on the filter surface, comparable with platelets on a disturbed endothelium. Also, we examined the influence of different G forces and centrifugation times on the retention behavior of the platelets in citrated platelet-rich plasma (PRP) and whole blood (WB). G forces influenced the retention index in PRP and WB significantly and in a different way. Finally, we used a platelet standard, as customary in the quality check, to determine the serial as well as the day-to-day precision.
Artificial blood pumps are today's most promising bridge-to-transplant, bridge-to-recovery, and destination therapy solutions for patients with congestive heart failure. There is a critical need for increased reliability and safety as the next generation of artificial blood pumps approach final development for long-term destination therapy. To date, extensive failure and reliability studies of these devices are considered intellectual property and thus remain unpublished. Presently, the Novacor N100PC, Thoratec VAD, and HeartMate LVAS (IP and XVE) comprise the only four artificial blood pumps commercially available for the treatment of congestive heart failure in the United States. The CardioWest TAH recently received premarket approval from the US Food and Drug Administration. With investigational device exemptions, the AB-180, AbioCor, LionHeart, DeBakey, and Flowmaker are approved for clinical testing. Other blood pumps, such as the American BioMed-Baylor TAH, CorAide, Cleveland Clinic-Nimbus TAH, HeartMate III, Hemadyne, and MagScrew TAH are currently in various stages of mock loop and animal testing, as indicated in published literature. This article extensively reviews in vitro testing, in vivo testing, and the early clinical testing of artificial blood pumps in the United States, as it relates to failure and reliability. This detailed literature review has not been published before and provides a thorough documentation of available data and testing procedures regarding failure and reliability of these various pumps.
The Swan-Canning Estuary, in southwestern Australia, undergoes distinct seasonal changes, with freshwater discharge predominant in the winter (wet) season and low flow with high salinity predominant in the dry summer season. To investigate seasonal variability in biomarkers of exposure in fish, black bream (Acanthopagrus butcheri) were collected from seven sites in the Swan-Canning Estuary in winter 2000 and in summer 2001. No interseasonal or intersite differences in serum sorbitol dehydrogenase concentration were found, indicating the measured mixed-function oxygenase (MFO) enzymes were not influenced by liver damage. The ethoxyresorufin-O-deethlyase (EROD) activity of the postspawning females was higher in summer than in winter but was significantly lower than that in males in both seasons, suggesting estradiol suppression in females. Sexual differences in ethoxycoumarin-O-deethylase (ECOD) activity were not evident in either season. Both EROD and ECOD activities and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) biliary metabolites had significantly different patterns of induction between seasons. The ratio of naphthalene-type to benzo(a)pyrene-type biliary metabolites was significantly higher in summer, indicating the sources of petroleum hydrocarbons were petrogenic compared to in winter, when the source was a mixture of pyrogenic and petrogenic PAHs. There was no upstream or downstream gradient of response in any biomarker in either season, demonstrating that there were multiple sources of contaminant input into the estuary. Although winter biomarker levels were triggered by the discharge runoff from major roads and drains, summer biomarker levels appear to have been related to recreational boating use on the estuary.
It remains a question why some patients with phenylketonuria (PKU) have high IQ and low brain phenylalanine (Phe) concentrations in spite of high blood Phe levels. One possible explanation for the low brain Phe concentrations in these patients would be a reduced transport of Phe across the blood-brain barrier. The 4F2hc/LAT1 complex has been suggested to be the most important molecular component responsible for this transport. To test the hypothesis that structural variant(s) in the genes encoding 4F2hc and LAT1 might result in a complex with reduced affinity for Phe, we have screened the two genes for sequence variants in a group of 13 PKU patients with a low ratio of brain to blood Phe concentrations. Several common sequence variants were identified, but none of these is predicted to affect the resulting protein product. Our data suggest that individual vulnerability to Phe in patients with PKU is not due to structural variants in the 4F2hc/LAT1 complex.
Pathogen attachment is a crucial early step in mucosal infections. This step is mediated by important virulence factors, such as surface proteins. Clostridium difficile surface proteins have been identified as (i) adhesins (the flagellar cap protein FliD; the flagellin FliC; and the cell wall protein Cwp 66 with a two domain-structure [Cw 66 N-terminal and Cwp 66 C-terminal domains]) and (ii) protease (the Cwp 84 protein). To address the roles of these proteins in the pathogenesis of Clostridium difficile and to identify vaccine antigen candidates, we analyzed the variability of the proteins and their immunogenicities in 17 patients with C. difficile-associated disease. PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis of amplified gene products revealed interstrain homogeneity with fliC and fliD, in contrast to cwp 66 genes. Immunoblot analysis showed that FliC and FliD were detected in the majority of isolates. The N-terminal domain of Cwp 66 and Cwp 84 were present in all strains tested, in contrast to the Cwp 66 C-terminal domain, the expression of which was heterogeneous. The 17 sera from the corresponding patients were analyzed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay to detect antibodies directed against these proteins. Many patients developed antibodies to FliC, FliD, Cwp 84, and the Cwp 66 C-terminal domain, but not to the Cwp 66 N-terminal domain. In conclusion, this study confirms the expression of these surface proteins of C. difficile during the course of the disease. In addition, the FliC, FliD, and Cwp 84 proteins appeared to be good potential vaccine candidates.
Breath-by-breath variability of the end-tidal partial pressure of CO2 (Pet(CO2)) has been shown to be associated with cerebral blood flow (CBF) fluctuations. These fluctuations can impact neuroimaging techniques that depend on cerebrovascular blood flow. We hypothesized that controlling Pet(CO2) would reduce CBF variability. Dynamic end-tidal forcing was used to control Pet(CO2) at 1.5 mm Hg above the resting level and to hold the end-tidal partial pressure of oxygen (Pet(O2)) at the resting level. Peak blood velocity in the middle cerebral artery (MCA) was measured by transcranial Doppler ultrasound (TCD) as an index of CBF. Blood velocity parameters and timing features were determined on each waveform and the variance of these parameters was compared between Normal (air breathing) and Forcing (end-tidal gas control) sessions. The variability of all velocity parameters was significantly reduced in the Forcing session. In particular, the variability of the average velocity over the cardiac cycle was decreased by 18.2% (P < 0.001). For the most part, the variability of the timing parameters was unchanged. Thus, we conclude that controlling Pet(CO2) is effective in reducing CBF variability, which would have important implications for physiologic neuroimaging.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the clinical accuracy of reagent test strips used to estimate BUN concentration in dogs and cats. DESIGN: Prospective study. ANIMALS: 116 dogs and 58 cats. PROCEDURE: Blood samples were collected at the time of admission to the hospital. Estimates of BUN concentration obtained with reagent test strips (category 1 [5 to 15 mg/dL], 2 (15 to 26 mg/dL], 3 [30 to 40 mg/dL], or 4 [50 to 80 mg/dL]) were compared with SUN concentrations measured with an automated analyzer. For dogs, category 1 and 2 test strip results were considered a negative result (nonazotemic) and category 3 and 4 test strip results were considered a positive result (azotemic). For cats, category 1, 2, and 3 test strip results were considered a negative result (nonazotemic) and category 4 test strip results were considered a positive result (azotemic). RESULTS: On the basis of SUN concentration, 40 of the 174 (23%) animals (20 dogs and 20 cats) were classified as azotemic. One dog and 2 cats had false-negative test strip results, and 1 dog had a false-positive result. Sensitivity and specificity were 95% (20/21) and 99% (94/95), respectively, for dogs and 87% (13/15) and 100% (43/43), respectively, for cats. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Results suggest that reagent test strips are a reliable method for rapidly estimating BUN concentrations in dogs and cats. Because test strip results are only semiquantitative and there remains a potential for misclassification, especially in cats, urea nitrogen concentration should ultimately be verified by means of standard chemistry techniques. 
Protein profiling with mass spectrometry is a promising approach for classification and identification of biomarkers; however, there is debate about measurement quality and reliability. Here, we present a pipeline for preprocessing, statistical data analysis and presentation. Serum samples of 16 healthy individuals are used to generate protein profiles with high-resolution MALDI-TOF after isolation of peptides with C8 magnetic beads. Analysis of variance was performed after binning, baseline correction and normalization of the mean spectra. Relative variations in the spectra are expressed as coefficient of variation, which depending on the respective preanalytical variation parameter investigated, was found to range between 0.15 and 0.67 in this study. With this novel method, the reproducibility of our protein profiling procedure could be quantified. We showed that circadian rhythm and the number of freeze-thaw cycles had relatively limited influence on serum protein profiles, whereas the period between collection and serum centrifugation had a more pronounced effect.
Tissue factor, the main initiator of blood coagulation, is shed into plasma by blood cells and endothelium. While studying such circulating plasma tissue factor with a commercially available immunoassay, we found unsatisfactory results and therefore developed a new and highly sensitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). High-affinity monoclonal antibodies raised against recombinant soluble tissue factor were used and the new assay had a detection limit of 40 fmol/L, approximately six-fold lower than existing assays. Normal ranges in 20 healthy donors were established in serum and in citrated EDTA and heparinized plasma. Tissue factor was also measured in three successive plasma samples from 43 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. In citrated plasma from healthy donors, tissue factor concentrations were 2.5 (1.0-9.3) pmol/L (median with range) and were not significantly different in diabetics. With a commercially available immunoassay, seven plasma samples were below the detection limit. Use of the new assay reduced intra-individual variation in diabetics from 49% to 14% and we conclude that high-affinity antibodies may markedly improve immunoassay performance.
Alcoholism and heavy drinking are associated with a number of physiological, behavioral, affective, and cognitive problems. One such problem involves dysregulation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis, with alcoholics showing higher basal cortisol levels and reduced inhibitory feedback control. In addition, alcohol consumption is associated with decreased heart rate variability (HRV). In the present study we examined the relationships among alcohol consumption, cortisol excretion, and HRV in 542 apparently healthy men. Men in the top tertile of self-reported alcohol consumption had higher cortisol levels and lower HRV compared to men in the lower two tertiles of alcohol consumption. In addition, the inverse relationship between cortisol and HRV was greatly attenuated in the heavy drinking group even after accounting for a number of potential confounding factors. These results support prior research on the HPA axis dysregulation in alcoholics and suggest impaired inhibitory control of the HPA axis in heavy drinkers. The findings are consistent with the neurovisceral integration model, which links central and peripheral processes, and may provide a comprehensive framework for the future investigation of the complex mix of physiological, behavioral, affective, and cognitive factors which comprise the heavy drinking phenotype.
AIM: To assess the reproducibility of, and determine normative data for, flow volume measurements from the right common carotid artery (CCA) and its relation to left ventricular output (LVO) in stable term and preterm babies using Doppler ultrasound. METHODS: Right CCA flow volume was measured using a near focus, high frequency transducer by obtaining intensity weighted mean velocity and right CCA diameter. LVO was determined using standard Doppler techniques. Reproducibility studies were performed on 30 newborn infants by two observers. Normative data were obtained from 40 spontaneously breathing preterm babies and 21 term babies. RESULTS: The intraobserver coefficient of variation for CCA flow measurements was 10.5% for observer 1 and 15.4% for observer 2, whereas the interobserver coefficient of variation was 16.4%. In term and preterm infants, right CCA flow was about 20 ml/kg/min, accounting for 11% of cardiac output. Among the preterm infants, there was a positive correlation of right CCA flow with gestation (r = 0.61, p<0.001), weight (r = 0.64, p<0.001), and LVO (r = 0.59, p<0.001). Right CCA diameter also increased with weight (r = 0.63, p<0.001) and gestation (r = 0.58, p<0.001). The proportion of LVO distributed to the right CCA did not increase with gestation, nor did the right CCA flow per kg body weight. CONCLUSIONS: It is possible to perform reproducible measurements of flow volume in the CCA of newborn infants. In stable, spontaneously breathing babies, both cardiac output and carotid flow increased with gestation and body weight. The proportion of cardiac output distributed to the right CCA remained relatively constant across gestation. 
BACKGROUND: Long-term frozen storage may alter the results of prostate-specific antigen (PSA) measurements, mainly because of degradation of free PSA (fPSA) in vitro. We compared the effects of long-term storage on fPSA, total PSA (tPSA), and complexed PSA (cPSA) in serum vs EDTA-plasma samples. METHODS: We measured fPSA and tPSA concentrations in matched pairs of archival serum and EDTA-plasma samples (stored frozen at -20 degrees C for 20 years) from a large population-based cohort in Malm, Sweden. We also compared concentrations in age-matched men with those in samples not subjected to long-term storage, obtained from participants in a population-based study of prostate cancer screening in Gteborg, Sweden. These contemporary samples were handled according to standardized preanalytical and analytical protocols aimed at minimizing in vitro degradation. tPSA and fPSA measurements were performed with a commercial assay (Prostatus Dual Assay; Perkin-Elmer Life Sciences). RESULTS: Concentrations of tPSA and fPSA and calculated cPSA (tPSA - fPSA) in archival plasma were not significantly different from those in contemporary serum from age-matched men. In archival serum, however, random variability of fPSA was higher vs plasma than in contemporary samples, whereas systematic error of fPSA analyses was similarly small in archival and contemporary serum and plasma. CONCLUSIONS: Concentrations of tPSA and calculated cPSA were highly stable in plasma and serum samples subjected to long-term storage at -20 degrees C. Greater random variability, rather than a systematic decrease, may explain differences in fPSA analyses observed in archival serum. 
BACKGROUND AND METHODS: We investigated the factors that determine the best glycaemic control on multiple daily insulin (MDI) injections and continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII), and the hypothesis that blood glucose variability is a major determinant of control and that the resultant HbA(1c) on MDI correlates with the improvement achieved by CSII. We studied 30 type 1 diabetic subjects already receiving MDI. Renewed attempts to improve control on MDI were made for a median of five months, and then the subjects were switched to CSII. The variability of within-day and between-day blood glucose concentrations was calculated from blood glucose self-monitoring data. RESULTS: HbA(1c) during MDI varied from 5.7 to 11.7% (mean +/- SD, 8.5 +/- 1.4%). Within- and between-day blood glucose variability correlated with HbA(1c) on MDI (r = 0.59, p < 0.001; r = 0.48, p < 0.03). Within-day variability remained an independent predictor of HbA(1c) on MDI. Mean HbA(1c) improved with CSII (to 7.3 +/- 0.9%, p < 0.001), but reduction in HbA(1c) was variable and was related to the HbA(1c) on MDI (r = 0.79, p < 0.001) and within-day variability (r = 0.56, p < 0.01). Similar results were observed for subjects treated only with glargine-based MDI. CONCLUSIONS: The best glycaemic control achievable on MDI is related to blood glucose variability-those with the largest swings in blood glucose retaining the highest HbA(1c). The improvement in control achieved by CSII is related to HbA(1c) and blood glucose variability on MDI. Pump therapy is most effective in those worst controlled on MDI. 
OBJECTIVE: Individual urinary iodine concentration (UIC) reflects iodine intake over a short time prior to sampling. Since eating habits are relatively constant in single subjects, UIC should be relatively constant in a given individual. The aim of our study was to verify this hypothesis by assessing UIC in repeated single urine samples from a group of healthy subjects. DESIGN AND SETTING: A prospective sequential investigation was performed in 131 volunteer health workers or students recruited in our University hospital. INTERVENTIONS: Single urine samples were taken in a nonfasting state, between 0900 and 1100 hours. Group 1 was composed by 131 subjects who collected one urine sample. Group 2 was composed by 11 subjects of the group 1, who collected multiple repeated urine samples (as a whole 158 urine samples, mean 14 samples each). UIC mean+/-s.d., median and coefficient of variation (CV%) was measured in both groups. RESULTS: Interindividual UIC variation was wide, UIC ranging from 21 to 382 microg/l, mean 136+/-84 microg/l, median 124 microg/l, CV 62%. Also in the 11 subjects repeatedly sampling there were considerable differences among individual UIC average levels (ranging from 37+/-15 to 221+/-91 microg/l). However, in this second group, the intraindividual variation was considerably restricted (CV% 36). CONCLUSIONS: The present study shows that in a nonfasting state in mid-morning UIC is more stable from day to day in a single subject, depending on his eating habits, than in various subjects. Thus, a single urine sample even in nonfasting state may give some rough information about the individual's iodine status. 
OBJECTIVE: The neobladder created with a detubularized segment of ileum as standard treatment for the transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder may permit absorption of drugs. As a consequence, on the one hand the elimination of drugs excreted in the urine may be delayed and a change of dosage may be required, and on the other hand the intravesical administration of a drug may produce blood levels capable of inducing unwanted systemic effects. The purpose of the present study was to explore the possibility of drug absorption from a continent ileal reservoir for urine. METHODS: The possibility of drug re-absorption from a continent ileal reservoir for urine was studied in 12 patients with well functioning reservoirs after a time interval of 3 months from surgery and also, in 7 of them, 6 months later. Saline solutions of ciprofloxacin or hydrocortisone were instilled and maintained in the reservoir for 2 h, and drug concentrations in plasma were measured 1 and 2 h after instillation. RESULTS: Both ciprofloxacin and to a lower extent hydrocortisone were adsorbed from the reservoir, but with large interindividual variability. A comparison of the plasma concentrations produced by the two drugs 3 and 9 months after creation of the new bladder revealed that after 9 months the absorption was decreased in 3 patients, substantially unchanged in 2, and increased in 2. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study show that both ciprofloxacin, chosen for its use as possible radiosensitizing agent in bladder cancer patients, and hydrocortisone, chosen as an example of lypofilic endogenous compound, can be absorbed through the intestinal mucosa of a continent ileal reservoir, but to a different extent and with high interindividual variability. 
We performed systematic evaluation of 38 protocols to concentrate normal human urinary proteins prior to 2D-PAGE analysis. Recovery yield and pattern of resolved protein spots were compared among different methods and intra-/inter-individual variabilities were examined. Precipitation with 90% ethanol provided the greatest protein recovery yield (92.99%), whereas precipitation with 10% acetic acid had the least protein recovery (1.91%). In most of precipitation protocols, the higher percentage of applied organic compounds provided the greater recovery yield. With a fixed concentration at 75%, the urine precipitated with acetonitrile had the greatest number of protein spots visualized in 2D gel, whereas the acetic-precipitated sample had the smallest number of spots. For the intra-individual variability, the first morning urine had the greatest amount of total protein but provided the smallest number of protein spots visualized. Excessive water drinking, not caffeine ingestion, caused alterations in the urinary proteome profile with newly presenting spots and also proteins with decreased excretion levels. As expected, there was a considerable degree of inter-individual variability. Coefficients of variation for albumin and transferrin expression were greatest by inter-individual variables. Male urine had greater amount of total protein but provided smaller number of protein spots compared to female urine. These data offer a wealth of useful information for designing a high-quality, large-scale human urine proteome project.
A urinary test for detecting the anti-H. pylori antibody using immunochromatography (RAPIRAN) is considered suitable for the screening purpose. However, this may yield spurious results in the presence of proteinuria. The present study was conducted to evaluate the diagnostic performance of RAPIRAN in patients with proteinuria. Urine and serum samples of adult inpatients with proteinuria were used for analyses. The diagnosis of H. pylori infection was made based on the seropositivity of anti-H. pylori antibody using 2 different serum tests. Fifty-one subjects were eligible for analyses. The serum tests showed negative and positive in 25 and 26 patients, respectively. Two of 25 seropositive patients had a negative result in RAPIRAN, and 1 provided invalid data. All of seronegative patients showed negative in RAPIRAN. The overall accuracy was 95.0%. The present study showed that RAPIRAN has diagnostic quality enough to use clinically also in patients with proteinuria.
The human Polyomavirus BK (BKV) contains a hypervariable non-coding control region (NCCR), which regulates DNA replication and RNA transcription. The aim of this study was to characterize BKV NCCR-variants in kidney biopsies and urine samples from renal-transplant patients and to see whether there is any association between NCCR variability and BKV-nephropathy. Kidney biopsies and urine samples were examined from 11 patients with elevated serum creatinine and >5,000 genomic BKV copies per ml of urine. BKV-nephropathy was diagnosed in seven patients. Using PCR, BKV NCCR was amplified from urine from all BKV-nephropathy patients. The dominant NCCR corresponded to the archetype (WWT). In addition, a total of 14 non-archetype NCCR-variants were detected. Thirteen of these NCCR-variants were found in urine from one single BKV-nephropathy patient also suffering from hepatitis C. The NCCR of BKV was amplified from kidney biopsies of six BKV-nephropathy patients. Three patients demonstrated WWT NCCR, while three other patients harbored rearranged NCCR variants. The WWT NCCR was also detected in urine from control patients, except for one patient who harbored two non-archetypal NCCR variants. However, these variants were not resulting from complex rearrangements but instead had a linear NCCR anatomy with deletion(s) in the P-block. No BKV DNA was detected in biopsies from control patients. The results indicate that rearranged BKV NCCR is associated with BKV-nephropathy.
We assessed the reproducibility of measurements of plasma hormone and binding protein levels in umbilical cord blood collected from 30 male and female babies. They were delivered as singleton births from full-term pregnancies (gestational age >or= 37 weeks) in a cord blood donation programme. We assayed three plasma replicates from each cord blood sample at two points in time. Plasma oestradiol, unconjugated oestriol, testosterone, progesterone, prolactin, sex-hormone binding globulin (SHBG), insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), and IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) levels were measured in duplicates in the same batch (batch 1). In addition, another set of assays was conducted for each cord blood 1 year apart in a different batch (batch 2). Means and standard deviations for each hormone and binding protein were similar in replicates assayed in batch 1 and 2. Pearson's correlation coefficients were 0.9 or higher in duplicates assayed in batch 1. The correlation coefficients were between 0.77 and 0.96 for between-batch assays. Intra-class correlation coefficients (ICC) were higher than 0.9 for assay of SHBG [95% CI 0.92, 1.0] and progesterone [95% CI 0.87, 0.97] and between 0.8 and 0.9 for assay of oestradiol, unconjugated oestriol, prolactin, IGF-1, and IGFBP-3. The lowest ICC value was found for testosterone (ICC = 0.74; [95% CI 0.56, 1.0]). These data indicate a high reproducibility of cord blood hormone measurements; minimal differences were observed between the calibrated and the original regression coefficients for the association of hormones/binding proteins with percent of CD34+ cells in mononuclear cells.
BACKGROUND: The decision regarding an immunotherapy regimen for venom-allergic patients is based on the results of skin testing and serum venom specific IgE measurements. However, their reliability has been questioned, and their reproducibility has not been examined. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reproducibility and reliability of the results of skin testing and serum venom specific IgE measurement in venom-allergic patients. METHODS: Patients with a systemic reaction after an insect sting were evaluated twice, 2 to 6 weeks apart, by intradermal skin tests and by determination of serum venom specific IgE to Hymenoptera venoms. RESULTS: Thirty-five patients were evaluated 1 to 168 months (mean, 23 months) after the sting reaction. Reproducibility of skin test results for all venoms at the 2 sessions was found in 23 patients (66%). Reproducibility of venom specific IgE results for all venoms was found in 16 (59%) of 27 patients from whom 2 blood samples were available for evaluation. Concordance between skin test and venom specific IgE results for all venoms was found in 30 (51%) of 59 samples available for evaluation. CONCLUSIONS: The reproducibility of venom skin test and serum venom specific IgE results is relatively poor. It is common practice for therapeutic decisions regarding venom immunotherapy to be based on a single diagnostic evaluation. Consequently, many patients are either overtreated or undertreated. Better diagnostic methods are required in venom allergy. 
Near infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) is a non-invasive method to monitor cerebral haemodynamics. Used either alone or in combination with other non-invasive methods such as transcranial Doppler sonography, this technique is well suited for use in cerebrovascular research in ageing. Reproducibility of NIRS, however, has only been determined in neonates and adults. We applied controlled desaturation (the O(2)-method) to measure the cerebral blood volume (CBV) with NIRS in 16 healthy subjects aged 65 to 88. This method uses deoxygenated haemoglobin (the concentration of which is manipulated by desaturation) as an intravascular tracer for NIRS. We determined repeatability (between tests interval: 2 min), short-term reproducibility (intervals of 20 and 40 min) and long-term reproducibility (interval > 2 weeks). We found a coefficient of variation (CV) of 12.5% for repeatability and a CV of 11.7% for short-term reproducibility. The CV for long-term reproducibility was 15%. We conclude that NIRS can reproducibly measure CBV in subjects aged 65 and older, using the O(2)-method. In this group of healthy subjects, this method was well tolerated.
BACKGROUND: An important question is whether human serum levels of persistent organic pollutants has continued to decrease during the last decades. The aim of this study was to assess intra-individual variations over time of serum levels of 2,2',4,4',5,5'-hexachlorobiphenyl (CB-153), 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(4-chlorophenyl)-ethene (p,p'-DDE) and hexachlorobenzene (HCB), considering the impact of a number of possible determinants. METHODS: Blood samples were drawn for the same 39 subjects in 1991 and 2001. Interviews were made at both occasions. Lipid adjusted serum concentrations of CB-153, p,p'-DDE and HCB were determined in both sets of blood samples using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. The fatty acid composition of the serum lipids was analyzed by means of gas-liquid chromatography. RESULT: The CB-153 concentrations in serum had averagely decreased with 34% in between 1991 and 2001 (p<0.001). Of individual determinants only increasing BMI was associated with decreasing CB-153 levels (beta=-1.0, 95% CI -1.8, -0.2, p=0.01), explaining 13% of the variation. The average decrease of p,p'-DDE was 55%, and could only weakly be associated with a relative increase of BMI (beta=-1.0, 95% CI -2.3, 0.2, p=0.09), explaining only 5% of the variation. The average decrease of HCB was 53%, and was associated only with high fish consumption in 1991, explaining 12% of the variation. CONCLUSIONS: The results support a continuing decrease in human body burdens of PCBs, DDE and HCB during the 1990s. The explanatory factors relative change of BMI and fish consumption explained only a minor part of the time-related variations in serum levels. 
BACKGROUND: Although in type 1 diabetes the close association between heart rate variability and urinary albumin excretion (UAE) is recognized even in patients with normoalbuminuria, this association has not yet been fully established in patients with type 2 diabetes. Therefore, we investigated the association in patients with type 2 diabetes. PATIENTS AND METHODS: All the hospital's 185 inpatients with type 2 diabetes were prospectively enrolled. Heart rate variability was evaluated by coefficients of variance of RR intervals (CVRR). RESULTS: The mean age, duration of diabetes, and hemoglobin A1C of the patients were 59.7+/-9.9 years, 10.4+/-7.8 years, and 9.7+/-2.3%, respectively. An analysis of the patients showed a significant negative correlation between CVRR and log10-transformed (log) UAE (R=-0.3340, P <0.0001). CVRR showed a significant negative correlation with age, duration of diabetes, hemoglobin AIC, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, and triglyceride level. Log UAE showed a significant positive correlation with body mass index, hemoglobin A1C, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, total cholesterol, and triglyceride level. In the macroalbuminuric group (UAE above 300 mg/g creatinine; n=57), although CVRR showed a significant negative correlation with log UAE (R=-0.3571, P= 0.0064), but in normoalbuminuric (UAE below 30 mg/g Cr; n=79) and in microalbuminuric groups (30 to 300 mg/g Cr; n = 49), CVRR and log UAE showed no correlation. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that in type 2 diabetes, the association between CVRR and UAE is significant only in patients with macroalbuminuria. 
A putative haematotoxic and leukaemogenic metabolite of benzene, 1,4-benzoquinone (1,4-BQ), reacts rapidly with macromolecules. The authors previously characterized levels of the albumin (Alb) adduct (1,4-BQ-Alb) of this reactive species in populations of workers exposed to benzene. Since high levels of 1,4-BQ-Alb were also measured in unexposed workers from those investigations, the current study was initiated to determine potential sources of 1,4-BQ in the general population. A single blood sample was collected from 191 healthy subjects from the Research Triangle area, NC, USA, to determine the baseline 1,4-BQ-Alb levels and contributing sources. The median 1,4-BQ-Alb at baseline was 550?pmol?g(-1) Alb (interquartile range 435-814?pmol?g(-1)). A second blood sample was collected approximately 3 months later from a subgroup of 33 subjects to estimate the within- and between-person variation in 1,4-BQ-Alb. Standardized questionnaires were administered to collect information about demographic, dietary and lifestyle factors. Multiple linear regression models identified several significant contributors to 1,4-BQ-Alb levels, including gender, body mass index (BMI), the gender-BMI interaction, automobile refuelling, smoking status, and consumption of fruit and the artificial sweetener, aspartame. The authors predicted that these background levels of 1,4-BQ-Alb were equivalent to occupational exposures between 1 and 3 parts per million of benzene. Mixed effects linear models indicated that the random variation in adduct levels was about equally divided between and within subjects. The observations indicate that levels of 1,4-BQ-Alb cover a wide range in the general population, and they support the hypotheses that demographic, diet and lifestyle factors are contributing sources.
BACKGROUND: Recently, the GEM Premier blood gas analyser was upgraded to the GEM Premier 3000. In addition to pH, pCO2, pO2, Na+, K+, Ca2+, and hematocrit measurement, glucose and lactate can be measured on the GEM Premier 3000. In this prospective clinical study, the analytical performance of the GEM Premier 3000 was compared with the Ciba Corning 865 analyser for blood gas/electrolytes/metabolites, and for hematocrit with the Sysmex XE 2100 instrument. METHODS: During a 6-month period, 127 blood samples were analysed on both the GEM Premier 3000 analyser and our laboratory analysers (Ciba Corning 865/Sysmex 2100 instrument), and compared using the agreement analysis for quantitative data. RESULTS: With the exception of K+, the other parameters (pCO2, pO2, Na+, Ca2+, hematocrit, glucose, and lactate) can be described in terms of the mean and standard deviation of the differences. For K+ measurement, a clear linear trend (r=0.79, p<0.001) in the deviation of the GEM Premier 3000 from the Ciba Corning was noticed, ie, in the lower or upper K+ reference range, the GEM Premier 3000 measured systematically too low or too high, respectively. Furthermore, in comparison with the other parameters, a therapeutically unacceptable systematic difference (mean of difference: -2.2%, p=0.05) in hematocrit measurement on the GEM Premier 3000 was observed for hematocrit values below 30%. The variance of the readings for the GEM Premier 3000 measurements was at clinically acceptable levels. CONCLUSION: The GEM Premier 3000 analyser seems to be suitable for point-of-care testing of electrolytes, metabolites, and blood gases during cardiopulmonary bypass. However, its downward bias in hematocrit values below 30% suggests that using the GEM Premier 3000 as a transfusion trigger leads to overtreatment with packed red cells. 
This study compares the changes in four blood markers of exercise-induced oxidative stress in response to exercise protocols commonly used to explore the global muscle performance at work (maximal incremental cycle) and endurance to fatigue of selected muscles (static handgrip and thumb adduction). Cycling and static exercises allow the muscle to work in aerobic and anaerobic conditions, respectively. Healthy adults performed an incremental cycling exercise until volitional exhaustion and, on separated days, executed infra-maximal static thumb adduction and handgrip until exhaustion. Exercise-induced oxidative stress was assessed by the increased plasma concentration of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS), the consumption of plasma reduced ascorbic acid (RAA), and erythrocyte reduced glutathione (GSH) antioxidants, and the changes in the total antioxidant status (TAS) of plasma. Five minutes after the end of the incremental cycling exercise, we measured a peak increase in TBARS level, maximal consumption of GSH and RAA, and a modest but significant decrease in TAS concentration. In response to both static thumb adduction and handgrip, significant variations of TBARS, GSH and RAA occurred but we did not measure any significant change in TAS level throughout the 20-min recovery period of both exercise bouts. The present study shows that only the changes in TBARS, GSH and RAA explore both dynamic and static exercises. In addition, TAS measurement does not seem to represent a reliable and unique tool to explore exercise-induced oxidative stress, at least during isometric efforts that allow the muscle to work under anaerobic condition.
BACKGROUND: To test the hypothesis of an association between cardiac autonomic activity evaluated by heart rate variability and systemic inflammatory markers such as C-reactive protein, we studied the correlation of the indices of heart rate variability relative to serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) in a healthy Brazilian population. METHODS: Four hundred twenty-one healthy individuals aged 15-82 years (mean 40.4 years), 184 men (43.7%) and 237 women (56.3%) were enrolled between July 1998 and July 2001. The relationship between the log-transformed indices of the heart rate variability and the serum concentration of hs-CRP were analyzed stratified by age tertile using the Spearman correlation coefficient and multiple linear regression. RESULTS: The log standard deviation of all normal sinus RR intervals over 24 h (SDNN) (r = -0.801; p = 0.024) was independently correlated with log hs-CRP in the individuals with age in the oldest tertile (> or = 46 years). In addition, the body mass index (BMI) was independently correlated with hs-CRP in all of the age groups. CONCLUSIONS: In the healthy subjects aged 46 years or more the lower heart rate variability correlated with higher concentration of hs-CRP. 
In this paper, we present the protein map corresponding to the porcine peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) to better understand the role of these cells in the pig immune system. To conform the map, the proteins were separated by 2-DE using a 5-8 range pH gradient in IEF and approximately 800 spots were detected. Due to the high level of indeterminate variability associates to the 2-DE, analytical and biological variances were analyzed. The analytical variance was calculated for 50 proteins in three replicate 2-DE gels from the same protein extract whereas the biological variance was determined by comparison of the patterns obtained for the same 50 proteins in different animals. Values of 15.13 and 33.70% were determined for analytical and biological variances, respectively. These average variances will provide a quantified and statistical basis for future proteomic studies directed to evaluate relevant quantitative changes in the biological response. A representative set of the major proteins was subjected to MALDI-TOF analysis and over 75% of the proteins were identified on the basis of their similarity with its human homologue proteins. A large number of cytoskeletal and metabolic proteins were found as well as some proteins related to cell mobility and immunological functions. Finally, other proteins implicated in the cell signaling process, transport or apoptosis were also identified giving a wide overview of the porcine PBMC protein map.
Exhaled nitric oxide has been used as a means of indirectly measuring the underlying inflammation in asthma. The objectives of the study were to measure exhaled nitric oxide levels in asthma patients and healthy volunteers, to study peripheral blood lymphocyte cytokine expression, and to study the relationship between exhaled nitric oxide and intracellular cytokine expression. Exhaled nitric oxide was elevated in patients with moderate to severe asthma and with treatment decreased in the first week reaching to a near normal level by 4 weeks. Elevated exhaled nitric oxide was associated with decreased IL-4 and IL-13 cytokine expression by CD8 lymphocytes.
Recent natural catastrophes with large-scale loss of life have demonstrated the need for a new technique to provide information for disaster victim identification when DNA methods fail to yield the identification of an individual, or in other situations where authorities need to determine the recent geographical life history of people. The latter may be in relation to the identification of individuals detained on suspicion of terrorism or in relation to people-trafficking or smuggling. One proposed solution is the use of stable isotope profiling (SIP) using isotope ratio mass spectrometry (IRMS). Exploiting the link between the isotopic signal of dietary components and the isotopic composition of body tissue, the aim of this study was to refine a non-invasive method of analysing human material such as scalp hair and fingernails using SIP and to assess the degree of natural variability in these profiles. Scalp hair and fingernail samples were collected from British and non-British volunteers at Queen's University Belfast every 2 weeks for a minimum of 8 months. Samples were analysed using IRMS to determine their isotopic composition for 13C, 15N, 2H and 18O. The results of this longitudinal study yielded information on the natural variability of the isotopic composition of these tissues. The data demonstrate the relatively low degree of natural variation in the 13C/15N isotopic abundance of scalp hair and fingernails whilst greater variations were recorded in the hydrogen and oxygen values of the same samples. The 15N and 18O values of nail are noticeably more variable than that of scalp hair from the same subject. A hypothesis explaining this trend is put forward based on the faster rate of formation of hair than of nails. This means that there is less time for the compounds forming hair to be affected by biochemical processes that could alter their isotopic signature.
BACKGROUND: Serum C-reactive protein (CRP) level is a heritable complex trait that predicts incident cardiovascular disease. We investigated the clinical and genetic sources of interindividual variability in serum CRP. METHODS AND RESULTS: We studied serum CRP in 3301 Framingham Heart Study (FHS) participants (mean age 61 years, 53% women). Twelve clinical covariates explained 26% of the variability in CRP level, with body mass index alone explaining 15% (P<0.0001) of the variance. To investigate the influence of genetic variation at the CRP gene on CRP levels, we first constructed a dense linkage disequilibrium map for common single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) spanning the CRP locus (1 SNP every 850 bases, 26 kilobase [kb] genomic region). Thirteen CRP SNPs were genotyped in 1640 unrelated FHS participants with measured CRP levels. After adjustment for clinical covariates, 9 of 13 SNPs were associated with CRP level (P<0.05). To account for correlation among SNPs, we conducted forward stepwise selection among all 13 SNPs; a triallelic SNP (rs3091244) remained associated with CRP level (stepwise P<0.0001). The triallelic SNP (C-->T-->A; allele frequencies 62%, 31%, and 7%), located in the promoter sequence, explained 1.4% of total serum CRP variation; haplotypes harboring the minor T and A alleles of this SNP were associated with higher CRP level (haplotype P=0.0002 and 0.004). CONCLUSIONS: In our community-based sample, clinical variables explained 26% of the interindividual variation in CRP, whereas a common triallelic CRP SNP contributed modestly. Studies of larger samples are warranted to assess the association of genetic variation in CRP and risk of cardiovascular disease. 
OBJECTIVE: To assess the contemporary inter-institutional accuracy of urinary cytology in predicting the recurrence of transitional cell carcinoma (TCC) of the bladder, in a large multi-institutional cohort from four continents, as cystoscopy and urinary cytology represent the 'gold standards' for surveillance of TCC recurrences, but the ability of cytology to predict recurrence varies. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Ten institutions contributed 2542 patients with a history of superficial TCC, of whom 898 had TCC recurrence. Age- and gender-adjusted logistic regression models were used to evaluate the association between urine cytology and TCC recurrence. The predictive accuracy derived from the logistic regression model was tested using the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve. The resulting predictive accuracy estimates were internally validated with 200 bootstrap re-samples. RESULTS: The mean (range across institutions) age of the patients was 65 (48-69) years and 75 (67-87)% were men. Cytology was positive in 19 (10-38)% of patients; recurrence was identified in 35 (27-54)% of patients. The sensitivity was 38-65% across institutions. Urinary cytology varied significantly in its ability to predict recurrence of bladder cancer. Institution-specific predictive accuracy adjusted for gender and age was 0.627-0.893. Stratifying by grade and stage only partly attenuated the discrepancies between centres. CONCLUSIONS: The variability of urinary cytology results was very appreciable among the 10 centres and ranged from poor (63%) to excellent (89%). 
BACKGROUND: Variable compliance with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) is a potentially preventable cause of sudden unexplained death in epilepsy (SUDEP). Hair AED concentrations provide a retrospective insight into AED intake variability. METHODS: We compared hair AED concentration variability in patients with SUDEP (n = 16), non-SUDEP epilepsy related deaths (n = 9), epilepsy outpatients (n = 31), and epilepsy inpatients (n = 38). AED concentrations were measured in 1 cm hair segments using high performance liquid chromatography. Individual patient hair AED concentration profiles were corrected for "washout" using linear regression analysis. The coefficient of variation (CV) of the corrected mean hair AED concentration provided an index of variability of an individual's AED taking behaviour. Hair sample numbers varied between subjects, and so weighted regression estimates of the CV were derived for each group. RESULTS: The CV regression estimates for each group were: SUDEP 20.5% (standard error 1.9), non-SUDEP 15.0% (3.9), outpatients 9.6% (1.4), and inpatients 6.2% (2.7). The SUDEP group therefore showed greater hair AED concentration variability than either the outpatient or the inpatient groups (p<0.0001). CONCLUSION: Observed variability of hair AED concentrations, reflecting variable AED ingestion over time, is greater in patients dying from SUDEP than in either epilepsy outpatients or inpatients. SUDEP, at least in a proportion of cases, appears preventable. 
BACKGROUND: Effective therapeutic drug monitoring for antiretrovirals requires a better understanding of intraindividual variability in pharmacokinetics. METHODS: We determined concentrations of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) protease and nonnucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitors for 10 patients with undetectable plasma HIV RNA levels who had been receiving stable regimens for > or = 11 months. Plasma samples were collected at the same time of day 3 times per week for up to 4 months. Patients were instructed to take their antiretrovirals at the same time every day. Plasma protease and nonnucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitor concentrations were determined using high-performance liquid chromatographic methods. Pharmacokinetic variability was expressed as intraindividual percentage coefficient of variation (ICV), which was calculated as the patient's standard deviation divided by the mean drug concentration for that patient. RESULTS: ICV was determined for 6 drugs for 10 patients, for a total of 17 different patient-drug combinations, using 600 total samples. ICV was unexpectedly high for most patients who were receiving protease inhibitors (ICVs for individual patients taking lopinavir/ritonavir were 24%, 33%, 51%, and 92%; for patients taking nelfinavir/M8 metabolite, they were 30%/44% and 39%/54%; for patients taking ritonavir, they were 34% and 43%; for patients taking saquinavir, they were 52% and 55%). ICVs for patients receiving nonnucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitors were lower (for patients receiving efavirenz, they were 7%, 13%, 29%, and 51%; for a patient receiving nevirapine, it was 25%). The median ICV for all patients receiving protease inhibitors (n = 12) was 43.5%, and for all patients receiving nonnucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitors (n = 5), the median ICV was 25%. CONCLUSIONS: Intraindividual variability in concentrations of antiretrovirals was surprisingly high in virologically suppressed patients. Possible contributors include food effects, concomitant use of prescription and herbal medications, assay variability, or medication timing, which was assessed by self-report. High intraindividual pharmacokinetic variability may limit the utility of single measurements in therapeutic drug monitoring for some antiretroviral agents. 
OBJECTIVE: Cellular and animal studies suggest that leptin has proinflammatory and prothrombotic effects that could link increased adipose mass directly to atherogenesis. To investigate this hypothesis, we examined the effect of genetic variability at the leptin receptor (LEPR) locus on the plasma levels of fibrinogen and CRP--two markers of inflammation and susceptibility to atherosclerosis. METHODS AND RESULTS: Linkage disequilibrium analysis of 71 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) spanning the LEPR locus revealed four haplotype blocks that could be tagged by 11 SNPs. In 630 healthy Caucasian individuals, variability in block #4 was significantly associated with plasma fibrinogen (p=0.005), accounting for 3% of its variance (r2=0.030). The same block was also associated with CRP levels (p=0.049, r2=0.022). The effect was strongest for two of the SNPs in this block. At rs3790432, fibrinogen was 10% higher in minor allele homozygotes than in major allele homozygotes and intermediate in heterozygotes (p=0.015). At rs1805096, it was 5% higher (p=0.007) and CRP 32% higher (p=0.011) in major allele homozygotes than in minor allele carriers. This pattern of association was also evident in the haplotype analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Association of leptin receptor variability with inflammatory traits supports the hypothesis that leptin may play a role in atherogenesis. 
Cerebral hemoglobin concentration (cHbc), a major determinant of oxygen transport capacity in the brain, shows a considerable variability due to physiological and methodological factors. In order to determine the (relative) contribution of these factors, the cHbc variability within the first 6 hours of life was studied in 28 very preterm infants using near infrared spectrophotometry (NIRS). Mean cHbc values were 46.4 +/- 14.1 micromol/l (2.75 +/- 0.84 ml/100 g). Is the variability in cHbc related to the methodology of cHbc measurements or to physiological variables? A statistical model of stepwise regression (backward selection) with 13 independent variables and with cHbc as a dependent variable showed that, from the total variability of +/- 14.1 micromol/l, only 3.7 micromol/l (26%) were of methodological origin, while the major portion, 9.3 micromol/l (66%) were related to four physiological variables: birth weight, gestational age, blood glucose and transcutaneous carbon dioxide tension. The remaining 1.1 micromol/l (7.8%) were unexplained. We conclude that NIRS, which allows continuous monitoring of cerebral oxygenation and metabolism even in the first hours of postnatal life, is a valid technique to measure cHbc in very preterm infants. The major portion of the large variability of early cHbc registrations can be attributed to physiological factors.
Genetic polymorphisms in genes involved in processes that affect DNA damage may explain part of the large interindividual variation in DNA adduct levels in smokers. We investigated the effect of 19 polymorphisms in 12 genes involved in carcinogen metabolism, DNA repair, and oxidant metabolism on DNA adduct levels (determined by (32)P post-labeling) in lymphocytes of 63 healthy Caucasian smokers. The total number of alleles that were categorized as putatively high-risk alleles seemed associated with bulky DNA adduct levels (P = 0.001). Subsequently, to investigate which polymorphisms may have the highest contribution to DNA adduct levels in these smokers, discriminant analysis was done. In the investigated set of polymorphisms, GSTM1*0 (P < 0.001), mEH*2 (P = 0.001), and GPX1*1 (P < 0.001) in combination with the level of exposure (P < 0.001) were found to be key effectors. DNA adduct levels in subjects with a relatively high number of risk alleles of these three genes were >2-fold higher than in individuals not having these risk alleles. Noteworthy, all three genes are involved in deactivation of reactive carcinogenic metabolites. This study shows that analysis of multiple genetic polymorphisms may predict the interindividual variation in DNA adduct levels upon exposure to cigarette smoke. It is concluded that discriminant analysis presents an important statistical tool for analyzing the effect of multiple genotypes on molecular biomarkers.
Adiponectin is an adipocyte-derived hormone that has shown anti-inflammatory and antiatherogenic effects. We assessed the associations of variants in the adiponectin gene (ADIPOQ) with circulating adiponectin levels and cardiovascular risk among women with type 2 diabetes. Of 989 diabetic women from the Nurses' Health Study, 285 developed cardiovascular disease (CVD) during follow-up through 2000. We genotyped five ADIPOQ polymorphisms in the CVD case and control subjects. A promoter polymorphism -11365C-->G was significantly associated with lower plasma adiponectin levels (P = 0.004). The homozygotes of allele -4034C were significantly associated with approximately 60% increased cardiovascular risk (odds ratio 1.62 [95% CI 1.07-2.45]). Adjustment for age, BMI, and other covariates did not appreciably change the associations. In addition, a common haplotype possessing allele +276T (CAATT) was associated with a significantly lower CVD risk than the most common haplotype (CAATG) (0.70 [0.50-0.98]). In our meta-analysis of 827 CVD case and 1,887 CVD-free control subjects, polymorphism +276G-->T was significantly associated with approximately 45% (20-62%) decreased CVD risk under a recessive inheritance mode in diabetic patients. In conclusion, ADIPOQ promoter polymorphism -11365C-->G was associated with plasma adiponectin levels, whereas polymorphisms -4034A-->C and +276G-->T were associated with CVD risk in diabetic patients.
Liver and plasma hepatitis C virus (HCV) variability was compared by E2 cloning and sequencing in three patients coinfected with HCV and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) before and after interferon treatment and in three patients solely infected with HCV. The plasma and liver samples contained unique sequences. In the patients coinfected with HIV, accumulated random mutations produced mostly nonsynonymous substitutions in contrast to the reduced HCV genetic variability seen after treatment.
INTRODUCTION: Given the hypothesis of a common soil for atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome, we tested the contribution of gene polymorphisms involved in cardiovascular diseases on fasting insulin concentration (FIC). METHODS: The polymorphisms were investigated by a multiplex assay in 308 apparently healthy French middle-aged men and women, taken from the STANISLAS cohort. FIC was measured by a microparticular enzymatic immunoassay. RESULTS: After a series of regression analyses involving 34 polymorphisms, FGB -455G/A was the only polymorphism that remained significantly associated with FIC when adjusting the analyses for multiple testing. Stepwise models showed that FGB polymorphism accounted for 4.39% of FIC variability in men. Additionally, interactions between FGB and with environmental factors (alcohol and smoking in men, and BMI in women) were found. DISCUSSION: To our knowledge, this is the first study reporting an influence of FGB polymorphism on FIC in a healthy population. Our results concord with the already shown link between fibrinogen concentration and FIC, and support the hypothesis of a relationship between fibrinogen and endothelium in FIC homeostasis whose alteration may induce several metabolic disorders. The contribution of this gene, although modest, is consistent with the polygenic nature of insulin levels. 
PURPOSE: We describe the validity and reliability of a questionnaire designed to determine frequency, severity and risk factors of urinary tract infection and daytime urinary incontinence in primary school-age children. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Based on published validated questionnaires and advice from content experts, a questionnaire was developed and piloted in children attending outpatient clinics. Construct validity for parent report of frequency and severity of daytime urinary incontinence was tested by comparison with a daily accident diary in 52 primary school children, and criterion validity of parent report for UTI was verified by comparison with the reference standard (urine culture) in 100 primary school children. Test-retest reliability of the questionnaire was assessed in 106 children from primary schools. RESULTS: There was excellent agreement between the questionnaire and accident diary in severity (weighted kappa 0.94, 95% confidence intervals 0.85 to 1.03) and frequency of daytime urinary incontinence (0.88, 0.7 to 1.0). Parents reported urinary tract infection in 15% of children, compared to a positive urine culture in 8% (sensitivity 100% and specificity 68.5%). Test-retest reliability of the questionnaire was excellent (mean k 0.78, range 0.61 to 1.00). CONCLUSIONS: Parents overreport UTI by about 2-fold but can recall frequency and severity of daytime urinary incontinence well during a 3-month period. The developed questionnaire is a valid tool to estimate frequency, severity and risk factors of daytime urinary incontinence and UTI in primary school children. 
Few studies have evaluated whether a single blood hormone measurement, as is available in most epidemiologic studies, sufficiently characterizes a premenopausal woman's long-term hormone levels; there is particular concern whether sex steroid hormones, which fluctuate during the menstrual cycle, are reliable. We conducted a prospective study within the Nurses' Health Study II to examine the reproducibility of plasma estrogens, androgens, progesterone, prolactin, sex hormone binding globulin, insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), and IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3). One blood sample per year over 3 years was collected from 113 premenopausal women during both the follicular and luteal phases of the menstrual cycle. We calculated intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) across the three samples for all women. Among estrogens, ICCs ranged from 0.38 (estradiol) to 0.60 (estrone sulfate) in the follicular phase and from 0.44 (estrone) to 0.69 (estrone sulfate) in the luteal phase. Among androgens, ICCs ranged from 0.58 (androstenedione) to 0.94 [dehydroepiandrostenedione sulfate (DHEAS)] in the follicular phase and from 0.56 (testosterone) to 0.81 (DHEAS) in the luteal phase. When values were averaged across the follicular and luteal phases, the ICC for prolactin was 0.64 whereas ICCs for IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were 0.86 and 0.82, respectively. The ICC for progesterone in the luteal phase was only 0.29. These data suggest that for androgens, estrone sulfate, prolactin, IGF-I, and IGFBP-3, a single measurement can reliably categorize average levels over at least a 3-year period in premenopausal women. For estrone and estradiol, where ICCs were relatively low, it is important to use reproducibility data such as those to correct for measurement error in epidemiologic studies.
Weekly reproductive health examinations were performed on 46 multiparous Holstein cows from 14 to 100 d post partum. Sixteen cows developed 19 nonsimultaneous ovarian cysts, with a mean day of first detection at 34.3 +/- 4.5 d post partum and a mean duration of 31.0 +/- 4.3 d after first detection. Coccygeal blood was collected three times weekly, and plasma progesterone concentrations were determined by radioimmunoassay. Cysts were diagnosed by palpation per rectum or by ultrasonography and classified as follicular or luteal cysts; the cows were not treated. Cows with a mean plasma progesterone concentration of < 1 ng/ml from the first day of detection (Day 1) of a cyst until Day 10 were classified as having a follicular cyst, and those with a mean plasma progesterone concentration of >or= 1 ng/ml from Day 1 to Day 10 were classified as having a luteal cyst. According to this classification, 58% of the cysts were follicular and 42% were luteal. There was an overall 47% agreement between classification by palpation and by ultrasonography on Day 1 with progesterone concentration during Days 1 to 10 after detection of the cyst. Detailed graphs of progesterone concentrations and area of largest follicles or cysts and corpora lutea demonstrate the variability of ovarian structures and progesterone profiles in cystic cows. Detection of a cyst at any one time accompanied by simultaneous measurement of progesterone can lead to different diagnoses of cyst type depending on the method of classification, the presence and age of luteinized tissue in the cyst and undetected corpora lutea.
BACKGROUND: In this study we analysed the reliability of HPLC determination of 2.3.5-pyrroletricarboxylic acid (PTCA). This product derives from oxidation of melanin in human hair, and is a good candidate as a risk marker for skin tumors. MATERIAL/METHODS: We determined PTCA in 100 melanoma cases and 100 controls, 21 replicates from six different reference hairs, two trace elements, and one reference sample (brown hair). RESULTS: Work-up procedures showed an almost perfect reproducibility with an Intraclass Correlation Coefficient (ICC) of 0.990. We noticed a low, detectable, but not statistically significant decrease in reproducibility proportional to the amount of PTCA. Agreement between determination following injection of the same solution in HPLC column was also high, with an overall ICC of 0.986. Simultaneous analysis of reproducibility showed a partial ICC for work-up (0.986), for injection (0.987), and an overall standardised ICC (0.975). The analysis of the two reference tracers in successive tests showed a weak, not statistically significant, decreasing linear drift, possibly due to various factors, such as aging of chemical solutions and HPLC columns. CONCLUSIONS: PTCA extracted from human hair through oxidation and determined with HPLC can be considered a reliable marker as a candidate for identifying persons at high risk for melanoma. 
BACKGROUND: Urinary retention in the post partum period may lead to short- and long-term complications. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the reliability of an automatic ultrasound system to measure the volume of the bladder post partum. METHODS: About 85 women, who delivered vaginally were observed 6 hr post partum. When the bladder volume measured by BladderScan BVI 3000 was more than 300 ml, it was compared with the bladder volume measured by catheterization. RESULTS: Ten additional catheterizations were performed by using BladderScan BVI 3000, when compared with the number of estimated cathetharizations based on clinical indications. Eight women had a residual volume of more than 300 ml, of whom two got an indwelling catheter. Using Bland-Altman methods, there was no significant difference in volumes measured by BladderScan BVI 3000 or by catheterization. Also, there was no significant difference between two observers. CONCLUSION: The BladderScan BVI 3000 is a reliable and non-invasive method to recognize urinary retention in the post partum period. 
In this study, DNA extracted from frozen urine was used in the analysis of polymorphisms in genes coding for xenobiotic-metabolizing enzymes (XMEs). These included single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) in microsomal epoxide hydrolase (mEH), that is, substitutions of tyrosine by histidine in codon 113 (Y113H) and histidine by arginine in codon 139 (H139R), and deletion polymorphisms in glutathione S-transferase (GST) M1 and T1 genes. The concentration of DNA extracted from urine of a Ghanaian population (n = 91) exposed to aflatoxins in their diet ranged from 82.5 to 573 ng/ml urine. Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) procedures were used for the characterization of mEH polymorphisms, whereas a multiplex PCR method was utilized to identify GST deletion polymorphisms. In total, 91% and 94% of 91 samples were genotyped for mEH exon 3 and exon 4 polymorphisms, respectively. In the multiplex analysis of GST polymorphisms, 94% and 91% of 91 individuals were genotyped for GSTM1 and GSTT1 polymorphisms, respectively. The polymorphisms in the mEH exon 4, GSTM1 and GSTT1, were not in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium (HWE) except for mEH exon 3. Representative genotypes identified by PCR-RFLP were cloned and sequenced, then confirmed by comparison with reference sequences of human DNA published in the GenBank BLAST database. These results demonstrate that XMEs can be genotyped from urine with reliable accuracy and may be useful in cancer and molecular epidemiology studies.
BACKGROUND: Within-person variability in biomarkers results in random error that can attenuate estimates of association. Little information on such variability is available for a number of nutrition-related biomarkers. METHODS: Blood samples obtained 2 to 4 weeks apart were analyzed for tocopherols, carotenoids, ascorbate, lipids, cotinine, C-reactive protein, and oxidative stress. Subjects (n = 206 men and women, mean age 45.4 years) were either smokers or passively exposed to smoke. We calculated intraindividual and interindividual variability and the number of measurements required to reduce attenuation. RESULTS: For most biomarkers, 2 measurements would be required to limit the attenuation of correlation coefficients to no lower than 90% of the true correlation. If only one measurement were obtained, observed correlations would be approximately 80-88% of true correlations. For regression coefficients, 3 or 4 measures would be required. Exceptions were ascorbic acid and malondialdehyde, for which a single measure resulted in little attenuation. CONCLUSIONS: For most serum markers, collection of 2 or more measurements per person is desirable to increase the ability to detect associations between biomarkers and health-related variables. If only one measure is possible, sample sizes should be planned to permit detection of associations that are likely to be observed, not the theoretical true associations. The results of this study, in which measurements were obtained 2 to 4 weeks apart, are relevant for epidemiologic research in which the exposure of interest is the subject's baseline or current status. It is likely that within-person variability would be greater over a period of months or years. 
Several studies have shown that patients suffering from Diabetes Mellitus can significantly delay the onset and slow down the progression of diabetes micro- and macro-angiopathic complications through intensive monitoring and treatment. In general, intensive treatments imply a careful blood glucose level (BGL) self-monitoring. The analysis of BGL measurements is one of the most important tasks in order to assess the glucose metabolic control and to revise the therapeutic protocol. Recent clinical studies have shown the correlation between the glucose variability and the long-term diabetes related complications. In this paper, we propose a stochastic model to extract the time course of such variability from the self-monitoring BGL time series. This information can be conveniently combined with other analysis to evaluate the adequacy of the therapeutic protocol and to highlight periods characterized by an increasing glucose instability. The method here proposed has been validated on two simulated data sets and tested with success in the retrospective analysis of three patients' data sets.
Heart rate variability (HRV) and systemic markers of inflammation have prognostic value in patients with unstable angina pectoris (UAP). However, it is unknown whether any relation exists between HRV parameters and indexes of inflammation in this clinical context. We assessed HRV on 24-hour electrocardiographic Holter recordings, performed within 24 hours of admission, and measured C-reactive protein (CRP) serum levels by a high-sensitivity assay on admission, in 531 patients with UAP (65+/-10 years of age; 347 men) who were enrolled in the prospective multicenter study Stratificazione Prognostica dell'Angina Instabile (SPAI). A significant inverse correlation was found between CRP levels and all HRV parameters, with the highest r coefficient shown with SD of all RR intervals (r= -0.23; p<0.001) in the time domain and with very low-frequency amplitude (r= -0.22; p<0.001) in the frequency domain. When patients were categorized into 4 groups according to CRP quartile levels, statistically significant lower HRV values were observed in the upper CRP quartile. On separate multiple regression analyses, including the most important clinical and laboratory variables, SD of all RR intervals and very low-frequency amplitude were the most significant predictors of increasing CRP levels (p<0.001 for the 2 comparisons). In contrast, in models with SD of all RR intervals and very low-frequency amplitude as dependent variables, CRP was a strong predictor of impaired cardiac autonomic function (p<0.001 for the 2 comparisons). Thus, our data show that, in patients with UAP, high levels of serum CRP levels are significantly associated with decreased HRV, suggesting a possible pathophysiologic link between cardiac autonomic dysfunction and inflammatory activity.
Oxidative stress has been implicated in the pathogenesis of various chronic diseases, such as cancer, cardiovascular disease and inflammatory conditions, as well as in ageing. Although a number of markers are now available, little is known about the reliability of single measurements of such markers in healthy individuals. The study examined the distribution of variance for three oxidative stress markers, 8-oxo-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-oxodG), 5-hydroxymethyl-2'-deoxyuridine (5-OHmdU) and total 8-isoprostane-F2alpha, which were measured every 3-6 months over 1 year in blood and breast nipple aspirate fluid (NAF) for 103 premenopausal women. For both plasma and NAF, the between-subject variances of 8-isoprostane-F2alpha were consistently greater than the within-subject variances. Consequently, their reliability coefficients were close to the level of those for cholesterol. On the other hand, the within-subject variances were much greater than the between-subjects variances for blood 5-OHmdU, resulting in low reliability coefficients, i.e. <0.3. Overall, the reliability coefficients for blood 8-oxodG were between those of 8-isoprostane-F2alpha and 5-OHmdU, but closer to those of 8-isoprostane-F2alpha. The results suggest that the reliability of oxidative stress markers may vary considerably depending on the type of marker. Caution should be exercised in selecting markers as well as in determining the number of study subjects or the number of samples per subject in a study. There also may be ample room to optimize laboratory techniques to quantify markers of oxidative DNA damage.
The present study aimed to investigate, whether short-term experimental exposure to high levels of welding fumes would be capable of exerting acute effects in healthy subjects. Specifically, we assessed cardiovascular function in terms of heart rate variability (HRV) as well as the concentrations of inflammatory mediators and hemostatic proteins in blood as outcome measures. Twenty subjects without a history of airway and cardiovascular diseases were exposed to either control air or welding fume for 1 h on 2 separate days under standardized conditions. The median concentration of the alveolar particle fraction during welding was 3.5 mg/m(3 )(quartiles: 1.4-6.3 mg/m(3); range 1.0-25.3 mg/m(3)). Five hours later a panel of clinical assessments was performed, including HRV measurement and drawing of blood samples. There were no changes in symptom ratings or lung function after welding fume exposure. Exposures did also not differ regarding effects on time- and frequency-domain parameters of HRV. Similarly, blood leukocyte numbers, cell differentials and the blood levels of fibrinogen, C-reactive protein, antithrombin III, factor VIII, von Willebrand factor, ristocetin cofactor, sICAM-1, tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin 6, interleukin 8 and epithelial neutrophil activating peptide 78 were not altered by welding fume inhalation. However, there was a significant fall in the level of endothelin-1 (P < 0.01). In conclusion, the data did not indicate effects of clinical significance of a short-term high-level exposure to welding fumes on HRV or a set of blood hemostatic and acute inflammatory parameters in healthy subjects. The small but statistically significant effect on endothelin levels demonstrated that measurable effects could be elicited even in these individuals. Overall, welding fumes are not likely to exert acute cardiovascular effects in healthy individuals.
We studied the diagnostic usefulness of semiquantitative determination of procalcitonin (PCT) concentrations in neonatal serum by reference to a quantitative method. We compared 302 results of PCT measurements in 151 samples of venous blood collected during the 1st 7 days of life. The semiquantitative BRAHMS PCT-Q test and the quantitative immunoluminometric LUMItest were compared with Cohen's kappa as a measure of concordance. Concordance was revealed for 28.4% of samples, whereas 11.9% showed total disagreement. Concordance between both methods reached 88% when results from the next (lower or higher) category were included. The weighted kappa value was 0.235, indicative of satisfactory agreement between both methods. The semiquantitative BRAHMS PCT-Q test reveals satisfactory concordance with the quantitative method when results in the next category are included to account for readout error. The semiquantitative test is rapid, easy to use, and helpful as a supportive test when the quantitative assay is not available.
CONTEXT: In 1925, the German zoologist Gnther Enderlein, PhD, published a concept of microbial life cycles. His observations of live blood using darkfield microscopy revealed structures and phenomena that had not yet been described. Although very little research has been conducted to explain the phenomena Dr. Enderlein observed, the diagnostic test is still used in complementary and alternative medicine. OBJECTIVE: To test the interobserver reliability and test-retest reliability of 2 experienced darkfield specialists who had undergone comparable training in Enderlein blood analysis. SETTING: Inpatient clinic for internal medicine and geriatrics. METHODS: Both observers assessed 48 capillary blood samples from 24 patients with diabetes. The observers were mutually blind and assessed their findings according to a specific item randomization list that allowed observers to specify whether Enderlein structures were visible or not. RESULTS: The interobserver reliability for the visibility of various structures was kappa = .35 (95% CI: .27-.43), the test-retest reliability was kappa = .44 (95% CI: .36-.53). CONCLUSIONS: This pilot study indicates that Enderlein darkfield analysis is very difficult to standardize and that the reliability of the diagnostic test is low. 
BACKGROUND: Intensive insulin therapy may reduce mortality and morbidity in selected surgical patients. Intensive insulin therapy also reduced the SD of blood glucose concentration, an accepted measure of variability. There is no information on the possible significance of variability in glucose concentration. METHODS: The methods included extraction of blood glucose values from electronically stored biochemical databases and of data on patient's characteristics, clinical features, and outcome from electronically stored prospectively collected patient databases; calculation of SD of glucose as a marker of variability and of several indices of glucose control in each patient; and statistical assessment of the relation between these variables and intensive care unit mortality. RESULTS: There were 168,337 blood glucose measurements in the study cohort of 7,049 critically ill patients (4.2 hourly measurements on average). The mean +/- SD of blood glucose concentration was 1.7 +/- 1.3 mM in survivors and 2.3 +/- 1.6 mM in nonsurvivors (P < 0.001). Using multiple variable logistic regression analysis, both mean and SD of blood glucose were significantly associated with intensive care unit mortality (P < 0.001; odds ratios [per 1 mM] 1.23 and 1.27, respectively) and hospital mortality (P < 0.001 and P = 0.013; odds ratios [per 1 mM] 1.21 and 1.18, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The SD of glucose concentration is a significant independent predictor of intensive care unit and hospital mortality. Decreasing the variability of blood glucose concentration might be an important aspect of glucose management. 
Immunoassays are used worldwide for the rapid screening of drugs. Despite the fact that they are highly valuable tools for the testing of legal and illicit drugs, there is a non-negligable risk of false-positive and false-negative findings and many pitfalls must be taken into account when using these tests in an uncritical manner and without valid confirmation procedures. In order to check the correlation between cloned-enzyme donor immunoassay (CEDIA) readings and exact determined gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) values for benzoylecgonine, a total of 472 serum samples was measured with an immunoassay (CEDIA) as well as GC/MS. As a result, it was shown that in the lower area of concentration, up to approx. 300 ng equ. benzoylecgonine/ml, there is a semiquantitative useful correlation. With higher concentrations, the values shift more and more apart and many runaways are visible. Generally the use of tests for materials other than those declared is excluded from the manufacturer's warranty and is at the user's own risk, but the authors found that many immunochemical tests with a certification only for the use in urine are well suited to the screening of serum samples, and even low readings could be confirmed by GC/MS. With blood or serum as sample, it could be regularly observed that generally very small readings could not only be confirmed with mass spectrometry but could in most cases also be quantified. This was the key factor in determining the rate of confirmation in 495 cases. In total, an incredibly high reliability for the CEDIA cocaine test (via benzoylecgonine) was shown up to the area of detection (detection limit), far below the cut-off. These results confirm the extraordinary sensitivity and specificity of this test also for blood or serum as sample material to be tested.
Biomarkers are widely used in epidemiology, yet there are few reliability studies to assess the appropriateness of using these biomarkers for the assessment of exposure-disease relationships. The aim of the study was to assess the reliability of 20 biomarkers in serum collected from two Dutch centres (Utrecht and Bilthoven) participating in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) at two points several years apart. Blood samples were collected from 30 men from Bilthoven and 35 women from Utrecht. Ferritin, total iron, total iron-binding capacity, transferrin saturation, transferrin, C-reactive protein, bilirubin, cholesterol, triglycerides, apo lipoprotein-A, apo lipoprotein-B, high-density lipoproteins, low-density lipoproteins, uric acid, creatinine, reactive oxygen metabolites, the ferric-reducing ability of plasma, protein thiol oxidation, fructosamine, and vitamin D biomarkers in serum were analysed from the blood samples at the two points of time. For all biomarkers, except C-reactive protein, there were no substantial changes in the mean levels over time. Uric acid, ferritin, creatinine, HDL, and apo lipoprotein-B levels consistently showed the highest reliability for men and women (intra-class correlation = 0.69-0.86). Among women, the ferric-reducing ability of plasma, and protein thiol oxidation had poor reliability; and among men iron-related biomarkers (except serum ferritin) had poor reliability. With the exception of a few gender-specific differences, most of the 20 biomarkers performed well and can be considered to have sufficient reliability to be used in future cohort studies.
BACKGROUND: Analytical error affects 2nd-trimester maternal serum screening for Down syndrome risk estimation. We analyzed the between-laboratory reproducibility of risk estimates from 2 laboratories. METHODS: Laboratory 1 used Bayer ACS180 immunoassays for alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) and human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), Diagnostic Systems Laboratories (DSL) RIA for unconjugated estriol (uE3), and DSL enzyme immunoassay for inhibin-A (INH-A). Laboratory 2 used Beckman immunoassays for AFP, hCG, and uE3, and DSL enzyme immunoassay for INH-A. Analyte medians were separately established for each laboratory. We used the same computational algorithm for all risk calculations, and we used Monte Carlo methods for computer modeling. RESULTS: For 462 samples tested, risk figures from the 2 laboratories differed >2-fold for 44.7%, >5-fold for 7.1%, and >10-fold for 1.7%. Between-laboratory differences in analytes were greatest for uE3 and INH-A. The screen-positive rates were 9.3% for laboratory 1 and 11.5% for laboratory 2, with a significant difference in the patients identified as screen-positive vs screen-negative (McNemar test, P<0.001). Computer modeling confirmed the large between-laboratory risk differences. CONCLUSION: Differences in performance of assays and laboratory procedures can have a large effect on patient-specific risks. Screening laboratories should minimize test imprecision and ensure that each assay performs in a manner similar to that assumed in the risk computational algorithm. 
BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Elevated von Willebrand factor (vWF) concentrations are associated with an increased risk of ischemic heart disease. Several factors influence vWF antigen levels and activity, including blood group, genetic variability, acute-phase response, and proteolysis by A Disintegrin and Metalloprotease with ThromboSpondin motif (ADAMTS13), a determinant of proteolytic cleavage of vWF. We assessed how these factors affect the relation between vWF and the occurrence of stroke to understand the underlying mechanism. METHODS: In a case-control study of 124 first-ever ischemic stroke patients and 125 age- and sex-matched controls, we studied vWF antigen (vWF:Ag), vWF ristocetin cofactor activity (vWF:RCo), ADAMTS13 activity, the -1793C/G polymorphism in the vWF gene, and C-reactive protein. RESULTS: vWF antigen and activity levels were significantly higher in cases than in controls. The relative risk of ischemic stroke was highest in individuals in the upper quartile of vWF:Ag (odds ratio, 3.2; 95% CI, 1.4 to 7.5) and vWF:RCo (odds ratio, 2.1; 95% CI, 0.9 to 4.8) compared with individuals in the lowest quartiles. In individuals with ADAMTS13 in the lowest quartile, the relative risk of stroke was 1.7 (95% CI, 0.7 to 3.9) compared with the highest quartile. C-reactive protein, ADAMTS13, and genetic variation did not affect the association between vWF and the relative risk of stroke, whereas blood group did affect the association. CONCLUSIONS: vWF antigen and activity are associated with the occurrence of acute ischemic stroke. This relation is unaffected by the severity of the acute-phase response or by genetic variation or degradation. 
According to predictions from the current theoretical models for ageing the heterogeneity of the population is increasing with increasing age. Although the direct observation of such changes in humans is extremely difficult, supporting evidence should be identifiable in key biomarkers associated with health and mortality. Using data from the Northwick Park Heart Study II of 3052 healthy middle-aged men (mean 56 years of age, range 49-69 years), with 5 annual measures of CHD risk factors, ageing effects were tested for plasma fibrinogen, cholesterol and triglycerides. Fibrinogen levels increased with age (p < 0.0001), while cholesterol showed a decrease, and triglycerides did not show any change with age. There was a significant increase in the variance of fibrinogen with age (p < 0.0007) but not for cholesterol or triglycerides. The raising effect on fibrinogen levels associated with the A allele of the FIBB - 455G>A promoter variant also decreased with age (p = 0.005). The age-associated changes observed in the fibrinogen variability and the association of phenotype to genotype are discussed in light of the evolutionary theory, and their implications are considered.
Pulse wave velocity (PWV) is associated with heart rate variability (HRV) in 24-39-year-old men. This study of 40-65-year-old men ranging in moderate-to-vigorous physical activity levels investigated whether (a) PWV is related to spectral HRV, (b) using normalised units for HRV influences that relationship, and (c) HRV predicts PWV when other factors, including age and blood pressure, are accounted for. Subjects were healthy men (N=115), mean (SD) age 50.8 (7.1) years. Carotid-femoral PWV was measured using Complior. HRV was derived from a 5 min ECG for total, high-frequency, and low-frequency power (TP, HF, and LF, respectively), the LF/HF ratio, and normalised units for HF (HFnu) and LF (LFnu). Non-parametric data were natural log-transformed. PWV was 8.5 (1.4) m s-1. TP, HF, LF, LF/HF, HFnu and LFnu were 1908 (2195) m s2, 577 (1034) m s2, 457 (514) m s2, 1.5 (1.3), 46.8 (17.9), and 49.4 (19.4), respectively. PWV was inversely associated with TP (R2=0.061, p=0.008), HF (R2=0.095, p=0.001), LF (R2=0.086, p=0.002) and HFnu (R2=0.040, p=0.031), but was not associated with LF/HF (R2=0.020, p=0.136) or LFnu (R2=0.028 p=0.076). Only age and systolic blood pressure (adjusted R2=0.306, p<0.001) predicted PWV in multivariate analysis. This study has shown that PWV was weakly associated with TP and HF. The use of normalised units only influenced the relationship between PWV and LF. Finally, relationships between PWV and HRV are mediated through age and systolic blood pressure in this population of men ranging in moderate-to-vigorous physical activity level.
PURPOSE: Recombinant human TSH (rhTSH) is used to increase radioiodine uptake during imaging of thyroid cancer, obviating the need to render the patient hypothyroid. We assessed the reproducibility of radioiodine uptake, serum thyrotropin (TSH), and stimulated serum thyroglobulin (Tg) levels after rhTSH administration. METHODS: A retrospective review was performed of patients at Stanford who underwent whole-body (131)I scanning for surveillance of thyroid cancer twice after thyroidectomy and (131)I ablation, with rhTSH prior to each scan. Forty-eight hour radioiodine uptake, peak serum TSH, and stimulated serum Tg levels for each study were recorded. Paired t tests and correlation analysis were used to assess interexamination repeatability. RESULTS: Twenty-three patients underwent two scintiscans with rhTSH, for a total of 46 exams. There was no significant difference between percent uptake at 48 h in the paired exams (p=0.40). Serum TSH level was measured in 45 of 46 exams; TSH exceeded 50 mIU/l in all cases, and there was no significant difference between paired TSH levels (p=0.93). All patients had stimulated serum Tg levels measured, with no significant difference between paired Tg levels (p=0.40); after excluding one patient whose Tg changed from 15.8 ng/ml to undetectable between scans without interval treatment, the p value rose to 0.95. There was a strong correlation among paired uptake values (r=0.85, p<0.0001), peak serum TSH (r=0.69, p=0.0003), and stimulated Tg levels (r=0.81, p<0.0001). No discordant scan interpretations were reported. CONCLUSION: Forty-eight hour radioiodine uptake, peak serum TSH, and stimulated serum Tg levels after administration of rhTSH are repeatable between studies, demonstrating reproducibility of diagnostic results without rendering patients hypothyroid. 
Mannan-binding lectin (MBL) circulates in plasma in complex with MBL-associated serine proteases (MASP) -1, -2 and -3 and a smaller component, MAp19. When MBL binds to the surface of foreign material (microorganisms), MASP-1, -2, -3 are activated. MASP-2 then activates the complement system. MASP-1 and -3 may activate other (unidentified) systems. MBL levels, MBL-bound MASP-1 and MBL-bound MASP-2 activities have been evaluated in healthy individuals from UK and Armenian populations. MBL-bound MASP-2 activity declines in aging (P<0.04). MBL correlates with smoking (P<0.02). There were significant differences between the two populations in MBL-bound MASP-1 activity and in MBL, but no difference in MBL-bound MASP-2 activity. When MASP activities were normalised to MBL (i.e. MASP-1 activity/MBL, MASP-2 activity/MBL), normalised MASP-2 activity in UK individuals was more than 2 fold higher than in Armenians. The difference in normalised MASP-2 activity level between these two Caucasoid populations, suggests that concentration of the MBL-(MASP-2) complex, and therefore the function of activating complement, depends not only on the quantity of MBL in serum and its oligomeric state, but also on the quantity of MASP-2 in serum. It is likely that in individuals with high MBL concentration there is excess free MBL not occupied by MASPs, particularly not by MASP-2.
PURPOSE: The aim of the study is to determine the reliability during a 2-year period of several newly developed iron-related assays to assess their potential for use in prospective epidemiologic studies. METHODS: We assessed the temporal reliability of several iron-related assays by using three serum samples collected at yearly intervals from 50 postmenopausal participants in a large prospective study. RESULTS: We observed high reliability coefficients for ferritin (0.78; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.67-0.86), soluble transferrin receptor (sTfR; 0.79; 95% CI, 0.69-0.87), sTfR/ferritin ratio (0.74; 95% CI, 0.62-0.83), and hepcidin (0.89; 95% CI, 0.84-0.94). In a subset of 30 women, lower reliability was observed for serum iron (0.50; 95% CI, 0.29-0.70), unsaturated iron-binding capacity (0.55; 95% CI, 0.34-0.73), total iron-binding capacity (0.60; 95% CI, 0.40-0.76), and serum transferrin saturation rate (0.44; 95% CI, 0.22-0.65). The reliability of anti-5-hydroxymethyl-2'-deoxyuridine autoantibody titers, a biomarker of oxidized DNA damage, one of the mechanisms by which iron is thought to impact disease risk, was very high (0.97, 95% CI, 0.5-0.99). CONCLUSIONS: Our results show that some newly developed iron-related assays could be useful tools to assess iron-disease associations in prospective cohorts that collect a single blood sample. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relationship between serum sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) and parameters of insulin sensitivity in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and controls, and determine the feasibility of using SHBG levels to predict insulin resistance. DESIGN: Evaluation of a prospectively collected database. SETTING: University reproductive center. PATIENT(S): A total of 21 women with PCOS and 17 controls. INTERVENTION(S): Oral glucose tolerance test. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Correlations of serum SHBG and parameters of insulin sensitivity. RESULT(S): [1] Among all participants, SHBG levels indicated a correlation between the fasting glucose-to-insulin (GI) ratio and the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). Participants with PCOS demonstrated significant correlations of SHBG and fasting GI ratio, 1-hour postglucola insulin levels, and random 17-hydroxyprogesterone (17ohP4) levels. Among controls, SHBG and fasting serum glucose and 2-hour postglucola serum glucose levels were associated. [2] Participants with PCOS and lean controls exhibited different glucose and insulin responses to 75 g of glucose at 1 and 2 hours postchallenge, resulting in paradoxically similar GI ratios. CONCLUSION(S): [1] Although certain parameters of insulin status and serum SHBG demonstrated statistically significant correlation coefficients, these relationships are weak and SHBG cannot be used as a predictor of insulin resistance. [2] The post-glucose load GI ratio cannot be used to determine the magnitude of insulin resistance. 
Anorexigenic substances released during infection may hinder the therapeutic efficacy of in-feed antibiotics. Paracetamol (acetaminophen; PARA) inhibits the anorexia of infection and seems to improve the clinical efficacy of doxycycline (DOX) against bacterial respiratory disease in swine herds. In order to verify whether PARA selectively stimulates intake of DOX-medicated feed in diseased pigs, we documented the pharmacokinetics (PK) of DOX when coadministered with PARA and examined the effect of in-feed PARA on the interindividual variability in plasma concentrations after systemic exposure to in-feed DOX in swine herds with respiratory disease. Systemic exposure to DOX was measured with the area under the curve (AUC) of its plasma concentrations over time. First, a rich-sampling PK study of in-feed and i.v. DOX (10 mg/kg of BW) and PARA (30 and 10 mg/kg of BW, respectively) was performed on 5 pigs. The PK profiles of in-feed DOX were used in mathematical simulations to determine 5 optimal sampling times for the farm-based population PK study. A randomized, blind, parallel PK study was performed in 2 herds with bacterial respiratory disease, where liquid feed was fortified with DOX alone (5 mg x kg of BW(-1) x meal(-1)) or combined with PARA (15 mg x kg of BW(-1) x meal(-1)). Medicated meals were given twice, 12 h apart, to group-housed growing pigs (n > 50 pigs x treatment(-1) x herd(-1), totaling 215 pigs). Plasma concentrations of DOX and PARA were measured with HPLC. At variance with our expectations, PARA decreased (P = 0.069) mean AUC of in-feed DOX and did not decrease its variability (P > 0.34). Mean AUC of DOX increased with feed intake and with initial exposure to DOX, and was greater in sick animals. Therefore, symptomatic PARA-induced improvement in bacterial respiratory disease control with DOX is more likely caused by its analgesic/antipyretic effects than by its orexigenic effect. Interindividual variation in the AUC of DOX was large in pigs given group medication, even when sufficient feeding space was allowed and the amount of feed offered was greater than their requirements. Therefore, future studies to improve the efficacy of group antibiotic therapy should focus on feeding behavior characteristics as well as biopharmaceutical properties of medicated feeds.
Few data are available on post-prandial changes of plasma amino acids (AAs) in horses and on the repeatability and the individual variance on different sampling days. The objective of the present study was to measure pre- and post-prandial concentrations of plasma AA in 10 yearling horses. Blood samples were taken on days 1 and 40 of the study before feeding of hay, oats and soya meal and over an 8 h post-prandial period in 2-h intervals. The plasma AAs were measured by high-pressure liquid chromatography after ortho-phthalaldehyde derivatization. Mean fasting concentrations of the AAs were not significantly influenced by the individuum and sampling day. Repeatability of the fasting AA levels in the individual horses on two different sampling days was only found for histidine, 3-methylhistidine, methionine, tryptophan and taurine. While the absolute post-prandial AA concentrations differed between sampling days, the relative changes were comparable. All AA concentrations except 3-methylhistidine increased after feeding by 13% to more than 200% of their fasting values if the combined data of both days were analysed. Four hours after feeding the concentrations of arginine, asparagine, lysine, leucine, isoleucine and threonine, decreased more than 20%. Histidine, methionine, phenylalanine, valine, tryptophan, glutamine, glycine, tyrosine and taurine concentrations decreased by less than 20%. Concentrations of aspartic acid, glutamic acid, ornithine, serine and citrulline remained elevated. Most AA approached the fasting concentrations at 8 h, only glycine increased between 6 and 8 h after meal and 3-methyl-histidine concentrations were constant throughout the entire period. In conclusion, the pre-prandial plasma AA in horses appeared less influenced by individuum or sampling day than post-prandial plasma AA concentrations. Therefore, plasma AA concentrations should be interpreted only under well-defined conditions, especially regarding the feeding regimen.
OBJECTIVE: The Radiumhemmets Scale of Disease-Specific Symptom Assessment-Prostate Cancer has been used in several studies. However, no test-retest reliability study of it has been conducted concerning the assessment of urinary, anal sphincter or large bowel function. The aim of this study was to evaluate the reliability of items assessing these functions. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We investigated 89 prostate cancer patients randomly selected from a group of patients diagnosed in Stockholm. The patients answered 24 questions assessing anal sphincter, large bowel and urinary function twice, with a 3-week interval in-between, to assess reliability. RESULTS: Most of the questions assessing bowel and urinary symptoms showed substantial or near-perfect agreement. The kappa value for bowel symptom items was > or = 0.60 for all items, except for defecation urgency (0.40-0.55). The kappa value for urinary symptom items varied between 0.43 and 1.0, except for urinary urgency (0.30-0.39). CONCLUSIONS: When comparing the impact of different symptoms of anal sphincter, large bowel or urinary tract dysfunction, it may be important to consider that defecation urgency and urinary urgency have the highest measuring error (low reliability). This error dilutes assessed associations with, for example, decreased quality of life. Nevertheless, the test-retest reliability for anal sphincter, large bowel and urinary symptoms indicates that surveys yield meaningful information. 
Selenium species were determined using HPLC/ICPMS and HPLC/vapor generation/ICPMS in the urine from seven human volunteers investigated at background selenium concentrations and at slightly elevated concentrations after ingestion of 200 microg Se as a selenite supplement. Trimethylselenonium ion (TMSe) was present, together with selenosugars, in the urine samples, a result that dispels recent doubts about its possible previous misidentification with a cationic selenosugar. Although TMSe was present as only a trace metabolite in urine from five of the seven volunteers (0.02-0.28 microg Se/L, equivalent to 1-5% of the sum of selenosugars and TMSe), it was a significant metabolite (up to 4.6 microg Se/L, 22%) in one volunteer, and it was the major identified metabolite (up to 15 microg Se/L, 53%) in another volunteer. This marked individual variability in the formation of TMSe was maintained in a duplicate investigation of urine from the same seven volunteers.
Adipose tissue is a highly plastic tissue with an important endocrine and metabolic function. To understand its role in human health and disease, it is necessary to understand the extent of variation and the specific differences within and between different depots and subjects. We employed cDNA microarray analysis to investigate this in human subjects ranging from lean to mildly obese. We observe (1) high similarity between different samples of one adipose depot, (2) only small differences between the subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue depot and (3) larger differences in gene expression between different individuals (per depot). The major variation within adipose depots can be attributed to differences in the non-adipocyte component of adipose tissue. Using only non-obese subjects, we identified genes that were consistently differentially expressed between subcutaneous and omental adipose tissue, despite the variation in gene expression between these subjects. Using quantitative real time polymerase chain reaction (PCR), fatty acid binding protein 4 (FABP4), vimentin (Vim), four and a half LIMs domains (FHL1), CD36 (all higher in subcutaneous adipose tissue) and Matrix Gla protein (MGP; lower in subcutaneous adipose tissue) were confirmed to be significantly differentially expressed between depots.
AIMS: The objective of this study was to assess interindividual variability in trough concentrations of plasma of non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NNRTI) and protease inhibitors (PI) among HIV-infected adults in a routine outpatient setting. METHODS: One hundred and seventeen patients who attended our clinic for routine blood tests, and who were receiving antiretroviral therapy which included NNRTI or PI were studied. Patients were not informed that drug concentrations were going to be measured until blood sampling. The times of the last antiretroviral dose and of blood sampling were recorded. Drug concentrations were considered optimal if they were above the proposed minimum effective value. In addition, efavirenz, nevirapine and atazanavir concentrations were considered potentially toxic if they were > 4.0 mg l(-1), > 6.0 mg l(-1) and > 0.85 mg l(-1), respectively. RESULTS: Overall, interindividual variability of NNRTI and PI concentrations in plasma was approximately 50%, and only 68.4% of the patients had drug concentrations within the proposed therapeutic range. Poor adherence explained only 35% of subtherapeutic drug concentrations. CONCLUSION: Interindividual variability in trough concentrations of NNRTI and PI among HIV-infected adults is large in routine clinical practice, with drug concentrations being outside the therapeutic window in a significant proportion of patients. These findings provide further evidence that therapeutic drug monitoring may be useful to guide antiretroviral therapy in clinical practice. 
OBJECTIVE: Recent studies show the importance of controlling blood glucose variability in relationship to both reducing hypoglycemia and attenuating the risk for cardiovascular and behavioral complications due to hyperglycemia. It is therefore important to design variability measures that are equally predictive of low and high blood glucose excursions. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We introduce the average daily risk range (ADRR), a variability measure computed from routine self-monitored blood glucose (SMBG) data. The ADRR was constructed using a development dataset for 39 and 31 adults with type 1 and type 2 diabetes, respectively. The formula was then fixed, and the ADRR was compared against other variability measures using an independent validation dataset containing approximately 4 months of SMBG for 254 and 81 adults with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. RESULTS: From the 1st month of validation SMBG data, we computed the ADRR, blood glucose SD and coefficient of variation, daily blood glucose range and interquartile range, mean amplitude of glycemic excursion, M-value, and lability index. Then all measures were tested as predictors of low blood glucose (<2.2 mmol/l; <3.9 mmol/l) and high (>10 mmol/l; >22.2 mmol/l) events in the subsequent 3 months. The ADRR was the best predictor of both hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia, with a 6-fold increase in the likelihood of hypoglycemia and 3.5-fold increase in the likelihood of hyperglycemia across its risk categories. CONCLUSIONS: In a large SMBG database, the ADRR showed strong association with subsequent out-of-control glucose readings. Compared with other variability measures, the ADRR demonstrated a superior balance of sensitivity to predicting both hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia. This prediction was independent from type of diabetes. 
BACKGROUND: We recently demonstrated that the promoter of the RASSF1A gene is hypermethylated in the placenta and hypomethylated in maternal blood cells. This methylation pattern allows the use of methylation-sensitive restriction enzyme digestion for detecting the placental-derived hypermethylated RASSF1A sequences in maternal plasma. METHODS: We performed real-time PCR after methylation-sensitive restriction enzyme digestion to detect placental-derived RASSF1A sequences in the plasma of 28 1st-trimester and 43 3rd-trimester pregnant women. We used maternal plasma to perform prenatal fetal rhesus D (RhD) blood group typing for 54 early-gestation RhD-negative women, with hypermethylated RASSF1A as the positive control for fetal DNA detection. RESULTS: Hypermethylated RASSF1A sequences were detectable in the plasma of all 71 pregnant women. The genotype of plasma RASSF1A after enzyme digestion was identical to the fetal genotype in each case, thus confirming its fetal origin. Nineteen of the 54 pregnant women undergoing prenatal fetal RhD genotyping showed undetectable RHD sequences in their plasma DNA samples. The fetal DNA control, RASSF1A, was not detectable in 4 of the 19 women. Subsequent chorionic villus sample analysis revealed that 2 of these 4 women with negative RHD and RASSF1A signals were in fact carrying RhD-positive fetuses. CONCLUSIONS: Hypermethylated RASSF1A is a universal marker for fetal DNA and is readily detectable in maternal plasma. When applied to prenatal RhD genotyping, this marker allows the detection of false-negative results caused by low fetal DNA concentrations in maternal plasma. This new marker can also be applied to many other prenatal diagnostic and monitoring scenarios. 
INTRODUCTION: We analysed the influence of three polymorphisms of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) (I/D from angiotensin-converting enzyme [ACE], M235T from angiotensinogen gene [ATG] and A1166C from AT1 receptors) on plasma levels of angiotensin I (Ang I), angiotensin II (Ang II) and angiotensin-(1-7) [Ang-(1-7)]. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study population consisted of a homogeneous group of 93 healthy subjects (43 men and 50 women, mean age: 20.67+/-2.75 years). The mean blood pressure (BP) was 126+/-7/76+/-5 (SD) mmHg and the mean body mass index (BMI) was 22.4+/-2.5 kg/m2. Angiotensin peptides were separated by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and quantified by radio immuno assay (RIA). Genotypes were determined by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and restriction enzyme analysis. RESULTS: Mean peptide levels were 92.48+/-102.12 pg/ml for Ang I, 22.35+/-10 pg/ml for Ang II, and 31.65+/-27.46 pg/ml for Ang-(1-7). Men had significantly higher levels of Ang-(1-7) (37.76+/-36.47 pg/ml) than women (26.04+/-13.98 pg/ml) (p<0.05). Among genotypes of each polymorphism, men with the T allele showed higher Ang- (1-7) levels compared with those with the MM genotype (p<0.05). Genotype analysis in women showed that higher Ang I levels were related with the DD genotype. When both genders were compared according to genotype, higher values of Ang-(1-7) levels and its molar ratios were found in men, and there was significantly greater Ang I levels in DD genotypes in women than men (136.72+/-112.43 vs . 65.36+/-46.83 pg/mL). CONCLUSIONS: Significant correlations were found between Ang I and Ang II as well as between Ang II and Ang-(1-7) in the different study group distributions. No correlation was found between levels of Ang I and Ang-(1-7). Certain genotypes exert an influence on angiotensin peptide plasma levels which can only be seen when the population is divided according to gender. 
Hepcidin participates in the regulation of iron homeostasis and its precursor pro-hepcidin can be measured in serum. We evaluated pro-hepcidin serum concentrations in healthy subjects and the possible effects of iron supplementation on the results. The results suggest extensive physiological variation in serum pro-hepcidin concentrations between healthy subjects with no symptoms or signs of anaemia, infections, inflammations, chronic disease or other interpretative factors. Before pro-hepcidin measurements can be used in clinical practise, further investigations are required to identify the physiological factors affecting normal serum pro-hepcidin variations in healthy subjects. The responses of serum pro-hepcidin to a 100-mg oral dose of iron also showed considerable inter-individual variation. In male subjects, no systematic changes in serum pro-hepcidin concentrations were found and the increase in serum iron was fairly modest. In nine out of the ten female subjects who had rather low amounts of storage iron, iron supplementation was followed by an increase in both serum iron and serum pro-hepcidin concentrations. There were considerable inter-individual differences in the timing and magnitude of the response. We also evaluated the conceivable influences of sample storage and freeze-thaw cycles on the results of serum pro-hepcidin ELISA. We did not observe any changes in the results after serum samples were frozen and thawed up to four times and/or stored at room temperature for up to 6 h.
An odor discrimination apparatus was used to quantify the reaction of rats against odor differences of estrous and diestrous urine of cows. Rats were trained to release impulses from a microswitch when they came into contact with estrous but not diestrous urine. After training, the discrimination ability was highly significant (P< or = 0.001) between both urine types. The reaction was specific for cow urine, and no significant discrimination occurred for estrous and diestrous urine from pigs or goats, or that of women. The discrimination of urine diluted with water was still highly significant up to 1:25. Another group of rats was trained to detect camphor. Decreasing concentrations were detected down to 0.1/microg/ml when diluted in water, and down to 1/microg/ml when diluted in estrous urine. Once trained to discriminate between estrous and diestrous urine, rats maintained this ability for 12 mo. Thus, a bioassay was set up to accompany fractionation steps in the laboratory which could lead to the isolation of estrous pheromones in cow urine.
Voriconazole (VRC) is a broad-spectrum antifungal triazole with nonlinear pharmacokinetics. The utility of measurement of voriconazole blood levels for optimizing therapy is a matter of debate. Available high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and bioassay methods are technically complex, time-consuming, or have a narrow analytical range. Objectives of the present study were to develop new, simple analytical methods and to assess variability of voriconazole blood levels in patients with invasive mycoses. Acetonitrile precipitation, reverse-phase separation, and UV detection were used for HPLC. A voriconazole-hypersusceptible Candida albicans mutant lacking multidrug efflux transporters (cdr1Delta/cdr1Delta, cdr2Delta/cdr2Delta, flu1Delta/flu1Delta, and mdr1Delta/mdr1Delta) and calcineurin subunit A (cnaDelta/cnaDelta) was used for bioassay. Mean intra-/interrun accuracies over the VRC concentration range from 0.25 to 16 mg/liter were 93.7% +/- 5.0%/96.5% +/- 2.4% (HPLC) and 94.9% +/- 6.1%/94.7% +/- 3.3% (bioassay). Mean intra-/interrun coefficients of variation were 5.2% +/- 1.5%/5.4% +/- 0.9% and 6.5% +/- 2.5%/4.0% +/- 1.6% for HPLC and bioassay, respectively. The coefficient of concordance between HPLC and bioassay was 0.96. Sequential measurements in 10 patients with invasive mycoses showed important inter- and intraindividual variations of estimated voriconazole area under the concentration-time curve (AUC): median, 43.9 mg x h/liter (range, 12.9 to 71.1) on the first and 27.4 mg x h/liter (range, 2.9 to 93.1) on the last day of therapy. During therapy, AUC decreased in five patients, increased in three, and remained unchanged in two. A toxic encephalopathy probably related to the increase of the VRC AUC (from 71.1 to 93.1 mg x h/liter) was observed. The VRC AUC decreased (from 12.9 to 2.9 mg x h/liter) in a patient with persistent signs of invasive aspergillosis. These preliminary observations suggest that voriconazole over- or underexposure resulting from variability of blood levels might have clinical implications. Simple HPLC and bioassay methods offer new tools for monitoring voriconazole therapy.
INTRODUCTION: The laboratory determination of testosterone levels consistent with a diagnosis of hypogonadism is complicated by the availability of multiple testosterone assays and varying reference ranges. AIM: To assess current laboratory practices regarding availability of testosterone assays and use of reference values. METHODS: A telephone survey of 12 academic, 12 community medical laboratories, and one national laboratory. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Types of androgen assays offered and determination of reference values. RESULTS: All of the academic and eight of the community centers performed total testosterone testing. Free testosterone was performed in-house by six of the 12 academic and one community center. Testing for bioavailable testosterone, free androgen index, and percent free testosterone was performed in-house by no more than two centers. There were eight and four different assays used for total and free testosterone, respectively. One national laboratory offered equilibrium dialysis measurement of free testosterone. Of the 25 labs, there were 17 and 13 different sets of reference values for total and free testosterone, respectively. The low reference value for total testosterone ranged from 130 to 450 ng/dL (350% difference), and the upper value ranged from 486 to 1,593 ng/dL (325% difference). Age-adjusted reference values were applied in four centers for total testosterone and in seven labs for free testosterone. All reference values were based on a standard statistical model without regard for clinical aspects of hypogonadism. Twenty-three of the 25 lab directors responded that clinically relevant testosterone reference ranges would be preferable to current standards. CONCLUSIONS: Laboratory reference values for testosterone vary widely, and are established without clinical considerations. 
AIM: Blood flow in peripheral conduit arteries during steady-state, dynamic exercise, can be estimated noninvasively with Doppler ultrasound, by measuring the conduit arterial diameter and the mean blood velocity averaged over consecutive cardiac beat-by-beat cycles (BB(cycle)) or muscle contraction-relaxation cycles (CR(cycle)). The precise impact fluctuations in the 1-BB(cycle)- or 1-CR(cycle)-rate may impose on the average blood flow measurements has previously not been clearly defined. The hypothesis investigated in the present study was that the blood flow measurements obtained, and its variability, during exercise, may differ between the 1-BB(cycle) and 1-CR(cycle) at incremental exercise intensities; as the BB(cycle)-measurements may be influenced by transient alterations in heart rate; whereas the CR(cycle)-measurements are dependent on the muscle contraction-relaxation frequencies independent of the exercise intensities per se. The main purpose was therefore to determine if fluctuations in blood flow for 1-BB(cycle) and 1-CR(cycle)varies at incremental exercise intensities (work rates) using the one-legged dynamic knee-extensor exercise (DKE) model. METHODS: Limb femoral artery blood flow (LBF) was determined, for 1-BB(cycle) and 1-CR(cycle), in 8 healthy male subjects during 4-min of steady-state DKE at 60 contractions per minute at 10, 20, 30 and 40 W. The variability of LBF was determined from the coefficients of variation (CVLBF). RESULTS: The CV(LBF) for the CR(cycle)-measurements at each work rate were similar (P=NS). The CV(LBF) for the BB(cycle)-measurements were higher (P<0.05) at 40 W compared to at 10 W. Furthermore, the CV(LBF) for the 1-BB(cycle) was higher (P<0.05) than for the 1-CR(cycle) at 30 and 40 W, despite almost identical mean LBF values for the BB(cycle)- and the CR(cycle)-measurements at each exercise intensity. CONCLUSIONS: The present data suggests that estimates of LBF at slightly higher exercise intensities such as above 30 W, for a few number of consecutive BB(cycle), renders a higher variability than for CR(cycle)-measurements. This may consequently result in slight over- and under-estimations of LBF compared to the CR(cycle)-measurement. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine whether the variability of cardiorespiratory measurements is smaller when administering desflurane at a multiple of the individual's minimum alveolar concentration (MAC) or at a predetermined, identical concentration in all subjects. ANIMALS: 10 dogs. PROCEDURES: Desflurane was administered at 1.5 times the individual's MAC (iMAC) and 1.5 times the group's MAC (gMAC). The order of concentrations was randomly selected. Heart rate, respiratory rate, arterial blood pressure, central venous pressure, mean pulmonary artery pressure, pulmonary artery occlusion pressure, arterial and mixed-venous blood gas tensions and pH, and cardiac output were measured. The desflurane concentration required to achieve a mean arterial pressure (MAP) of 60 mm Hg was then determined. Finally, the desflurane concentration required to achieve an end-tidal PCO(2) of 55 mm Hg was measured. RESULTS: Variances when administering 1.5 iMAC or 1.5 gMAC were not significantly different for any variable studied. Differences between the MAC multiples needed to reach an MAP of 60 mm Hg and the mean of the sample were significantly larger when gMAC was used, compared with iMAC, indicating that a multiple of iMAC better predicted the concentration resulting in a MAP of 60 mm Hg. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Results suggest that, in a small group of dogs, variability in cardiorespiratory measurements among dogs is unlikely to differ whether an inhalant anesthetic is administered at a multiple of the iMAC in each dog or at an identical gMAC in all dogs. 
BACKGROUND: Within-person variability in measured values of a risk factor can bias its association with disease. The extent of this regression dilution bias for plasma fibrinogen was investigated using repeat measurement data collected at varying time intervals on 27 247 adults in 15 prospective studies. METHODS: Regression dilution ratios (RDRs) were estimated from a linear regression of repeat measurements on baseline values in each study and for each time interval, and pooled allowing for within- and between-study heterogeneity. RDRs were estimated both without and with adjustment for confounders, and factors were investigated that might influence the RDRs. RESULTS: The unadjusted overall RDR was 0.51 (95% CI: 0.47, 0.55), which decreased to 0.46 (95% CI: 0.42, 0.49) after adjustment for age, sex and measured values of other established vascular risk factors. The RDR did not vary materially by assay method, age, sex or smoking status, but decreased at higher levels of baseline fibrinogen. CONCLUSION: It is appropriate to use an RDR of 0.5 to correct approximately for regression dilution bias in plasma fibrinogen values; however, this correction factor may produce somewhat conservative hazard ratios in adjusted analyses, at higher fibrinogen concentrations and in follow-up beyond a decade. More generally, the methods described in this report have widespread applicability to quantifying regression dilution bias in repeatability data from multiple prospective studies. 
Seabird productivity is shaped by marine resource availability. We examined the link between seabird productivity and an indirect measure of food availability: baseline plasma corticosterone. We predicted low productivity would coincide with elevated baseline corticosterone levels in Black-legged Kittiwakes (Rissa tridactyla). During a 5-year period of declining Kittiwake productivity in Chiniak Bay, Kodiak Island, Alaska, we found increasing baseline corticosterone levels during both incubation and chick-rearing. Significantly lower baseline corticosterone levels were observed in the years with the highest Kittiwake productivity and the least productive years exhibited the greatest baseline corticosterone levels in Kittiwakes. Although we did not measure food availability, declining Kittiwake productivity was consistent with warming ocean temperatures and decreased availability of forage fishes to apex predators. Baseline corticosterone measurements may help researchers assess how Kittiwakes are responding to variations in the marine environment.
Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is a multifactorial disease with various host and environmental factors involved in its etiology. Of these, aflatoxin exposure has been established as an important risk factor in the development of HCC; the presence of aflatoxin-albumin (AA) adducts in the blood serves as a valuable biomarker of human exposure. In this study, the relationship between a variety of different HCC host factors and the incidence of AA adduct levels was examined in a Ghanaian population at high risk for HCC. These factors included age, gender, hepatitis virus B (HVB) and hepatitis C virus (HCV) status, and genetic polymorphisms in both microsomal epoxide hydrolase (mEH) and glutathione S-transferases (GSTs). Blood samples were analyzed for AA adducts and HBV and HCV status. GSTM1 and GSTT1 deletion polymorphisms and mEH exon 3 and exon 4 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were determined from urine samples. In univariate analysis, age, HBV and HVC status, and GSTT1 and mEH exon 3 genotypes were not associated with AA adduct levels. However, mean adduct levels were significantly higher in both females and individuals typed heterozygous for mEH exon 4 (vs. wild types). Stratification analysis also showed that gender along with mEH exon 4 genotype and HBV status had a significant effect on adduct levels. Both females typed HBsAg+ and males with mEH exon 4 heterozygote genotypes showed significantly higher adduct levels as compared to the HBsAg- and wild types, respectively. Understanding the relationships between these host factors and the variability in aflatoxin-adduct levels may help in identifying susceptible populations in developing countries and for targeting specific public health interventions for the prevention of aflatoxicoses in populations with HCC and chronic liver diseases.
Aripiprazole is a new atypical antipsychotic drug with a partial agonist activity at dopamine 2 and serotonin 1A receptors. The metabolism of aripiprazole involves both cytochrome P450 2D6 (CYP2D6) and CYP3A4. This study investigated the pharmacokinetic variability of aripiprazole and the active metabolite dehydroaripiprazole on the basis of 155 drug monitoring samples from psychiatric patients treated with therapeutic doses of aripiprazole (10-30 mg/day). Serum concentrations of drug and metabolite were determined by liquid chromatographic and tandem mass spectrometric detection. Pharmacokinetic variability was expressed as the range in concentration/dose (C/D) ratios, and the effect of sex and occasionally coprescribed CYP2D6 or CYP3A4 inhibitors/inducers was studied. In addition, the dose-concentration relationship and combined interquartile range of concentrations obtained at low dose (10-15 mg/day) and high dose (20-30 mg/day) were described. Individual C/D ratios ranged 37-fold for aripiprazole, 78-fold for dehydroaripiprazole, and 27-fold for the active sum of aripiprazole + dehydroaripiprazole. Median C/D ratios in male and female patients differed by less than 15%, and none of the differences were significant (P > 0.14). Cases of concurrent CYP3A4 inducers/inhibitors were not found, but three patients were coprescribed the potent CYP2D6 inhibitors paroxetine or fluoxetine. No consistent difference in C/D ratio was observed in these three patients compared with the rest of the patients. There was a proportional dose-concentration relationship in the population, and the combined interquartile ranges were 230 to 960 nmol/L for aripiprazole and 330 to 1210 nmol/L for aripiprazole + dehydroaripiprazole. In conclusion, pharmacokinetic variability of aripiprazole is extensive in psychiatric patients but apparently not dependent on dose or sex. The variability of the pharmacologic active sum of aripiprazole + dehydroaripiprazole is 25% to 30% less than aripiprazole, suggesting that variability of aripiprazole is partly determined by metabolism to dehydroaripiprazole.
In long-day breeders like horses, the length of nocturnal melatonin secretion is the main messenger of photoperiod. Previous studies have shown that the nocturnal jugular melatonin concentration is lower in horses, than in mules but is unknown in donkeys. The aim of this study was to estimate the inter-animal variability of plasma melatonin concentration in domestic mares and to compare this concentration with those observed in domestic jennies and in their hybrid mules. In the autumn, blood samples were collected at 22 h, 23 h, 0 h and 1 h during 2 nights at 3 weeks intervals, in 110 pony mares, 10 jennies and 6 mules maintained under natural photoperiod. Melatonin was assayed by a validated RIA method. The statistical analysis of the measures was done with a specific unbalanced analysis of variance model. The effect of species and individuals (nested under species) was highly significant. The mean melatonin concentration was 24 pg.mL(-1) in mares and was significantly lower than in jennies and in mules which were 90 pg.mL(-1) and 169 pg.mL(-1) respectively. The melatonin plasma concentration was higher in jennies than in mares. These results suggest that the melatonin concentration is genetically determined.
The objective of this study is to evaluate the effect of cryopreservation at different storage temperatures on urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin (aMT6s) concentration. Overnight urine from 28 postmenopausal women participating in the ORDET cohort study was filtered and separated into 6 mL aliquots. Urine samples were stored at -80 degrees C and at -30 degrees C for an average of 14 years. Urinary aMT6s concentration was assessed using a competitive immunoassay. Mean aMT6s values of samples stored at -30 degrees C were systematically lower than those of samples stored at -80 degrees C (10.7 ng/mL versus 15.8 ng/mL, p<0.001). Bland Altman plots showed disagreement between determinations at different storage temperatures at the highest levels of the metabolite concentration. The degree of agreement evaluated in terms of intraclass correlation coefficient was 0.68 (95% CI 0.41-0.84, p<0.0001). Pearson's correlation coefficient between aMT6s values of the two differently stored samples was 0.93 (p<0.001), while the Kendal tau coefficient for rank distribution was 0.73 (p<0.001). Our data suggest that storage temperatures might affect degradation of aMT6s during storage. However, individual characterization by melatonin levels does not seem to be affected by cryopreservation conditions.
gamma-Glutamyl carboxylation, a reaction essential for the activity of vitamin K-dependent proteins, requires the concerted actions of gamma-glutamyl carboxylase (GGCX), vitamin K 2, 3-epoxide reductase complex 1 (VKORC1), and the chaperone calumenin (CALU). We evaluated the contribution of genetic polymorphisms in VKORC1, GGCX, and CALU to interindividual variation in the activities of plasma protein C and protein S. We sequenced these 3 genes in 96 Japanese individuals and geno-typed 9 representative single-nucleotide polymorphisms in 3655 Japanese individuals representative of the general population. The mean activity of protein C in women bearing the GG genotype of GGCX 8016G>A (130.8% +/- 1.5%, n = 156) was significantly greater (P = .002) than that of individuals with either the AG (126.8% +/- 0.7%, n = 728) or the AA (125.4% +/- 0.6%, n = 881) genotype, after adjusting for confounding factors. The GGCX 8016G>A change leads to the substitution of Gin for Arg at amino acid residue 325 (Arg 325 Gln). This effect was comparable to that of a previously defined polymorphism in the protein C promoter. Mean protein S activity was influenced by the VKORC1 3730G>A and CALU 20943T>A genotypes, after adjusting for confounding factors. Thus, polymorphisms in genes involved in the vitamin K-dependent gamma-carboxylation reaction influence interindividual variation in the activities of protein C and protein S in the general population.
AIMS: The objective of this study was to assess interindividual variability in plasma trough concentrations of non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NNRTI) and protease inhibitors (PI) among HIV-infected adults in an outpatient routine clinical practice setting. METHODS: The study included 117 patients who attended our clinic for routine outpatient blood tests and who were receiving antiretroviral therapy which included NNRTI or PI. Patients were not informed that drug concentrations were going to be assessed until blood sampling. The time of the last antiretroviral treatment intake and blood sampling were recorded. Drug concentrations were considered optimal if they were above the proposed minimum effective concentration. In addition, efavirenz, nevirapine and atazanavir concentrations were considered potentially toxic if they were higher than 4.0 mg l(-1), 6.0 mg l(-1), and 0.85 mg l(-1), respectively. RESULTS: Overall, interindividual variability in NNRTI and PI plasma concentrations was approximately 50%, and only 68.4% of the patients had drug concentrations within the proposed therapeutic range. Inappropriate adherence only explained 35% of subtherapeutic drug concentrations. CONCLUSION: Interindividual variability in trough concentrations of NNRTI and PI among HIV-infected adults is large in routine clinical practice, with drug concentrations being outside the therapeutic window in a significant proportion of patients. Therapeutic drug monitoring may be useful to guide antiretroviral therapy in clinical practice. 
BACKGROUND: Children with sickle cell disease (SCD) are at elevated risk of stroke. Risk increases with blood flow velocity in selected cerebral arteries, as measured by transcranial Doppler (TCD) ultrasound, and use of TCD to screen these patients is widely recommended. Interpretation of TCD results should be based on knowledge of intra-individual variation in blood flow velocity, information not currently available for sickle cell patients. PROCEDURES: Between 1995 and 2002, 4,141 subjects, 2-16 years old, with homozygous SCD or Sbeta0-thalasemmia and no history of stroke were screened with TCD, including 2,018 subjects screened in one clinical trial (STOP), 1,816 screened in another (STOP 2), and 307 screened in an interim ancillary prospective study. The 812 subjects with >or=2 examinations<6 months apart were selected for analysis, including 242 (29.8%) subjects with normal average velocities (i.e., <170 cm/sec), 350 (43.1%) subjects with conditional velocities (i.e., 170-199 cm/sec), and 220 (27.1%) subjects with abnormal velocities (i.e., >or=200 cm/sec). The intra-subject standard deviation of TCD velocity was estimated from the difference between velocities at the first two interpretable examinations on each subject. RESULTS: An intra-subject standard deviation of 14.9 cm/sec was obtained. Seven (0.9%) subjects had unusually large and unexplained differences between velocities at the two examinations (range of absolute differences: 69-112 cm/sec). CONCLUSIONS: While stroke risk is well demonstrated to increase with increasingly abnormal TCD velocity, given the relatively large intra-subject variability, one TCD examination is generally not sufficient to characterize stroke risk in this patient population. 
BACKGROUND: The relevance of glycosaminoglycan determination in biological fluids is gradually gaining importance in the literature. Nevertheless, the results obtained by different methods vary widely. We evaluated 1,9-dimethylmethylene blue (DMB) dye-binding assays for quantification of urinary glycosaminoglycans, in comparison to densitometry after agarose gel electrophoresis. METHODS: Urinary glycosaminoglycans from different mammalian species were quantified by 3 different DMB dye-binding assays. The results were compared to those obtained by densitometry after agarose gel electrophoresis of glycosaminoglycans isolated from urine samples by ion exchange chromatography. RESULTS: Densitometry after agarose gel electrophoresis showed glycosaminoglycan urinary concentrations of 1-20 mg/l, and glycosaminoglycan/creatinine ratios of 2-25x10(-3), for all the mammalian species here studied. A decrease with age was observed for humans, cats and horses. In comparison, DMB assays gave much higher results - up to 200 mg/l and 500x10(-3) glycosaminoglycan/creatinine ratios. These values were greatly reduced after 4-h dialysis, suggesting that low molecular weight compounds do interfere. Furthermore, urinary anions such as sulfate, phosphate and citrate, react with metachromatic dyes, such as Toluidine Blue and DMB. CONCLUSION: DMB assays, although rapid and simple, are not appropriate to quantify urinary glycosaminoglycans in normal mammalians, since other urinary components interfere with the reactions. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reproducibility and accuracy of 4 portable pH meters, a reagent strip, and pH paper for measuring urine pH in dogs. DESIGN: Prospective masked randomized study. SAMPLE POPULATION: 201 free-catch urine samples from 114 hospitalized dogs. PROCEDURES: Urine samples were divided into 2-mL aliquots. Measurements of urine pH were obtained by use of a laboratory benchtop pH meter, 4 portable pH meters, a urine reagent strip, and pH paper. The pH of each aliquot was measured within 4 hours of collection by an evaluator unaware of the aliquot's origin. To assess reproducibility, the coefficient of variation for each pH measurement device was calculated. To determine which device was most accurate, the degree of agreement among the different devices was assessed in comparison with the benchtop pH meter, which was considered the reference method. RESULTS: 3 of the 4 portable pH meters had nearly perfect agreement with the reference method. The reagent strip and pH paper had moderate to poor agreement with the reference method. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Urine pH measurements should be made by use of a portable or benchtop pH meter when accurate measurements are crucial for diagnosis or treatment. Reagent strips and pH papers are useful in obtaining pH approximations but are not recommended when accurate measurements of urine pH are required. 
Phosphorylation of histone H2AX on serine 139 (gamma-H2AX, gammaH2AX) occurs at sites flanking DNA double-strand breaks (DSBs) and can provide a measure of the number of DSBs within a cell. Here we describe a rapid and simple flow-cytometry-based method, optimized to measure gamma-H2AX in non-fixed peripheral blood cells. No DSB induced signal was observed in H2AX-/- cells indicating that our FACS method specifically recognized gamma-H2AX accumulation. The gamma-H2AX assay was capable of detecting DNA damage at levels 100-fold below the detection limit of the alkaline comet assay. The gamma-H2AX signal was quantitative with a linear increase of the gamma-H2AX signal over two orders of magnitude. We found that all nucleated blood cell types examined, including the short-lived neutrophils induce gamma-H2AX in response to DSBs. Interindividual difference in the gamma-H2AX signal in response to ionizing radiation and the DSB-inducing drug calicheamicin was almost 2-fold in blood cells from patients, indicating that the amount of gamma-H2AX produced in response to a given dose of radiation varies significantly in the human population. This simple method could be used to monitor response to radiation or DNA-damaging drugs.
BACKGROUND: Changes in the levels of homovanillic acid in blood plasma (pHVA) may reflect changes which occur in the brain. In healthy individuals, this concentration of pHVA is stable over time. METHODS: Over the course of one month, we studied 98 acute schizophrenic patients who had not been taking any medication but were administered neuroleptics upon hospital admission, together with 23 chronic schizophrenic patients on long-term treatment from whom medication was withdrawn. Blood samples were taken at regular intervals from each individual and the concentration of plasma homovanillic acid was measured. RESULTS: We found relative stable values of pHVA with an intraclass correlation coefficient of 0.363 in acute patients and 0.638 (p<0.0001) in chronic patients, although no differences were found in mean values (13.79 and 14.18 microg/L, respectively) or in the variation range (7.20 to 26.7 microg/L and 6.96 to 29.96 microg/L respectively). The index of individuality was calculated to be 1.36 in acute patients and 0.74 in chronic patients. CONCLUSIONS: Despite the wide range of values in the concentration of pHVA and the presence of pharmacological stimuli, we found a certain reproducibility in the levels of this dopamine metabolite. These findings are consistent with the idea that the dopaminergic activity is characterized by a constitutive value which would be under genetic control. The higher stability observed in chronic patients may reflect a weaker, age-related dopaminergic plasticity; conversely, it may indicate that a lack of plasticity in response to a pharmacological stimulus may be an indicator of poorer prognosis. 
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Previously, we reported that although human parvovirus B19 in albumin and intravenous immunoglobulin preparations was rapidly inactivated during liquid heating, in contrast to other parvoviruses such as canine parvovirus, sensitivity to heat was highly dependent on the composition of the solution. In this study, we aimed to further elucidate the sensitivity to heat of B19 in haptoglobin and antithrombin (previously named antithrombin III) preparations during liquid heating. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Two different solutions collected immediately before heat treatment of haptoglobin and antithrombin preparations were spiked with B19 and subsequently treated at 60 degrees C for 10 h. B19 DNA-positive, anti-B19 IgG/IgM-negative plasma was used as a source of B19. The residual infectivity in each sample was measured using a B19 cell-based infectivity assay with an mRNA polymerase chain reaction. RESULTS: B19 in different plasma preparations showed different heat-sensitivity patterns during liquid heating: (i) slow inactivation in haptoglobin preparations, and (ii) only limited inactivation in antithrombin preparations. The kinetics of inactivation was greatly different from that in our previous studies in which the virus was shown to be rapidly inactivated in albumin and intravenous immunoglobulin preparations. CONCLUSION: B19 has unique properties in terms of heat sensitivity, depending on the composition of the solution during liquid heating. This finding may indicate the need for caution when interpreting the sensitivity of B19 to heat. 
Assessment of replenishment kinetics (RK) following ultrasound-induced destruction of contrast microbubbles allows quantification of myocardial blood flow reserve (MBFR) applying the model f (t) = A (1 - e(-betat)), with parameter beta describing mean flow velocity and parameter A representing blood volume. However, few data on the variability and reproducibility of RK in a clinical setting are available. Therefore, we examined 30 patients in a rest-adenosine protocol in one center. Off-line quantification of real-time perfusion imaging (RTPI) and triggered replenishment imaging (TRI) was performed at two sites and compared with coronary angiography and flow reserve measurements. Parameter A was found to be robust in all investigated segments (coefficient of variation (CV) < 7.2%+/- 5.1). Variability was lowest for parameter beta using TRI in apical segments (CV 6.5%+/- 5.2, P < 0.01). Highest CV was found with RTPI in lateral segments (CV : 39.8%+/- 40.6). Concerning day-to-day reproducibility both methods revealed similar results within range of heterogeneity of myocardial blood flow. Both sites obtained significantly lower MBFR in patients with flow-limiting CAD, compared to subjects without (P < 0.01). Correlation of both sites showed close relationship (y = 0.88x + 0.45, r = 0.83, P < 0.0001), without systematic bias. TRI significantly reduces variability of RK in quantitative MCE. Assessment of MBFR allows investigator-independent evaluation of CAD.
BACKGROUND: The effect of temperature and humidity on the reliability of glucose monitoring systems (GMS) has not been well reported. We performed a study to determine if the effect of temperature and humidity on glucose values could be accurately predicted. METHODS: Eight GMS, including meter, strips, and glucose control solution (GCS), were placed in an environmental chamber for 50 days. Failure of the environmental chamber allowed for the serendipitous observation of the effect on glucose results of a range of temperature (54-87 degrees F) and humidity (49-100%) typically experienced by patients when performing self-monitoring of blood glucose. GCS was used to generate glucose results in triplicate for each meter daily. Temperature and humidity variations were recorded, and a linear model was generated to explain the variation in glucose results. RESULTS: Both temperature and humidity had significant effects on the reliability of nearly all GMS. The effect of temperature was greater than the effect of humidity. CONCLUSIONS: In this pilot study, GMS were unreliable at temperatures and humidity within the manufacturers' recommended limits. Such variations could result in clinically significant errors in diabetes management. Further studies are needed to confirm the potential inadequacies of GMS with multiple meters and real-time patient blood samples. Glucose meter manufacturers should develop systems that either are less affected by climate or adjust reported values based on ambient temperature and humidity. 
The present analysis examined changes in the variability of overnight sodium excretion in 84 free-living adolescents (ages 15 to 19 years) on a 4-day sodium-controlled diet in which foods provided were selected by adolescents from an extensive list of menu items. The only selection criterion imposed was that foods selected for each day contain 4,000+/-200 mg sodium. Adolescents collected overnight urine samples. Repeated measures analysis of variance tested the effect of diet day on overnight sodium excretion, overnight urinary sodium concentration, and overnight urinary volume. Variance ratio test evaluated changes in overnight sodium excretion variance across days. Day 4 overnight sodium excretion was statistically lower than days 1 to 3 (1.84 vs 6.54, 5.94, and 5.52 mEq/h [1.84 vs 6.54, 5.94, and 5.52 mmol/h]). Day 4 overnight urinary sodium concentration was lower than days 1 to 3 (32.16 vs 119.64, 109.61, and 111.32 mEq/L [32.16 vs 119.64, 109.61, and 111.32 mmol/L]). The variance of overnight sodium excretion from day 1 to day 4 was reduced 10-fold from 20.1 mEq/h (20.1 mmol/h) to 1.90 mEq/h (1.90 mmol/h). Daily overnight urine volumes remained constant, averaging 451.7 mL/day. The dietary protocol successfully reduced the variability of sodium intake as estimated by overnight sodium excretion in free-living adolescents. The protocol could be expanded to include baseline values, additional days of sodium control, and varying levels of dietary sodium intake.
To determine the relationships between HbA1c, characteristics of hyperglycemia and glycemic variability in well-controlled type 2 diabetes (HbA1c<7.0%), we studied 63 primary-care patients (36 men and 27 women), aged 34-75 years, with type 2 diabetes for 2-32 years using a continuous glucose monitoring system (CGMS) and standardized meal test (MMT). Duration of hyperglycemia (>8.0 mmol/l), standard deviation score (S.D.-score) and mean amplitude of glycemic excursions (MAGE) were analyzed from CGMS data and postprandial glucose during MMT (PPG(MMT)). Patients were hyperglycemic for 5.7h/day (median), experienced 4.1 hyperglycemic episodes/day, and 78% exceeded PPG levels of 8.0 mmol/l. HbA1c, though associated with the extent of hyperglycemia (r=0.40, p<0.001), failed to correlate with S.D.-score and MAGE. Multiple regression analysis demonstrated that HbA1c was predicted only by fasting glucose (R(2)=0.24, p<0.001) but neither by PPG(MMT), duration of hyperglycemia, S.D.-score nor MAGE. CGMS and meal test provide the tools for complete characterization of glycemia in type 2 diabetes. In well-controlled type 2 diabetes, HbA1c correlates with chronic hyperglycemia but not with glucose variability. Our data suggest that chronic sustained hyperglycemia and glucose fluctuations are two independent components of dysglycemia in diabetes.
PURPOSE: We investigated the intraobserver reproducibility of myocardial blood flow (MBF) measurements with PET at rest and during cold pressor test (CPT), and the interobserver agreement. METHODS: Twenty normal volunteers were studied. Using (13)N-ammonia, MBF was measured at rest and during CPT and measurement was repeated in a 1-day session (short-term reproducibility; SR). After a follow-up of 2 weeks, MBF was measured again at rest and during CPT and compared with the initial baseline measurement (long-term reproducibility; LR). In addition, adenosine-induced hyperemic MBF increases were assessed. RESULTS: Assessment of the SR did not show a significant absolute difference in MBF at rest, MBF during CPT or the endothelium-related change in MBF from rest to CPT (DeltaMBF) (0.09 +/- 0.10, 0.11 +/- 0.09, and 0.08 +/- 0.05 ml/g/min; p = NS), and they were linearly correlated (r = 0.72, r = 0.76 and r = 0.84; p < 0.0001). Corresponding values for standard error of the estimate (SEE), as indicative for the range of MBF measurement error, were 0.14, 0.14, and 0.09 ml/g/min. The LR yielded relatively higher but non-significant absolute differences in the MBF at rest, MBF during CPT and DeltaMBF (0.10 +/- 0.10, 0.14 +/- 0.10, and 0.19 +/- 0.10 ml/g/min; p = NS), and paired MBFs significantly correlated (r = 0.75, r = 0.71, and r = 0.60; p < 0.001). Corresponding SEEs were 0.13, 0.15, and 0.16 ml/g/min. The interobserver analysis yielded a high correlation for MBF at rest, MBF during CPT, and hyperemic MBF (r = 0.96, SEE=0.04; r = 0.78, SEE=0.11; and r = 0.87, SEE=0.28; p < 0.0001, respectively), and also a good interobserver correlation for DeltaMBF (r = 0.62, SEE=0.09; p < 0.003). CONCLUSION: Short- and long-term MBF responses to CPT, as an index for endothelium-related coronary vasomotion, can be measured reproducibly with (13)N-ammonia PET. In addition, the high interobserver reproducibility for repeat analysis of MBF values suggests the measurements to be largely operator independent. 
OBJECTIVES: To establish whether normal human subjects excrete glycine betaine at a constant rate. DESIGN AND METHODS: Urine was collected from ten normal healthy male subjects for 14 days, during which fluid intake was systematically varied from <800 mL to >3 L per day. Glycine betaine, sorbitol and creatinine excretions were estimated per day and as millimole per mol creatinine. RESULTS: The intrasubject SD of urine glycine betaine was 3.5 mmol/mol creatinine, and the intersubject SD 5.8 mmol/mol creatinine. The intrasubject SD of plasma glycine betaine was 10.2 mol/L and the intersubject SD 14.2 mol/L. Water load had little effect on glycine betaine excretion and plasma glycine betaine. After 12 years, excretions and plasma concentrations tended to parallel the initial results. CONCLUSIONS: Normal subjects have consistent individual glycine betaine excretions that are not strongly influenced by urine volume. Abnormal excretions, or significant changes in excretion, can be interpreted as indicating a pathological process. 
This study examined the within-subject variability of urinary cotinine levels in young children (aged = 0.6-7.2 years) of smoking parents to determine the number of urine samples needed to provide accurate estimates of exposure to environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) for different time intervals. Secondary analyses were conducted of five independent studies (N = 376), in which multiple urinary cotinine measures had been collected over time periods up to 13 months. Over measurement periods of 4-15 days, the within-subject cotinine levels varied 3-5 times more than would be expected based on measurement error alone. Over 7-13 months, the within-subject variability was 10-20 times higher than would be expected based on the measurement error. Findings indicated that cotinine measures from single urine samples provided highly accurate estimates of only recent exposure (i.e., 2-3 days; rho = 0.99). To achieve similarly precise estimates of the mean cotinine level of an individual child over 4-15 days, up to nine urine samples may be necessary. Up to 12 urine samples may be required to achieve similarly precise estimates of ETS exposure over a 4- to 13-month period. Epidemiologic and clinical research on ETS exposure in children can benefit from multiple urine samples (a) to accurately measure average exposure at the level of the individual child, (b) to describe temporal patterns, (c) to detect incidences of peak exposure that would remain underrecognized if monitoring is limited to a single time point, and (d) to establish stable baseline levels and endpoints based on urine samples collected over clinically relevant time periods.
Murine models and association studies in eating disorder (ED) patients have shown a role for the brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in eating behavior. Some studies have shown association of BDNF -270C/T single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) with bulimia nervosa (BN), while BDNF Val66Met variant has been shown to be associated with both BN and anorexia nervosa (AN). To further test the role of this neurotrophin in humans, we screened 36 SNPs in the BDNF gene and tested for their association with ED and plasma BDNF levels as a quantitative trait. We performed a family-based association study in 106 ED nuclear families and analyzed BDNF blood levels in 110 ED patients and in 50 sib pairs discordant for ED. The rs7124442T/rs11030102C/rs11030119G haplotype was found associated with high BDNF levels (mean BDNF TCG haplotype carriers = 43.6 ng/ml vs. mean others 23.0 ng/ml, P = 0.016) and BN (Z = 2.64; P recessive = 0.008), and the rs7934165A/270T haplotype was associated with AN (Z =-2.64; P additive = 0.008). The comparison of BDNF levels in 50 ED discordant sib pairs showed elevated plasma BDNF levels for the ED group (mean controls = 41.0 vs. mean ED = 52.7; P = 0.004). Our data strongly suggest that altered BDNF levels modulated by BDNF gene variability are associated with the susceptibility to ED, providing physiological evidence that BDNF plays a role in the development of AN and BN, and strongly arguing for its involvement in eating behavior and body weight regulation.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: We compared heart rate dynamics during surgical levels of propofol and sevoflurane anaesthesia in a highly standardized setting. METHODS: We recorded electrocardiography from 24 anaesthetized healthy male subjects. In the first parallel part of the study, the subjects were anaesthetized either with sevoflurane (n = 8) or propofol (n = 8) targeted to match 1.0, 1.5 and 2.0 minimal alveolar concentration/effective concentration 50. In the second part, a separate group (n = 8) underwent four different anaesthetic regimens targeted to bispectral index 40: sevoflurane alone, sevoflurane + 70% nitrous oxide, propofol alone and propofol + 70% nitrous oxide. The electrocardiography data were analysed using conventional time and frequency domain methods, and the approximate entropy method, which estimates the complexity of the data. RESULTS: The induction of anaesthesia was followed by an overall reduction of heart rate variability, evident in all frequency bands in the spectral analysis, and also in the time domain measures. Approximate entropy decreased at 1 effective concentration 50 with propofol and at 2 minimal alveolar concentration with sevoflurane. In the second part of the study, the time domain variables and high-frequency spectral power were all similarly reduced by sevoflurane and propofol anaesthesia, with and without nitrous oxide. Approximate entropy tended to decrease during propofol anaesthesia. CONCLUSIONS: Hypnotic levels of sevoflurane and propofol anaesthesia suppressed the heart rate variability measured using conventional analysis methods. Deeper surgical levels of anaesthesia also reduce the complexity of heart rate variability. 
INTRODUCTION: The question of whether antibiotic treatment does or does not affect reliability of white blood cell scan (WBCS) to detect disease activity in clinical practice is still unanswered. Our aim was to study the relationship between scintigraphic findings of WBCS and antibiotic therapy in a group of patients affected with osteomyelitis (OM). METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed 57 scans, performed in 18 patients affected by OM and who were on antibiotic treatment. The number of therapy weeks was calculated for each antibiotic. A comparison of results obtained during and after discontinuation of the antibiotic treatment was made. Overall sensitivity, specificity and accuracy of WBCS were calculated and compared with those obtained in patients undergoing therapy. RESULTS: Forty-seven scans were performed during treatment and 10 scans after discontinuation of treatment. The scintigraphic results obtained during and after discontinuation of treatment were as follows: TN 14 and 8, TP 31 and 2, FN 2 and 0, FP 0 and 0, respectively. Sensitivity, specificity and accuracy of WBCS, calculated in all patients, were 94.3%, 100% and 96.5% respectively. In patients receiving antibiotic therapy, the same parameters were 93.9%, 100% and 95.7% respectively. In patients treated with antibiotics that can decrease leukocyte function, there were 10 TN, 14 TP, 2 FN and 0 FP, while in patients treated with antibiotics that have not effect on leukocyte function there were 4 TN, 17 TP, 0 FN and 0 FP. CONCLUSION: The reliability of WBCS in the detection of disease activity during antibiotic treatment does not change significantly. It can be assumed that the influence of antibiotic therapy on labelled leukocyte behaviour is negligible. 
BACKGROUND: Previous studies have shown a single linear relationship between mean plasma glucose (MPG) and hemoglobin A(1c) (HbA(1c)). We examined the relationship in different treatment groups of patients with type 1 diabetes participating in the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT). METHODS: Seven-point glucose profiles (premeal, postmeal, and bedtime) and HbA(1c) were measured quarterly during the DCCT. We studied measurements from (a) intensively treated patients at study commencement, (b) intensively treated patients after stabilization of their glycemia (from 6 months onward), and (c) conventionally treated patients from 6 months onward. Only complete glucose profile and HbA(1c) pairings were considered (n = 589, 11 483, and 11 855, respectively). RESULTS: From 6 months into the trial, conventionally treated patients had consistently higher MPG concentrations than intensively treated patients at any given HbA(1c) value (mean difference, 1.6 mmol/L at 7% HbA(1c), increasing to 2.8 mmol/L at 11% HbA(1c)). Similarly, at the same HbA(1c), the MPG of intensively treated patients at baseline was higher than in the same individuals after 6 months of intensive treatment (1.2 mmol/L difference at 7% HbA(1c), increasing to 4.6 mmol/L at 11% HbA(1c)). CONCLUSIONS: The relationship between MPG and HbA(1c) is not constant but differs depending on the glycemic control of the population being studied. Having lower mean glucose at the same HbA(1c) may help explain why intensive DCCT treatment appeared intrinsically linked to both increased hypoglycemia and decreased microvascular complications compared with conventional treatment. These findings may also have implications for expressing HbA(1c) as mean blood glucose equivalent. 
PURPOSE: To develop a population pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic (PK/PD) model that characterizes the effects of major systemic corticosteroids on lymphocyte trafficking and responsiveness. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Single, presumably equivalent, doses of intravenous hydrocortisone (HC), dexamethasone (DEX), methylprednisolone (MPL), and oral prednisolone (PNL) were administered to five healthy male subjects in a five--way crossover, placebo--controlled study. Measurements included plasma drug and cortisol concentrations, total lymphocyte counts, and whole blood lymphocyte proliferation (WBLP). Population data analysis was performed using a Monte Carlo-Parametric Expectation Maximization algorithm. RESULTS: The final indirect, multi-component, mechanism-based model well captured the circadian rhythm exhibited in cortisol production and suppression, lymphocyte trafficking, and WBLP temporal profiles. In contrast to PK parameters, variability of drug concentrations producing 50% maximal immunosuppression (IC(50)) were larger between subjects (73-118%). The individual log-transformed reciprocal posterior Bayesian estimates of IC(50) for ex vivo WBLP were highly correlated with those determined in vitro for the four drugs (r ( 2 ) = 0.928). CONCLUSIONS: The immunosuppressive dynamics of the four corticosteroids was well described by the population PK/PD model with the incorporation of inter-occasion variability for several model components. This study provides improvements in modeling systemic corticosteroid effects and demonstrates greater variability of system and dynamic parameters compared to pharmacokinetics. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate day-to-day variability in blood glucose curves (BGCs) generated at home and at the clinic for cats with diabetes mellitus. DESIGN: Prospective study. ANIMALS: 7 cats with diabetes mellitus. Procedures-BGCs generated at home on 2 consecutive days and within 1 week at the clinic were obtained twice. On each occasion, insulin dose, amount of food, and type of food were consistent for all 3 BGCs. Results of curves generated at home were compared with each other and with the corresponding clinic curve. RESULTS: Differences between blood glucose concentration determined after food was withheld (fasting), nadir concentration, time to nadir concentration, maximum concentration, and mean concentration during 12 hours had high coefficients of variation, as did the difference between fasting blood glucose and nadir concentrations and area under the curve of home curves. Differences between home curve variables were not smaller than those between home and clinic curves, indicating large day-to-day variability in both home and clinic curves. Evaluation of the paired home curves led to the same theoretical recommendation for adjustment of insulin dose on 6 of 14 occasions, and evaluation of home and clinic curves resulted in the same recommendation on 14 of 28 occasions. Four of the 6 paired home curves in cats with good glycemic control and 2 of the 8 paired home curves in cats with poor glycemic control led to the same recommendation. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Considerable day-to-day variability was detected in BGCs generated at home. Cats with good glycemic control may have more reproducible curves generated during blood collection at home than cats with poorer control. 
Human plasma and serum proteins are subject to intrinsic proteolytic degradation both during and after blood collection. By monitoring peptides, we investigated the stability of plasma and serum samples and the effects of anticoagulants and protease inhibitors on the plasma samples. Serum and plasma were subjected to time-course incubation, and the peptides (750-3200 Da) were extracted and analyzed with MALDI-TOF MS. Peptides of interest were further identified by MALDI-TOF/TOF MS and ESI-MS/MS analyses. Our observations indicate that plasma peptides are significantly different from serum peptides. Intrinsic proteases cause these differences between plasma and serum samples, as well as the differences among three plasma samples using either EDTA, sodium citrate, or heparin as the anticoagulant, which accounts for partial inhibitory effects on plasma proteolytic activities. Proteases and peptidases, including both aminopeptidases and carboxypeptidases, also cause time-dependent, sequential generation and digestion of the peptides in serum and all three plasmas, specifically during early sample collection and processing. Protease inhibitors within an EDTA-plasma-collection device inhibit both intrinsic plasma peptidases and proteases and moderate the time-dependent changes of the plasma peptides, including bradykinin, and complement C4- and C3- derived peptides. Our results suggest that mixing protease inhibitors immediately with blood during blood collection provides enhanced stabilization of the plasma proteome.
Arsenic concentration in toenail clippings is used as a biomarker of exposure in epidemiological studies, often under the assumption that a single measurement represents long-term exposure. For this assumption to hold, the measured arsenic concentrations must be stable over time, yet temporal variability has not been adequately assessed. This study aims to evaluate temporal variability in multiple toenail samples collected from a population exposed to drinking water arsenic levels <100 microg/l. Our objectives are to investigate factors responsible for biomarker variability and to assess the suitability of single versus multiple measurements for determining exposure in epidemiological studies. Multiple toenail and drinking water samples were collected from 254 participants enrolled in a case-control study of arsenic exposure and bladder cancer in Michigan, USA; participants also answered questions on water consumption. Toenail samples collected an average of 14 months apart were positively correlated, although a substantial amount of variability was detected (r=0.43, P<0.0001, n=236). Arsenic concentration in drinking water was stable and small changes in drinking water arsenic concentration did not explain variability in toenail arsenic concentration. Change in drinking water consumption, however, was significant in predicting differences in toenail arsenic concentration. Stronger correlations between drinking water arsenic concentration and intake and toenail arsenic concentration were observed when two toenail samples were averaged, suggesting that multiple measurements may more accurately reflect exposure. When exposure was categorized into tertiles and other pre-determined categories, 25-40% of exposures were differentially classified. Only a small percentage (<4%), however, were classified as having low exposure using a single measurement and high exposure when an average of two measurements was used. These results suggest that the use of multiple measurements is unlikely to affect exposure classification of individuals into high- or low-exposure groups; however, collection of multiple samples may be advantageous for more refined exposure classification.
OBJECTIVE: Estimation of dietary intake of polyphenols is difficult, due to limited availability of food composition data and bias inherent to dietary assessment methods. The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether we could detect polyphenols and their metabolites in a spot urine sample in a free-living human population and whether it was related to those observed in 24-h urine samples, for potential use as a biomarkers of polyphenol intake. SUBJECTS: Four 24-h urine samples and two spot urine samples were collected from 154 participants of the SU.VI.MAX cohort (a randomized primary-prevention trial evaluating the effect of daily antioxidant supplementation on chronic diseases) in two separate studies over, respectively, a 7- and 2-day periods. Thirteen polyphenols and metabolites (chlorogenic acid (CGA), caffeic acid (CA), m-coumaric acid (mCOU), gallic acid (GA), 4-O-methylgallic acid (MeGA), quercetin (Q), isorhamnetin (MeQ), kaempferol (K), hesperetin (HESP), naringenin (NAR), phloretin (PHLOR), enterolactone (ENL) and enterodiol (END) were measured using HPLC-ESI-MS-MS. RESULTS: Correlations between the urinary excretion levels were observed. The most significant were explained by metabolic filiations (CGA/CA, CA/mCOU, GA/MeGA, Q/MeQ, NAR/PHLOR, ENL/END) or co-occurrence in a same food source (NAR/HESP). Concentrations in spot samples correlated with those in 24-h urine sample (P<0.02, except for CA and for MeQ). Intra-individual variations were smaller than inter-individual variations for all polyphenols (P<0.01) except for MeGA and for PHLOR. CONCLUSION: These results show that these polyphenols and metabolites are useful biomarkers for polyphenol intake. 
We compared the test-retest reliability of near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) measures of cerebral oxygenation and blood volume during a rhythmic handgrip exercise in 13 nondisabled subjects and 25 subjects with moderate to severe traumatic brain injury (TBI). Subjects with TBI (average Glasgow Coma Scale score = 4.2, average time since injury = 21 mo) had completed an acute brain injury rehabilitation program. After 2 min of rest, each subject performed 60 s of maximal rhythmic handgrip contractions with the right hand in two trials 24 to 48 h apart. We used NIRS to measure cerebral oxygenation and blood volume responses from the left prefrontal lobe. Both groups' cerebral oxygenation and blood volume increased during handgrip contractions. The change in cerebral oxygenation was significantly lower in subjects with TBI compared with nondisabled subjects. Intraclass correlations between the two trials for cerebral oxygenation and blood volume were 0.83 and 0.80, respectively, in nondisabled subjects and 0.70 and 0.64, respectively, in subjects with TBI. The findings indicate that NIRS is a reliable noninvasive technique for evaluating cerebral oxygenation and blood volume changes during motor function. NIRS can be useful in monitoring recovery of cerebral oxygenation during rehabilitation of patients with TBI.
OBJECTIVE: The best method for determining hydrocortisone replacement therapy is not well defined. This study aimed to assess interindividual variability in cortisol pharmacokinetics and to investigate whether measurement of salivary cortisol provides a useful alternative to plasma concentration measurements. DESIGN: Intravenous (IV) and oral crossover. PATIENTS: Twenty-seven patients with primary or secondary adrenal insufficiency who had been on stable replacement therapy for at least 3 months. MEASUREMENTS: Plasma and salivary concentrations of cortisol were measured up to 8 h following administration of hydrocortisone. RESULTS: After IV administration, Cmax ranged from 715 to 8313 nmol/l, area under the curve (AUC) from 1112 to 12 177 nmol h/l and cortisol clearance had a median (range) of 0.267 (0.076-0.540) l/h/kg. After oral administration, Cmax ranged from 422 to 1554 nmol/l, AUC 1081-5471 nmol h/l and oral clearance had a median (range) of 0.267 (0.081-0.363) l/h/kg. There was no clear relationship between paired saliva and plasma cortisol concentrations after IV or oral dosing. Plasma and salivary AUC(2-8 h) after IV administration were highly correlated (r2 = 0.77) but differences between predicted and measured plasma AUCs ranged from 3% to 90%. There was a poor correlation between plasma and saliva AUC(2-6 h) after oral administration (r2 = 0.16). CONCLUSIONS: The wide interindividual variability in plasma and salivary profiles of cortisol following the administration of IV and oral hydrocortisone to patients with adrenal insufficiency and the poor correlation between salivary and plasma measurements suggest that salivary cortisol measurements cannot be used for individual hydrocortisone dosage adjustment. 
OBJECTIVES: Lipoprotein(a) is an independent risk factor of atherosclerosis. DESIGN AND METHODS: We assigned frequencies of six polymorphic sites from apo(a) gene transcription control regions, linkage disequilibrium, and 5-polymorphic compound genotypes association with Lp(a) levels. RESULTS: Significant linkage disequilibrium between polymorphic sites was detected. Compound genotypes were significantly associated with Lp(a) levels (P<0.0001). Major 5-polymorphic genotypes were distributed in a broad range of concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: Major 5-polymorphic compound genotypes are not associated with restricted range of Lp(a) levels. 
OBJECTIVE: To assess the reliability, validity, responsiveness, and minimally important difference (MID) of the Incontinence Quality of Life (I-QOL) questionnaire in patients with urinary incontinence due to neurogenic detrusor overactivity. DESIGN: Randomized, double-blind, multicenter, placebo-controlled study. SETTING: Eight centers across Belgium, France, and Switzerland. PARTICIPANTS: Patients with urinary incontinence due to neurogenic detrusor overactivity inadequately managed on oral anticholinergics. Fifty-nine patients (spinal cord injury, n=53; multiple sclerosis, n=6) were enrolled. INTERVENTION: Single dose of botulinum toxin type A (Botox) (200 or 300 U) or placebo. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: I-QOL questionnaire completed at screening and over a 24-week post-treatment period. RESULTS: The Cronbach alpha ranged from .79 to .93, indicating that I-QOL is a reliable measure of QOL in neurogenic urinary incontinence patients. No item had more than 5.1% missing or out of range values. With the exception of 2 items, questions showed acceptable item-scale correlation and scaling success results varied by domain. Post-treatment correlations indicated acceptable construct validity. The I-QOL was responsive to improvements in symptoms. MID values ranged from 4 to 11 points. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggest that I-QOL is a reliable, valid, and responsive measure of incontinence-related QOL in neurogenic patients. 
BACKGROUND: A nutritional assessment method that is quick and easy to conduct would be extremely useful in a complex emergency, where currently there is no agreed practical and acceptable method. Hair pluckability has been suggested to be a useful method of assessing protein nutritional status. The aim was to investigate the reliability of the trichotillometer and to explore the effects of patient characteristics on hair epilation force. METHODS: Three observers plucked hair from twelve participants to investigate the within- and between-observer reliability. To investigate the effect of patient characteristics on hair pluckability, 12 black African and 12 white volunteers were recruited. Participants completed a short questionnaire to provide basic information on their characteristics and hair. RESULTS: Mean hair pluckability measurements for the 12 participants obtained by the three observers (39.5 g, 41.2 g and 32.7 g) were significantly different (p < 0.001). Significant variation between patients was also found (p < 0.001). None of the patient characteristics significantly affected hair pluckability, with the exception of age, although this relationship was not consistent. CONCLUSION: Due to significant variation in measurements, hair pluckability does not appear to be a reliable method for assessing adult nutritional status. Hair pluckability could be a useful method of nutritional assessment in complex humanitarian emergencies but only if the reliability was improved. 
OBJECTIVES: To examine N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) variability in plasma and urine samples of patients with stable heart failure (HF) during a 24-month follow-up. DESIGN: Prospective study. SETTING: Teaching hospital based study. PATIENTS: 74 clinically and functionally stable patients (NYHA class 2+/-0.5) out of 114 patients diagnosed with HF were followed up, and NT-proBNP plasma and urine levels were measured at baseline, 12 and 24 months. RESULTS: Significant differences in mean urinary levels (p<0.01) were found during follow-up, but no changes were found in plasma. Bland-Altman plots showed few variations in plasma percentages in the three intervals (stage I-basal; stage II-stage I; stage II-basal) with a coefficient of reproducibility (CR) of 22%, 21% and 25%, respectively. Changes in NT-proBNP urinary levels had a CR of 7.1%, 6.8% and 9.4% at the three intervals, respectively. A good correlation was found between plasma and urinary levels of NT-proBNP (p<0.001) and between the different NT-proBNP plasma (p<0.001) and urine measurements (p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: NT-proBNP plasma and urine levels show good stability in a 24-month follow-up of patients with stable heart failure. Thus, assessment of urinary and plasma NT-proBNP concentrations may be a useful tool for monitoring patients with HF during follow-up. The results suggest that variations in peptide concentrations exceeding 22% in plasma and 7% in urine in a 12-month follow-up and 25% and 9% in a 24-month follow-up may indicate pathophysiological changes. 
AIMS: Cardiac failure and ischaemic heart disease patients receive standard of care cardiac beta(1)-adrenergic blockade medication. Such medication reduces cardiac output and cerebral blood flow. It is unknown whether the beta(1)-adrenergic blockade-induced reduction of cardiac output in the presence of an exercise-induced reduction in cardiac-arterial baroreflex gain affects cerebral blood flow variability. This study evaluated the influence of cardiac output variability on beat-to-beat middle cerebral artery mean blood velocity (MCA V(mean)) during exercise with and without cardiac beta(1)-adrenergic blockade. METHODS: Eight men (22 +/- 1 years; mean +/- SE) performed 15 min bouts of moderate (105 +/- 11 W) and heavy (162 +/- 8 W) intensity cycling before and after cardio-selective beta(1)-adrenergic blockade (0.15 mg kg(-1) metoprolol). The relationship between changes in cardiac output or mean arterial pressure (MAP) and MCA V(mean) as well as cardiac-arterial baroreflex gain were evaluated using transfer function analysis. RESULTS: Both exercise intensities decreased the low frequency (LF) transfer function gain between cardiac output and MCA V(mean) (P < 0.05) with no significant influence of beta(1)-blockade. In contrast, the LF transfer function gain between MAP and MCA V(mean) remained stable also with no significant influence of metoprolol (P > 0.05). The LF transfer function gain between MAP and HR, an index of cardiac-arterial baroreflex gain, decreased from rest to heavy exercise with and without beta(1)-blockade (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that the exercise intensity related reduction in cardiac-arterial baroreflex function at its operating point does not influence the dynamic control of MCA V(mean), even when the ability of exercise-induced increase in cardiac output is reduced by cardiac beta(1)-adrenergic blockade. 
PURPOSE: Ductal lavage, a technique used to sample epithelial cells from breast ducts, has potential use in risk assessment and biomarker evaluation among women at increased risk for breast cancer. However, little is known about the reliability of the procedure. METHODS: We evaluated the reliability of nipple aspirate (NAF) and ductal lavage at two time points 6 months apart in women at increased risk for breast cancer. Eligible women had a 5-year Gail risk >or=1.66% or lifetime risk of >20%, and/or a family history or personal history of breast cancer. All ducts that produced NAF were cannulated. The kappa statistic was used to evaluate reliability of NAF production, cellular yield, and cytologic diagnosis. RESULTS: Sixty-nine women (mean age, 47 years) were enrolled over 35 months. Forty-seven returned for a second visit. At baseline, 65% of premenopausal and 41% of postmenopausal women produced NAF (P = 0.05), of which 72% underwent successful lavage of at least one duct. Samples of inadequate cellular material for diagnosis were significantly more likely in postmenopausal women than in premenopausal women (P = 0.04). Of the women who returned for a second visit, 18 of 24 who produced NAF had at least one duct successfully cannulated. Twenty-four ducts in 14 women were lavaged twice. Among these ducts, cellular yield for the two time points was inconsistent (kappa = 0.33 +/- 0.13), and only fair cytologic agreement was observed (kappa = 0.32 +/- 0.15). Ductal lavage was associated with moderate discomfort. CONCLUSION: Currently, the use of ductal lavage is limited by technical challenges in duct cannulation, inconsistent NAF production, a high rate of inadequate cellular material for diagnosis, fair cytologic reproducibility, and low participant return rates. 
There is an increasing trend to apply gas chromatography combined with mass spectrometry (GC-MS) or liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) assay methods to large-scale epidemiologic studies for the measurement of serum sex steroids. These methods are generally considered the gold standard for sex steroid measurements because of their accuracy, sensitivity, turnaround time, and ability to assess a more complete panel of steroid metabolites in the same run. In this report, we evaluated the precision, including within-batch (intra) and between-batch (inter) reproducibility, of steroid hormone measurements determined by GC-MS and LC-MS/MS assays and RIA and compared measurements among these methods. Specifically, 282 overnight fasting serum samples from 20 male volunteers were analyzed for 12 steroid metabolites by GC-MS or LC-MS/MS in one lab over a 4-month period. Six of the analytes were also measured by RIA in another lab. Unconjugated hormones, including testosterone, dihydrotestosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone, androstenedione, androst-5-ene-3beta,17beta-diol, estrone, and estradiol, were measured by GC-MS, whereas conjugated hormones, including DHEA sulfate, androsterone glucuronide, 5alpha-androstane-3alpha,17beta-diol 3-glucuronide, 5alpha-androstane-3alpha,17beta-diol 17-glucuronide, and estrone sulfate, were measured by LC-MS/MS. A subset of these hormones, including testosterone, dihydrotestosterone, androstenedione, 5alpha-androstane-3alpha,17beta-diol 17-glucuronide, estrone, and estradiol, were also measured by RIA following extraction and chromatography. We used the coefficient of variation (CV) and the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) to assess within- and between-batch assay variations. For the 12 analytes measured by GC-MS or LC-MS/MS, CVs and ICCs for within- and between-batch measurements were similar, with CVs ranging from 6.1% to 21.4% and ICCs ranging from 87.6% to 99.2%. The six analytes measured by RIA had good CVs and ICCs, with CVs <10% and ICCs >70% (range, 71.7-99.7%). For the six metabolites that were measured by both methods, the CVs were similar, whereas the ICCs were generally higher with the GC-MS method. The absolute values for each analyte measured by RIA and GC-MS differed, with RIAs usually yielding markedly higher levels than GC-MS, although the Pearson and Spearman correlation coefficients for these six analytes were near one and all were significant (P < 0.001). Our results show that RIA, GC-MS, and LC-MS/MS assays for androgens and estrogens in the two labs included in the study have good reproducibility, as measured by small CVs (<15%) and high ICCs (>80%), with the exception of estradiol (71.7%) when measured by RIA. Despite substantial differences in absolute measurements of sex steroid hormones by RIA and MS methods, correlations between the two assays for the six sex steroids measured in the two labs were high (>0.9). However, it is important for future large epidemiologic studies to incorporate MS with high reproducibility and specificity to measure a more complete profile of androgen and estrogen metabolites to clarify the role of sex steroids in prostate cancer.
The repeatability and sensitivity of Doppler ultrasonographic measurement of lateral digital arterial and venous blood flow has not been previously determined. Doppler ultrasonography was used to measure blood flow within the forelimb lateral digital vessels in one normal adult Thoroughbred horse on six occasions and in six normal adult Thoroughbred horses on three occasions, each occasion being at least 1 h apart, to determine the within- and between-horse variation. The values obtained from the right and left lateral digital vessels did not differ significantly. The within-horse coefficients of variation (CV) for arterial and venous measurements were all acceptable (< 11%); the between-horse CV were acceptable (< 7%) for all parameters except TaVa (average velocity of first peak of arterial waveform) and TaVb (average velocity of remainder of arterial waveform). The within-horse intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) demonstrated excellent repeatability (> or = 0.71) for all parameters except venous diameter; the between-horse ICC demonstrated good to excellent repeatability (> or = 0.67) for all parameters except TaVb. Doppler ultrasonography can detect differences of 0.005 and 0.01 ml/ min in digital arterial and venous flow, respectively, using measurements from six horses on three occasions (80% power; P < 0.05). Thus, the technique is sufficiently repeatable and sensitive to be able to detect changes in flow during different physiological or pathological states or following pharmacologic intervention.
INTRODUCTION: We investigated whether markers of airway and systemic inflammation, as well as heart rate variability (HRV) in asthmatics, change in response to fluctuations in ambient particulate matter (PM) in the coarse [PM with aerodynamic diameter 2.5-10 microm (PM(2.5-10))] and fine (PM(2.5)) size range. METHODS: Twelve adult asthmatics, living within a 30-mile radius of an atmospheric monitoring site in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, were followed over a 12-week period. Daily PM(2.5-10) and PM(2.5) concentrations were measured separately for each 24-hr period. Each subject had nine clinic visits, at which spirometric measures and peripheral blood samples for analysis of lipids, inflammatory cells, and coagulation-associated proteins were obtained. We also assessed HRV [SDNN24HR (standard deviation of all normal-to-normal intervals in a 24-hr recording), ASDNN5 (mean of the standard deviation in all 5-min segments of a 24-hr recording)] with four consecutive 24-hr ambulatory electrocardiogram measurements. Linear mixed models with a spatial covariance matrix structure and a 1-day lag were used to assess potential associations between PM levels and cardiopulmonary end points. RESULTS: For a 1-microg/m(3) increase in coarse PM, SDNN24HR, and ASDNN5 decreased 3.36% (p = 0.02), and 0.77%, (p = 0.05) respectively. With a 1-microg/m(3) increase in coarse PM, circulating eosinophils increased 0.16% (p = 0.01), triglycerides increased 4.8% (p = 0.02), and very low-density lipoprotein increased 1.15% (p = 0.01). No significant associations were found with fine PM, and none with lung function. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that small temporal increases in ambient coarse PM are sufficient to affect important cardiopulmonary and lipid parameters in adults with asthma. Coarse PM may have underappreciated health effects in susceptible populations. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reliability of mini-bronchoalveolar lavage (mini-BAL) for the measurement of tobramycin concentrations in epithelial lining fluid (ELF) in comparison with conventional bronchoscopic bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL). DESIGN: Prospective, open-label study. SETTING: An intensive care unit and research ward in a university hospital. PATIENTS: Twelve critically ill adult patients with ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP). INTERVENTIONS: All subjects received intravenous infusions of tobramycin 7-10 mg/kg once daily. After 2 days of therapy, the steady-state serum and ELF concentrations (obtained from BAL and mini-BAL) of tobramycin were determined by means of high-performance liquid chromatography. MEASUREMENTS AND RESULTS: We observed poor penetration of tobramycin in ELF of approximately approximately 12% with ELF peak concentrations of approximately approximately 3 mg/l with both methods. Good agreement in Bland-Altman analysis (mean +/- SD bias = 0.04 +/- 0.38 mg/l) was observed between the two methods of sampling. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that tobramycin 7-10 mg/kg once daily in critically ill patients with VAP might provide insufficient lung concentrations in the case of difficult-to-treat pathogens. Besides, mini-BAL, which is simple, non-invasive and easily repeatable at the bedside, appears to be a reliable method for the measurement of antibiotic concentrations in ELF in comparison with bronchoscopic BAL in critically ill patients with VAP. 
INTRODUCTION: Blood-brain barrier (BBB) plays an important role in the pathophysiology of many central nervous system disorders. In the past, a number of laboratory techniques have been proposed to quantify permeability coefficient, k(i), an important index of barrier function. Recently, MRI has been used to estimate k(i) based on the unidirectional tracer kinetics model in one compartment as proposed by Patlak et al. and has been found to be in good agreement with the gold standard quantitative autoradiography technique. Rapid data acquisition, a prerequisite of this MRI-based technique, causes a compromise in spatial resolution resulting in partial volume (PV) averaging, an effect that is seldom explicitly compensated for in quantitative neuroimaging studies. This may have profound effect on the reliability of estimates obtained using quantitative methods. Existing PV compensation techniques that use complex statistical algorithms perform corrections on stationary images. In this proof-of-principle study, the effect of PV averaging on BBB permeability coefficient has been evaluated using a simulation model, and a postprocessing technique that makes use of dynamic information has been proposed for PV compensation in order to improve the reliability of this quantitative method. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A computer simulation model is presented, which evaluates the effect of PV averaging on permeability coefficient estimates. Beginning with a known k(i), a PV compensation technique is proposed, which aims at correcting calculated k(i) to obtain the original estimate. The application of the PV compensation technique is demonstrated in a rat stroke brain model. Magnetic resonance imaging experiments were performed in Wistar rats (n=2) on a 4.7-T scanner. After acquiring localizer, T2-weighted and diffusion-weighted images, a rapid T1 mapping protocol was implemented to acquire one pre-gadolinium-diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid baseline data set followed by a series of postinjection data sets. The data were postprocessed without and with application of PV compensation technique to obtain a k(i) estimate. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION: The issue of PV averaging as a result of limited spatial resolution is often not addressed in quantitative MRI studies. In this work, simulation experiments have provided useful insight into the PV effects on permeability coefficient estimate. The findings of the simulation experiments agree well with the results obtained from MR experiments. Results from the MR experiments suggest that it may be important to perform PV compensation in order to improve the reliability of permeability coefficient estimates. Future work involves classification of tissue component into gray and white matter and CSF to improve the accuracy of the compensation technique and to investigate repeatability of the technique in a larger group of animals. 
OBJECTIVE: Novel biomarkers including proinflammatory cytokines and adipokines are being explored as potential mediators of cancer and other obesity-related conditions. Prospective studies linking biomarker levels with disease outcomes often measure biomarkers at a single time point and assume that the within-individual variation in levels is small compared with the interindividual variation. However, this assumption is seldom tested. METHODS: This study examined the within-individual stability over time of plasma adiponectin, resistin, leptin, plasma activator inhibitor type 1, hepatocyte growth factor, tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin 6, and insulin among healthy young women. RESULTS: The study included 17 women (9 Black non-Hispanic, 2 Black Hispanic, 2 White Hispanic, and 4 other race/ethnicity) with mean age of 32.3 years, mean body mass index of 31.2 kg/m2, and 76% prevalence of smoking. Analysis of intraclass correlation (ICC) suggested high to moderate correlation over repeated samples taken over 3 years in levels of resistin (ICC = 0.95), hepatocyte growth factor (0.91), plasma activator inhibitor type 1 (0.84), adiponectin (0.73), insulin (0.62), and leptin (0.58). ICCs were weaker for levels of proinflammatory cytokines, tumor necrosis factor alpha (0.39), and interleukin 6 (0.47). CONCLUSION: In this population of minority young females with a high prevalence of overweight and smoking, several obesity-related endocrine markers were stable over a period of 3 years. This supports the feasibility of longitudinal studies relating these biomarkers to the future occurrence of cancer and other health consequences of obesity. 
OBJECTIVE: The aims of this study were (1) to document the extent of variability in physiological aspects of reproductive aging; (2) to outline those areas where more work is needed to expand our knowledge of this variability; (3) to outline available biomarkers that can be used to measure aspects of reproductive aging, such as ovarian reserve and declining hormone levels; and (4) to note potential problems with the use of these biomarkers in cross-cultural settings. DESIGN: Literature review of English and French publications using PubMed with no date restrictions. RESULTS: Substantial variability exists in both cultural and physiological aspects of reproductive aging and menopause. However, the extent of variability across populations for many areas of reproductive aging needs better documentation as well as explanation of sources of this variability. Several biomarkers exist for use in cross-cultural research, including ovarian characteristics such as ovarian volume, ovarian reserve, follicular development, and atresia, and levels of hormones such as follicle-stimulating hormone, inhibin B, and anti-mullerian hormone. CONCLUSION: We urge that further work be undertaken to evaluate and describe variability in physiological aspects of reproductive aging in cross-cultural settings. Some problems exist in the use of biomarkers to record this variability, particularly in remote settings with few logistical resources. 
The aim of this manuscript is to initiate a constructive discussion about deviations in measured concentrations of uraemic solutes; these deviations, if not perceived or handled appropriately, may lead to incorrect interpretations of the pathophysiological role of uraemic solutes and/or to erroneous therapeutic decisions. To come to an objective approach towards this problem, variability analysis of reported concentrations may be of help. Striking outliers should either be discarded or considered together with other values which are more consistent with the majority of reported data.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the test-retest reliability of a 1-day frequency-volume chart (FVC) in men with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Men with uncomplicated LUTS presenting to a urology clinic were asked to complete FVCs on three consecutive days. Standard measures of voiding frequency and volume were derived using International Continence Society definitions. Test-retest reliability of 1-day voiding behaviour was evaluated with an intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC). We also derived 95% confidence intervals (CI) for each measure, thereby indicating the precision of the measurements produced by a 1-day chart. RESULTS: Of 140 patients with LUTS enrolled, 96 patients (69%) completed three 1-day FVCs. The frequency and volume measures typically had ICCs of 0.7-0.8; the "number of urgent voids" had the highest ICC. Nocturnal frequency and nocturnal volume were less reliable, with ICCs of 0.59 and 0.60, respectively. However, the 95% CIs around patient measurements tended to be wide. For 24-h voiding frequency, the true value for a patient might be up to +/- three voids away from the observed value for 95% of patients. CONCLUSION: The measures of voiding behaviour derived from 1-day FVCs had sufficient test-retest reliability to differentiate between high and low levels of voiding symptoms. However, individual measurements could be imprecise, suggesting that, in men with LUTS, a 1-day FVC cannot be used for diagnosis, or monitoring changes in symptom scores after treatment. 
Seminal plasma is a potential source of biomarkers for many disorders of the male reproductive system. The identification and characterization of proteins in the seminal plasma by using two-dimensional (2-D) difference gel electrophoresis (DIGE) serve as a basis for estimating male infertility. However, individual variation remains an impediment to identifying disease-associated proteins. Therefore, it is necessary to examine the interindividual variations in the seminal plasma proteome of fertile men. The present study analyzed seminal plasma samples from 10 fertile men. The results from silver-stained 2-D DIGE were averaged to reduce gel to gel variations. Up to 501 spots (polypeptides) were detected on the averaged gels for the fertile men. The coefficient of variation (CV) of standardized abundance was calculated for 63 spots that were common to all 10 samples; the CV values ranged from 24.5% to 129.9% with a median value of 63.1%. These results demonstrate that the variability in protein expression among different fertile men is relatively high in seminal plasma compared with that in other human tissue samples. The 63 matched spots were compared with those from 10 patients with azoospermia. There was no common spot that was lost in all of the 10 patients, and 16 of these spots (25%) were present in each of the patients. We identified 4 and 1 candidate markers for nonobstructive and obstructive azoospermia, respectively. These results validate our method of identifying differences in the proteomic profiles of seminal plasma samples and provide an important basis for protein expression profiling and comparative proteomics of infertility.
The aim of this study was to investigate the usefulness of heart rate variability (HRV) and urinary catecholamines (CA) as objective indices of heat stress effect. We examined physiological responses, subjective symptoms, HRV and urinary CA to evaluate the effect of heat exposure on the autonomic nervous system. Six healthy male students volunteered for this study. They were exposed on different days to either a thermoneutral condition at wet bulb globe temperature (WBGT) 21 degrees C, or a heated condition at WBGT 35 degrees C for 30 min, while seated on a chair. In the thermoneutral condition, differences of all parameters between the values before and after 30 min exposure were not statistically significant. In the heated condition, heart rate, body temperature and scores for subjective symptoms (feverishness, sweating, mood, and face flushing) significantly increased after 30 min exposure (p<0.05). Also, the high frequency component (HF%) of HRV significantly decreased and the low frequency/high frequency (LF/HF) ratio of HRV significantly increased after 30 min exposure to the heated condition (p<0.05). There were no significant differences between the amounts of urinary CA before and after the 30 min exposures; however, the norepinephrine amount after 30 min exposure to the heated condition was significantly greater than that of the thermoneutral condition (p<0.05). The heat exposure (WBGT 35 degrees C) induced activation of the sympathetic nervous system and a withdrawal of the parasympathetic nervous system. These findings coincide with observed changes of heart rate, body temperature and subjective symptoms. It is suggested that HRV (HF% and LF/HF ratio) and urinary norepinephrine may be useful objective indices of heat stress; HRV seems to be more sensitive to heat stress than urinary CA.
AIMS: Part I: to establish the dose and appropriate application site of capsaicin on the human forearm in order to produce a robust and reproducible dermal blood flow (DBF) response. Part II: to evaluate the within-subject arm-to-arm and period-to-period reproducibility. METHODS: Both parts consisted of two study visits. In part I, placebo and 100, 300 and 1000 microg capsaicin were applied at four predefined sites on the volar surface of both forearms. Placebo and capsaicin doses were randomized and balanced by site between subjects. Changes in DBF were assessed by laser Doppler perfusion imaging up to 60 min after capsaicin application. In part II, only 1000 microg capsaicin was applied on the proximal forearm and changes in DBF assessed up to 30 min (t(30)). DBF response was expressed as percent change from baseline +/- SD and the corresponding AUC(0-30). Reproducibility assessment included calculation of the concordance correlation coefficient (CCC). RESULTS: Part I (n = 12 subjects): compared with placebo, 300 and 1000 microg capsaicin increased DBF (P < 0.05) at all time points except at 10 min. This increase was reproducible at the two most proximal sites from the 30-min time point onwards when compared between arms (CCC >or= 0.8, i.e. substantial to almost perfect reproducibility). In part II (n = 11), t(30) averaged 390 +/- 120% and arm-to-arm reproducibility was almost perfect (CCC = 0.91) for AUC(0-30). CONCLUSIONS: Capsaicin induces a reproducible within-subject arm-to-arm increase in DBF. We provide a non-invasive pharmacodynamic model in humans to test antagonists of mediators involved in capsaicin-induced dermal vasodilation, including calcitonin gene-related peptide antagonists. 
CONTEXT: There is a large interindividual variation in serum (free) testosterone (FT) levels in men, underlain in part by genetic components. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to explore the hypothesis that this variability results in part from differences in androgen sensitivity and feedback loop set point and assess the role of the androgen receptor (AR) polyglutamine tract polymorphism encoded by a CAG repeat of variable length in exon 1 of the AR gene. DESIGN/SETTING/PARTICIPANTS: We performed a cross-sectional analysis in two independent populations of healthy men, consisting of 2322 men aged 35-59 yr (Belstress study) and 358 men aged 25-45 yr (Siblos study), respectively. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Serum hormonal levels and the AR gene CAG repeat length were determined. RESULTS: In the Belstress population, serum testosterone and calculated FT showed a positive linear association with LH (P < 0.001). In the 200 men with lowest FT, CAG repeat number was lower than in the 200 men with highest FT (P = 0.004). As studied in a larger subset of the population consisting of 857 men covering the whole FT range, FT increased progressively with CAG repeat length (P = 0.003). These findings of a positive relation of FT with both LH and CAG repeat length were confirmed in the Siblos study population (both P < or = 0.001). Difference in FT between extreme quartiles of CAG repeat was 10 and 14% in the Belstress and Siblos study, respectively. In both study populations, CAG repeat length was also positively associated with serum total testosterone (P < or = 0.004). CONCLUSIONS: The data support the view that between-subject variability in serum FT in healthy men is underlain in part by differences in androgen sensitivity and feedback set point, with a contributory role of AR polymorphism. These findings have potential implications for the interpretation of epidemiological studies, diagnosis of hypogonadism, and pharmacogenetics of androgen treatment in men. 
Changes in body composition, hormone secretions, and heart function with increased risk of sudden death occur in eating disorders. In this observational clinical study, we evaluated sympathovagal modulation of heart rate variability (HRV) and cardiovascular changes in response to lying-to-standing in patients with anorexia (AN) or bulimia nervosa (BN) to analyze: a) differences in autonomic activity between AN, BN, and healthy subjects; b) relationships between autonomic and cardiovascular parameters, clinical data and leptin levels in patients with eating disorders. HRV, assessed by power spectral analysis of R-R intervals, blood pressure (BP) and heart rate (HR) were studied by tilt-table test in 34 patients with AN, 16 with BN and 30 healthy controls. Autonomic and cardiovascular findings were correlated with clinical data, and serum leptin levels. Leptin levels were lowered in AN vs BN and healthy subjects (p<0.0001), but both AN and BN patients showed unbalanced sympathovagal control of HRV due to relative sympathetic failure, prevalent vagal activity, impaired sympathetic activation after tilting, independently from their actual body weight and leptin levels. No significant correlations were obtained between HRV data vs clinical data, BP and HR findings, and leptin levels in eating disorders. Body mass indices (BMI) (p<0.02), and leptin levels (p<0.04) correlated directly with BP values. Our data showed alterations of sympathovagal control of HRV in eating disorders. These changes were unrelated to body weight and BMI, diagnosis of AN or BN, and leptin levels despite the reported effects of leptin on the sympathetic activity.
OBJECTIVE: In type 1 diabetes, cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy (CAN) is associated with cardiovascular risk factors related to insulin resistance, which in turn are associated with low-grade systemic inflammation. Reduced heart rate variability (HRV) is considered one of the first indicators of CAN. Since the autonomic nervous system interacts with systemic inflammation, we evaluated CAN to study its possible association with low-grade systemic inflammation. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study of a group of 120 subjects diagnosed with type 1 diabetes mellitus 14 years before. METHODS: Information recorded: 1) clinical characteristics: sex, age, body mass index, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), blood pressure (BP), smoking, alcohol intake, insulin dose, HbA1c, and lipid profile; 2) plasma levels of soluble fractions of tumour necrosis factor alpha receptors 1 and 2, IL-6, and C-reactive protein; 3) insulin resistance by estimation of the glucose disposal rate (eGDR); and 4) tests for CAN: HRV in response to deep breathing (E/I ratio), HRV in response to the Valsalva maneuver, and changes in systolic BP responding to standing. RESULTS: A significant negative correlation was found between E/I ratio and plasma concentrations of IL-6 (r=-0.244, P=0.032), which remained significant after adjusting for potential confounding factors (age, sex, HbA1c, WHR, diastolic BP, triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, retinopathy, nephropathy, peripheral neuropathy, insulin dose, and smoking; r=-0.231, P=0.039). No other significant associations were found between inflammation-related proteins, tests for CAN, and eGDR. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest a link between low-grade inflammation and early alterations of CAN in type 1 diabetes and may be of importance in the pathogenesis of CAN and/or its clinical implications. 
AIMS: Polyclonal antilymphocyte globulins (ALGs) are currently used in transplantation, but the sources of interindividual variability of their effect are poorly understood. No pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic (PK-PD) study of ALG is available. Moreover, the genetic polymorphism of FcgammaRIIIa, a receptor for the Fc portion of immunoglobulins involved in antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity (ADCC), may influence their concentration-effect relationship. METHODS: Fourteen kidney transplant patients treated by horse ALG were included in a prospective, noncomparative study. A population two-compartment PK model including a time dependence of the central volume of distribution was developed. Total lymphocyte count was used as biomarker of effect. Concentration-effect data were described using a physiological indirect response model, combining concentration-dependent and -independent inhibitions of lymphocyte input into the circulation. In addition, six kidney transplant patients in whom ALG concentrations were not available were included retrospectively. All patients were genotyped for FCGR3A. RESULTS: Both the PK and the PK-PD model described the data satisfactorily and showed high interindividual variability. Asymptotic T(1/2)-alpha and T(1/2)-beta-values were 1.3 and 25 days, respectively. The concentration of ALG leading to a 50% inhibition of lymphocyte input (IC(50)) was lower in FCGR3A-V carriers than in FCGR3A-F/F patients (383 +/- 199 vs. 593 +/- 209 mg l(-1), P = 0.008). CONCLUSIONS: This is the first description of the ALG effect on lymphocyte count using PK-PD modelling. Our results show that part of the variability in their concentration-effect relationship may be explained by FcgammaRIIIa genetic polymorphism and therefore that horse ALG may deplete lymphocytes by ADCC. 
BACKGROUND: Decisions regarding diabetes management traditionally have been driven by the results of fasting plasma glucose measurement or measurement of glycosylated hemoglobin (A1C), yet glycemic control remains far from optimal in many individuals with diabetes. Mounting evidence implicates glycemic variability, manifested predominantly as postprandial glycemic spikes, as a key factor in the development of macrovascular complications. Recent studies suggest that newer therapies specifically targeting postprandial hyperglycemia can significantly reduce postprandial glucose levels and improve overall glycemic control. METHODS: A Medline search was performed using the term 'postchallenge' or 'postprandial', together with glucose or diabetes. After excluding review articles and case studies, we reviewed primary articles, meta-analyses, and references therein and selected those that best addressed this topic. Selection bias may be considered a potential limitation of this approach. FINDINGS: Although not conclusively demonstrated by prospective studies, a wealth of evidence suggests that postprandial hyperglycemia should not be ignored as an important target for preventing complications of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Improved detection and management of postprandial hyperglycemia and glycemic variability is necessary to optimize glycemic control. Meal-based self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) has been shown to improve glycemic control as part of a comprehensive management strategy by helping patients understand the effects of food choices, physical activity, and medications on blood glucose concentrations. SMBG can also help healthcare professionals recognize postprandial hyperglycemia, guide therapeutic adjustments and receive more timely feedback regarding medication changes. The arrival of new therapies that specifically target postprandial hyperglycemia offer healthcare professionals the opportunity to optimally manage diabetes. 
BACKGROUND: Resistin, a recently discovered hormone, is purportedly involved in metabolic and inflammatory processes in humans and may thus be an important marker to assess disease risk in large-scale epidemiological studies. METHODS: We assessed the reliability of human resistin levels in 63 men and 51 women aged 35-67 years with repeated measurements of resistin over a period of 1 year. Student's paired t-test was used to compare resistin concentrations at baseline and 1 year later. Intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) were calculated by analysis of variance. RESULTS: There was no significant difference between resistin concentrations at baseline and after 1 year for both sexes combined or when analyzed separately for men and women. The ICCs were 0.70 (95% CI 0.59-0.78) for both sexes combined, 0.75 (95% CI 0.62-0.84) for men, and 0.66 (95% CI 0.47-0.79) for women. Resistin levels were not significantly related to age, body mass index, waist-to-hip ratio, sex, or fasting status. CONCLUSIONS: Individual blood resistin concentrations did not significantly change over a period of 1 year, but showed a high degree of reliability. Our findings suggest that a single resistin measurement may be sufficient for risk assessment in epidemiological studies. 
Both the high-frequency component of systolic arterial pressure variability and systolic pressure variation (SPV) have been indicated to be strongly affected by respiratory effect and sensitively reflect circulating blood volume (CBV). We attempted to determine the best means reflecting CBV from various parameters using power spectrum analyses of systolic arterial pressure variability (PSSAPV) and heart rate variability (PSHRV), SPV, and pulse pressure variation during graded hemorrhaging and fluid resuscitation. Under isoflurane anesthesia and mechanical ventilation, rabbits in group S (n = 6) had hemorrhaging induced, whereas those in group H (n = 10) had hemorrhaging induced followed by fluid resuscitation. After collecting baseline data, blood was withdrawn at a rate of 1 mL.kg.min for 25 min in both groups, and data were collected at 5 min after bleeding was stopped. Furthermore, in group H, hydroxyethyl starch was continuously infused at a rate of 1 mL.kg.min for 25 min; data were collected at 5 and 60 min after fluid resuscitation. The correlations between CBV and total power (TP, 0.04-2.00 Hz), high-frequency component (0.75-1.40 Hz), and low-frequency component (0.04-0.40 Hz) of PSSAPV were more significant as compared with SPV and pulse pressure variation, whereas no correlations were noted between CBV and PSHRV. To evaluate the regression models appropriately, Akaike information criterion was used, and TP of PSSAPV showed the lowest value. We concluded that TP of PSSAPV most sensitively reflected changes of CBV and that PSSAPV was the most useful parameter for evaluation of volume status as compared with conventional circulatory parameters.
Self-evidently, research in areas supporting "systems biology" such as genomics, proteomics, and metabonomics are critically dependent on the generation of sound analytical data. Metabolic phenotyping using LC-MS-based methods is currently at a relatively early stage of development, and approaches to ensure data quality are still developing. As part of studies on the application of LC-MS in metabonomics, the within-day reproducibility of LC-MS, with both positive and negative electrospray ionization (ESI), has been investigated using a standard "quality control" (QC) sample. The results showed that the first few injections on the system were not representative, and should be discarded, and that reproducibility was critically dependent on signal intensity. On the basis of these findings, an analytical protocol for the metabonomic analysis of human urine has been developed with proposed acceptance criteria based on a step-by-step assessment of the data. Short-term sample stability for human urine was also assessed. Samples were stable for at least 20 h at 4 degrees C in the autosampler while queuing for analysis. Samples stored at either -20 or -80 degrees C for up to 1 month were indistinguishable on subsequent LC-MS analysis. Overall, by careful monitoring of the QC data, it is possible to demonstrate that the "within-day" reproducibility of LC-MS is sufficient to ensure data quality in global metabolic profiling applications.
BACKGROUND: Oxidative stress (OS) is considered to play a major role in the development of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) complications. However, conflicting and inconsistent data have been reported on OS in ESRD patients. Our aim was to investigate the reliability of the most popular non-enzymatic plasma OS biomarkers in ESRD. METHODS: Vitamins A (VitA), E and C (VitC), uric acid, plasma antioxidant and ferric-reducing potential (PAP and PRP), thiols (SH), malondialdehyde (MDA) and lipid hydroperoxides (HPO) were determined before and after dialysis in plasma from 33 ESRD patients on hemodialysis, hemodiafiltration or peritoneal dialysis and 20 control subjects. RESULTS: In ESRD patients, high PRP and normal PAP values were positively correlated with VitC levels. After dialysis, PRP levels decreased, while unchanged PAP levels correlated positively with high VitA and transiently recovered SH values. All patients showed high levels of both MDA and cholesterol-normalized HPO. However, while the former significantly decreased after dialysis, the latter were unaffected by treatment. Paradoxical correlations of MDA with both VitA and HPO were found. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma PRP and MDA levels may be dramatically affected by both uremia and dialysis; their use in ESRD patients may therefore lead to OS misevaluation and should be avoided. More reliable results can be obtained using physiologically relevant OS functional tests, such as PAP, and early biomarkers of OS damage, such as SH and HPO. 
BACKGROUND: African Americans commonly have normal high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and low triglyceride levels despite having insulin resistance and obesity. The higher than expected HDL-C levels are usually attributed to low levels of hepatic triglyceride lipase (HTGL) activity. Factors that regulate HTGL in African Americans are not well delineated. METHODS: In the current study, HTGL activity was examined in relation to indices of body fat (body mass index [BMI] and waist circumference [WC]), insulin resistance (fasting plasma insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance [HOMA-IR] index), and adipokines (adiponectin and leptin). Sixty-three African Americans (33 men, 30 women; median age 31 years, range 20-50 years; median BMI 28.6 kg/m2, range 19.7-54.7 kg/m2) had anthropometry and measurement of postheparin lipase activities (HTGL), plasma HDL-C, triglycerides, and plasma adiponectin. RESULTS: HTGL correlated strongly with HDL-C (r = -.52, p < .0001) and adiponectin (r = -.49, p < .001). HTGL increased with BMI and WC (r = .297, p = .018 and r = .301, p = .016, respectively). Adiponectin correlated strongly with HDL-C (r = .50, p < .0001) and triglycerides (r = -.493, p < .001). From multiple regression models, 28% of HTGL variability among African Americans can be explained by adiponectin levels in combination with gender and 35% of HTGL is explained with HDL-C included in the model. CONCLUSION: The data suggest that adiponectin is a significant metabolic concomitant of HTGL activity in African Americans. 
The impact of lower serum albumin levels on teicoplanin pharmacokinetics has not been previously determined. The authors assessed the relationship between total and free concentrations of teicoplanin in serum samples obtained from patients receiving teicoplanin therapy for Gram-positive bacterial infections. In addition, the authors determined the contribution of serum albumin concentrations to the unbound fraction of teicoplanin. One hundred ninety-eight serum samples were obtained from 65 patients undergoing routine therapeutic drug monitoring of teicoplanin. Free serum teicoplanin was separated by ultrafiltration, and total and free serum concentrations of teicoplanin were determined by a fluorescence polarization immunoassay. Regression analysis was then performed to build a prediction model for the free serum teicoplanin concentration from the total serum teicoplanin concentration and the serum albumin level using the first 132 samples. The predictive performance of this model was then tested using the next 66 samples. Free serum teicoplanin concentrations (Cf) (mug/mL) were predicted using a simple model constructed using total serum teicoplanin (Ct) (mug/mL) and albumin concentrations (ALB) (g/dL): Cf = Ct/(1 + 1.78 * ALB). This model could estimate free serum teicoplanin concentrations with a small bias and an acceptable error. The measured free level of teicoplanin will lie between 0.63 and 1.38 times the predicted concentration in 95% of cases. Serum albumin level plays a major role in the variability of the fraction unbound of teicoplanin. This model can reliably estimate free serum teicoplanin concentrations more easily than by using direct measurements.
Nanoparticles prepared from human serum albumin (HSA) are versatile carrier systems for drug delivery and can be prepared by an established desolvation process. A reproducible process with a low batch-to-batch variability is required for transfer from the lab to an industrial production. In the present study the batch-to-batch variability of the starting material HSA on the preparation of nanoparticles was investigated. HSA can build dimers and higher aggregates because of a free thiol group present in the molecule. Therefore, the quality of different HSA batches was analysed by size exclusion chromatography (SEC) and analytical ultracentrifugation (AUC). The amount of dimerised HSA detected by SEC did not affect particle preparation. Higher aggregates of the protein detected in two batches by AUC disturbed nanoparticle formation at pH values below 8.0. At pH 8.0 and above monodisperse particles between 200 and 300 nm could be prepared with all batches, with higher pH values leading to smaller particles. Besides human derived albumin a particle preparation was also feasible based on recombinant human serum albumin (rHSA). Under comparable preparation conditions monodisperse nanoparticles could be achieved and the same effects of protein aggregates on particle formation were observed. For nanoparticulate drug delivery systems the enzymatic degradation is a crucial parameter for the release of an embedded drug. For this reason, besides the particle preparation process, particle degradation in the presence of different enzymes was studied. Under acidic conditions HSA as well as rHSA nanoparticles could be digested by pepsin and cathepsin B. At neutral pH trypsin, proteinase K, and protease were suitable for particle degradation. It could be shown that the kinetics of particle degradation was dependent on the degree of particle stabilisation. Therefore, the degree of particle stabilisation will influence drug release after cellular accumulation of HSA nanoparticles.
OBJECTIVE: To analyze the occurrence and the functional effects of nonsynonymous single nucleotide polymorphisms in the human diamine oxidase (ABP1) gene. METHODS: Genomic DNA from 134 healthy Caucasian individuals was analyzed for three nonsynonymous single nucleotide polymorphisms in the ABP1 gene. Serum diamine oxidase activity was studied in 37 individuals with known ABP1 genotype. RESULTS: Variant ABP1 alleles leading to the amino-acid substitutions Thr16Met, Ser332Phe and His645Asp were identified with frequencies of 25.4, 6.3 and 30.6%, respectively. Over 70% of the population (95% confidence interval, 62.4-77.9%) carry at least one amino-acid substitution. Each amino-acid substitution was at Hardy-Weinberg's equilibrium, but linkage disequilibrium between variant alleles was observed. The percentage of individuals carrying simultaneously the three amino-acid substitutions in heterozygosity or homozygosity (9%, 95% confidence interval, 4.2-13.8%) was over three times that expected from a random association (P<0.05). Individuals carrying the 645Asp amino acid displayed lower serum diamine oxidase activity as compared with noncarriers (P<0.001) with a significant gene-dose effect (P<0.05). This was due to an increase in the Michaelis-Menten constant. Individuals heterozygous for 645Asp show Vmax/Km values of 66% and homozygous 51% as compared with noncarriers. The effect of the 16Met variant allele was lower and that of the rarest allele 332Phe was negligible. CONCLUSION: Nonsynonymous ABP1 gene polymorphisms are common in humans; they cause relevant functional effects and can be considered as major determinants of variability for human diamine oxidase activity. 
BACKGROUND: Physiological models are frequently used to predict blood glucose values from insulin and meal data of people with diabetes. Obviously, errors in the input data used result in prediction errors. A more complex problem is that no model may include all factors influencing the blood glucose level in any given situation. We have analyzed the influence of five parameters on prediction accuracy with respect to the time horizon. METHODS: A physiological model, consisting of an insulin model, a meal model, and a glucose metabolism model in combination with a Monte Carlo simulation, was used for this investigation. It was used to examine the change in blood glucose following the intake of carbohydrate and insulin. The intra-individual variability, which was studied, included pharmacokinetic variability of insulin aspart and estimation error of carbohydrate intake, as well as the accuracy of blood glucose meters and insulin pens. RESULTS: Simulations showed how the coefficient of variance for the different model compartments changes over time. For average people with diabetes the inaccuracies of blood glucose meters and carbohydrate estimates contribute to more than half of the variance. CONCLUSION: We showed how blood glucose prediction is severely affected by the inaccuracy in the input variables. Metabolic fluctuations, causing variability in insulin dynamics, also display important effects, but these are difficult to change. The inaccuracy of carbohydrate counting and the use of blood glucose meters appear to be the two main sources of error, which can be reduced through better patient education. 
A method for investigating the uncertainty in internal dose estimate resulting from biological stochastic variability of excretion is proposed in the paper. The method is based on analysing generated cases of individual monitoring data using Monte Carlo simulation technique. In case of a single intake and assumption of stochastic variability of excretion is a single source of uncertainty it was shown that the intake (dose) uncertainty depends exclusively on the uncertainty of the bioassay data and the number of daily urine (faeces) measurements. Assuming a log-normal distribution for describing the variability of excretion a simple expression for calculating the uncertainty was proposed. In case of routine monitoring data it was shown that the uncertainty of annual intake (dose) estimate would depend on biological stochastic variability of excretion, type of excretion function and the number of monitoring intervals in a year. By the example of Pu and U aerosols it was shown that the effects of decreasing uncertainty in the dose estimate resulting from increasing the number of monitoring intervals in a year and from decreasing the uncertainty of bioassay data (performing a number of successive daily measurements, once in a year) should be estimated to optimise the routine monitoring program.
BACKGROUND: Urinary retention is a common postpartum condition which may lead to short- and long-term complications.Objective. To assess the reliability of a commercially available automatic bladder volume scanner in the puerperium, and to specifically identify women with a post-void residual volume of 400 ml or more. METHODS: A prospective comparison of ultrasound estimated bladder volume and urine volume measurement after catheterisation in 100 women at risk for postpartum urinary retention (PUR) after vaginal delivery. RESULTS: The mean difference between the ultrasound estimates and the catheter volume measurements was 26 ml, with the corresponding 95% confidence interval (2.6, 49.4 ml). The sensitivity and specificity for the scanner, using the clinically desired value of a 400-ml threshold, are 0.76 and 0.96,respectively. With a perfect classification for sensitivity at a 300-ml threshold, specificity may drop to about 50%. Even using this cut-off point, the number of women catheterised would be reduced by half compared to a procedure of catheterising all women at risk for postpartum urine retention diagnosed by clinical judgment alone. CONCLUSION: The ultrasound scanner is a reliable screening instrument for detecting PUR after vaginal birth. 
OBJECTIVE: To estimate the repeatability of radial pulse wave analysis (PWA) in measuring central systolic and diastolic blood pressures (cSBP/cDBP), pulse pressure (cPP), augmentation pressure (cAP) and pulse pressure amplification (PPA). METHODS: After 15 min supine rest, 20 ambulant patients (aged 27-82 years; four female) underwent four SphygmoCor PWA measurements on a single occasion. Two nurses independently undertook two measurements in alternate order, blind to their colleague's measurements. Analysis was by Bland-Altman limits of agreement (LOA). RESULTS: Heart rate and brachial blood pressure (BP) were stable during assessment. Based on the average of two PWA measurements between-observer differences (LOA, mean difference +/- 2SD) were small (cSBP 1.5 +/- 10.9 mmHg; cDBP 0.4 +/- 5.2 mmHg; cAP 0.5 +/- 4.5 mmHg; cPP 1.1 +/- 10.5 mmHg; PPA -0.5% +/- 5.6%). Between-observer differences were much greater for single/initial PWA measurement (cSBP 3.6 +/- 15.9 mmHg; cDBP 2.8 +/- 8.8 mmHg; cAP 0.7 +/- 5.8 mmHg; cPP 0.8 +/- 13.6 mmHg; PPA -1.2 +/- 9.4%). Within-observer LOA were very similar for both nurse A (cSBP -4.2 +/- 14.1 mmHg; cDBP -4.6 +/- 13.1 mmHg; cAP -0.4 +/- 4.4 mmHg; cPP 0.5 +/- 11.0 mmHg; PPA 0.7% +/- 9.0%) and nurse B (cSBP 0.0 +/- 12.1 mmHg; cDBP 0.2 +/- 8.5 mmHg; cAP -0.1 +/- 4.4 mmHg; cPP -0.2 +/- 11.9 mmHg; PPA -0.7% +/- 10.6%). CONCLUSION: Non-invasive assessment of central aortic pressures using PWA on a single occasion is highly repeatable in ambulant patients even when used by relatively inexperienced staff. 
AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The main disadvantage of intensive treatment in the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT) was an increased risk of hypoglycaemia that was not explained by the difference in HbA(1c) values alone. This study re-analysed DCCT data to establish whether mean blood glucose (MBG) and/or glucose variability add to the predictive value of HbA(1c) for hypoglycaemia risk in type 1 diabetes. METHODS: The times to first and subsequent severe hypoglycaemic events were compared with MBG, HbA(1c) and within-day SD of blood glucose using Cox regression after adjusting for other known risk factors for hypoglycaemia. RESULTS: On its own, the incidence of time to first hypoglycaemic event increased 1.05-fold for each 1 mmol/l decrease in MBG and 1.07-fold for every 1 mmol/l increase in glucose SD. MBG and SD of blood glucose also both added to the ability of HbA(1c) to predict repeated hypoglycaemic events: after adjusting for HbA(1c), a 1 mmol/l increase in SD was associated with a 1.09-fold increased risk of a first event, increasing to a 1.12-fold risk of a fifth event. A 1 mmol/l fall in MBG added a constant 1.02-1.03-fold risk of repeated events. Daytime events were predicted more accurately than nocturnal episodes. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: This study has established that HbA(1c), MBG and glucose variability measurements each have an independent role in determining an individual's risk of hypoglycaemia in type 1 diabetes. All three aspects of glycaemic assessment should thus be considered in patients in whom hypoglycaemia is a real or potential problem. 
Great interindividual variability in the pharmacokinetics of mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) exists among kidney transplanted patients. The within-patient variability in stable transplanted patients is not well established. We performed 258 determinations of trough MMF levels in 86 stable transplant patients without hematological or gastrointestinal toxicity after at least year of a functioning kidney and a fixed dose of MMF. We examined the within-patient variability of levels related with clinical factors (age, gender, underlying cause of kidney failure, time since transplant, associated immunosuppression, and MMF dose) and analytical factors (serum creatinine, proteinuria, hemoglobin). Trough MMF levels were 3.6 mg/L, percentile (Pc) 25 1.6 mg/L, Pc 75 4.4 mg/L with intraindividual variability median of 65% (Pc 25 14%, Pc 75 79%). For the data analysis a variation of 14% was chosen, which corresponded to the 25th percentile. We did not observed differences between patients with variation below or above the Pc 25 in age, gender, underling cause of kidney failure, basal MMF levels, and MMF dose. Patients with greater variations showed significantly higher serum creatinine and proteinuria values than the others (1.84 +/- 0.54 vs 1.46 +/- 0.44 mg/dL and 0.45 +/- 0.42 vs 0.19 +/- 0.14 g/L; P < .05). Therefore, great within-patient variability in trough MMF levels was associated with poor kidney function and proteinuria.
The pulsed Doppler method theoretically enables human arterial blood flow (BF) to be determined in all of the abdominal-pelvic organs (BF(AP)) by subtracting the bilateral proximal femoral arterial BF from the upper abdominal aorta BF above the coeliac trunk. Evaluation of BF(AP) is a potentially useful indicator of exercise or food intake related flow distribution to organs; however, there is a lack of information regarding the physiological significance of BF(AP), and the measurements are yet to be validated. The aims of the present study are to examine the range in BF(AP) among subjects, monitor physiological day-to-day variability in BF(AP) over three different days and then determine whether mean BF(AP) (averaged over the three different measurement days) is related to body surface area (BSA). Forty healthy males (19-39 years) with a wide range of body weights (51-89 kg) were evaluated in a sitting position following a 12 h fast. The above-mentioned three conduit arteries were measured to determine BF(AP) using pulsed Doppler with spectral analysis. The mean BF(AP) was 2078 +/- 495 ml min(-1) (mean +/- SD) (range, 1153-3285 ml min(-1)), which is in agreement with a previous study that measured the sum of BF in the major part of the coeliac, mesenteric and renal arteries. The physiological day-to-day variability (mean coefficient of variation) was 14.5 +/- 10.0%. Significant (p < 0.05) positive linear relationships were observed between BF(AP) and BSA as well as body weight, which is in good agreement with the results of a previous study. The present data suggest that BF(AP) determined by three-conduit arterial hemodynamics may be a valid measurement that encompasses physiologic flow to multiple abdominal-pelvic organ systems.
Based on the premise that acute and chronic stresses stimulate and suppress cortisol secretion, respectively, and the hypothesis that marriage provides a buffer to stress, we tested whether extreme values of serum cortisol concentrations would be less likely in married women than in unmarried women. Three hundred women were recruited from two central Connecticut communities. Cortisol was measured in overnight urine samples using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Information on each subject's demographic characteristics, such as income and education level was collected. Mean log urinary cortisol was virtually identical in married and unmarried women, however, as predicted, the variance was significantly larger in the unmarried group (p=0.01). After adjustment for potential confounders, multivariate logistic regression still revealed that absolute deviation of log(10) cortisol from the mean was smaller for married versus unmarried women (p<0.01); deviation from the mean cortisol was also higher for non-working than working women. These results support the idea that marriage and employment reduce the extreme levels of cortisol secretion, and by extension, this may reflect differences in levels of stress in married and in working women compared to unmarried and non-working women.
AIMS: To evaluate the reliability of spontaneously reported bladder sensations during real and faked cystometry in patients with non-neurogenic lower urinary tract dysfunction. METHODS: Fifty-nine patients with non-neurogenic lower urinary tract dysfunction were submitted to a real and faked filling cystometry and were asked to describe all bladder-related sensations they experienced during the investigations. All patients were told that the bladder had to be filled twice, but during the faked cystometry, no water was infused in the bladder. RESULTS: During the real cystometry, the normal pattern of filling sensation was reported by 88%. During the faked cystometry, none of the patients reported the normal pattern of filling sensations. Five patients reported first sensation of filling, one first desire to void (FDV). None of the patients reported a strong desire to void (SDV) during the faked cystometry. CONCLUSIONS: Asking patients with a non-neurogenic lower urinary tract dysfunction to report on the bladder filling sensations during cystometry is a valid method for sensory evaluation. A minority of patients may report some sensation of bladder filling even without actual bladder filling. Memory and habituation may play a role in the perception of bladder sensation and one should be aware of this. However, reporting some sensation during faked cystometry not necessarily means the evaluation of the perception of bladder filling is unreliable. 
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: This study investigated the effect of long-term storage at -70 degrees C on urinary albumin, protein, and creatinine measurements in the Family Investigation of Nephropathy and Diabetes, a multicenter study designed to identify genes for diabetic nephropathy. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: Spot urine samples were collected at eight centers and shipped overnight on ice packs to a central laboratory. Samples were aliquotted and frozen at -70 degrees C for a median of 8 d before initial assay. As part of quality control procedures to determine interassay variability, 351 replicate samples were retrieved from storage at -70 degrees C after a median storage time between original and quality control analyses of 126 d (range 28 to 869 d). Freezer time was characterized as the difference in days between the initial assay and quality control assay. Percentage difference [(quality control - original/original) x 100%] between samples was regressed on storage time and adjusted for original value, age, race, gender, hypertension, and diabetes. RESULTS: After adjustment, freezer time per 30 d was associated with small decreases in percentage difference of urinary albumin (0.25%, P = 0.02), total protein (0.23%, P = 0.02), and albumin-to-creatinine ratio (0.34%, P = 0.001). Urinary creatinine levels were not affected by freezer time (P = 0.25). CONCLUSIONS: Measurements of urinary albumin, total protein, and albumin-to-creatinine ratio are minimally affected by storage at -70 degrees C for approximately 2.5 yr. Prolonged storage results in small decreases of urinary albumin and protein that do not substantially affect phenotype classification of overt renal disease. 
We investigated interindividual variability in gene expression in abdominal subcutaneous (SC) and omental (OM) adipose tissue of 10 massively obese men. Affymetrix human U133A microarrays were used to measure gene expression levels. A total of 6811 probesets generated significant signal in both depots in all samples. Interindividual variability in gene expression was rather low, with more than 90% of transcripts showing a coefficient of variation (CV) lower than 23.6% and 21.7% in OM and SC adipose tissues, respectively. The distributions of CV were similar between the two fat depots. A set of highly variable genes was identified for both tissues on the basis of a high CV and elevated gene expression level. Among the set of highly regulated genes, 18 transcripts were involved in lipid metabolism and 28 transcripts were involved in cell death for SC and OM samples, respectively. In conclusion, gene expression interindividual variability was rather low and globally similar between fat compartments, and the adipose tissue transcriptome appeared as relatively stable, although specific pathways were found to be highly variable in SC and OM depots.
PURPOSE: Idiopathic overactive bladder syndrome is a common disorder, especially in women. Of various pathophysiological factors several studies suggest a specific dysfunction of the autonomic nervous system. To verify this hypothesis we compared heart rate variability parameters, which provide an analysis of autonomic function, in women with idiopathic overactive bladder syndrome to those in a reference population of women with stress urinary incontinence. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Diseases and medications that can perturb the autonomic nervous system were excluded. We included 7 women with pure stress urinary incontinence and 3 with isolated overactive bladder syndrome. Continuous echocardiogram recording was performed with the bladder emptied and during artificial bladder filling. High frequency variations of instantaneous heart rate represent parasympathetic activity, low frequency variations represent sympathetic activity and the low-to-high frequency ratio represents the autonomic balance. RESULTS: Heart rate variability parameters did not change significantly during bladder filling in women with stress urinary incontinence. In contrast, sympathetic tone in women with overactive bladder syndrome (low frequency) increased significantly at the end of bladder filling (p = 0.001), in parallel with a decrease in parasympathetic activity (high frequency) and a significant increase in the low-to-high frequency ratio (each p <0.001). Parasympathetic activity with the bladder emptied was significantly higher in the overactive bladder syndrome group (p = 0.017). CONCLUSIONS: This preliminary study demonstrates the predominance of parasympathetic activity with the bladder emptied and a preponderance of sympathetic activity at the end of bladder filling in women with overactive bladder syndrome. These results suggest dysfunction in the autonomic balance, as implied in idiopathic overactive bladder syndrome. Further studies in a larger population of patients with overactive bladder syndrome with reference to normal subjects free of urinary symptoms are necessary to confirm this hypothesis. 
AIMS: C-reactive protein represents the classical acute-phase protein produced in the liver in response to inflammatory stimuli. This study evaluated the association of gene polymorphisms with differences in C-reactive protein concentrations and assessed its intra-individual variability as a marker of individual response. METHODS AND RESULTS: One thousand and three myocardial infarction (MI) survivors were recruited in six European cities, and C-reactive protein concentrations were measured repeatedly during a 6-month period. We investigated 114 polymorphisms in 13 genes, all involved in the innate inflammatory pathway. We found two polymorphisms within the C-reactive protein (CRP) gene rs1800947 and rs1205, of which the minor alleles were strongly associated with lower levels of C-reactive protein (P < 10(-6)). A haplotype, identified by those two polymorphisms, was associated with the lowest C-reactive protein concentrations (P < 10(-6)). Additionally, the minor alleles of several variants were significantly associated with greater individual variability of C-reactive protein concentrations (P < 10(-3)). CONCLUSION: The present study investigated the association of polymorphisms with inter- and intra-individual variability of C-reactive protein levels. Two minor alleles of C-reactive protein variants were associated with lower C-reactive protein concentrations. Regarding intra-individual variability, we observed associations with the minor alleles of several variants in selected candidate genes, including the CRP gene itself. 
BACKGROUND: In cardiac surgery, excessive blood loss requiring large-volume red blood cell (RBC) transfusion is a common occurrence that is associated with significant morbidity and mortality. The objectives of this study were to measure the interinstitution variation and predictability of large-volume RBC transfusion. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: Data were retrospectively collected on 3500 consecutive cardiac surgical patients at seven Canadian hospitals during 2004. The crude and risk-adjusted institutional odds ratios (ORs) for large-volume (>or=5 U) RBC transfusion were calculated with logistic regression. The predictive accuracy of an existing prediction rule for large-volume RBC transfusion was calculated for each institution. RESULTS: Large-volume RBC transfusion occurred in 538 (15%) patients. When compared to the reference hospital (median crude rate), the institutional unadjusted and adjusted ORs for large-volume RBC transfusion ranged from 0.29 to 1.26 and 0.14 to 1.15, respectively (p<0.0001 for interinstitution variation). The variation was lower, but still considerable, for excessive blood loss, defined as at least 5-U RBC transfusion or reexploration; the ORs ranged from 0.42 to 1.22 (p<0.0001). The prediction rule performed well at most sites; its pooled positive predictive value for excessive blood loss was 71 percent (range, 63%-89%), and its negative predictive value was 90 percent (range, 87%-93%). CONCLUSIONS: There is marked interinstitution variation in large-volume RBC transfusion in cardiac surgery that is not explained by patient- or surgery-related factors. Despite this variation, patients at high or low risk for large-volume RBC transfusion can be accurately identified by a prediction rule composed of readily available clinical variables. 
Evidence suggests that high peripheral beta-amyloid (Abeta)(1-40) levels and low ratios of Abeta(1-42)/Abeta(1-40) are associated with increased risk for Alzheimer's disease (AD). In this cross-sectional design, serum and plasma samples from 67 AD patients and 146 controls (similar in age and gender) were evaluated using Abeta(1-40) and Abeta(1-42) ELISA. Coefficient of variance was calculated for intra- and inter-person variability of Abeta(1-40) and Abeta(1-42). Abeta(1-40) correlated with age, MMSE and their Abeta(1-42)/Abeta(1-40) ratios (p<0.05). Significantly higher Abeta(1-40) levels were observed in AD patients than controls (p<0.05) but no difference was observed for Abeta(1-42) (p>0.05). Serum Abeta(1-42)/Abeta(1-40) ratios were also significantly lower in AD patients than controls (p<0.05). Lower intra-person than inter-person variability was observed for serum and plasma Abeta(1-40) and Abeta(1-42) and these were higher in controls than in AD patients. The intra-person variability of serum Abeta(1-40) did not influence the group differences observed between AD patients and controls. Significant interaction was observed between diagnosis and intra-person variability for serum Abeta(1-40) levels (p<0.05) and was supported by our finding of higher intra-person variability for serum Abeta(1-40) in controls (26.97%) than in AD patients (18.35%). We confirm the previously observed differences in blood Abeta levels between AD and control groups. In addition, we now report the presence of high intra- and inter-person variability possibly due to factors that influence peripheral Abeta levels and warrant further investigation before the potential use of Abeta as an AD biomarker can be fully exploited.
BACKGROUND: Exposure to endocrine disruptors (EDs), including some phthalates, phytoestrogens and phenols can be quantified using biomarkers of exposure. However, reliability in the use of these biomarkers requires an understanding of the timeframe of exposure represented by one measurement. Data on the temporal variability of ED biomarkers are sparse, especially among children. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate intraindividual temporal variability in 19 individual urinary biomarkers (eight phthalate metabolites from six phthalate diesters, six phytoestrogens (two lignans and four isoflavones) and five phenols) among New York City children. METHODS: Healthy Hispanic and Black children (N=35; 6-10 years old) donated several urine samples over 6 months. To assess temporal variability we used three statistical methods: intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC), Spearman correlation coefficients (SCC) between concentrations measured at different timepoints, and surrogate category analysis to determine how well the tertile categories based on a single measurement represented a 6-month average concentration. RESULTS: Surrogate category analysis indicated that a single sample provides reliable ranking for all analytes; at least three of four surrogate samples predicted the 6-month mean concentration. Of the 19 analytes, the ICC was >0.2 for 18 analytes and >0.3 for 10 analytes. Correlations among sample concentrations throughout the 6-month period were observed for all analytes; 14 analyte concentrations were correlated at 16 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: The reasonable degree of temporal reliability and the wide range of concentrations of phthalate metabolites, phytoestrogens and phenols suggest that these biomarkers are appropriate for use in epidemiologic studies of environmental exposures in relation to health outcomes in children. 
Elevated serum uric acid level is associated with obesity, insulin resistance, diabetes, nephropathy, and hypertension. Epidemiologic studies suggest that serum uric acid levels are heritable. We sought to identify chromosomal regions harboring quantitative trait loci that influence serum uric acid in Mexican Americans using data from 644 participants in the San Antonio Family Heart Study. Serum uric acid was found to exhibit significant heritability (0.42) in this population (P = 2 x 10(-7)) after accounting for covariate effects. In addition, genetic correlations between serum uric acid and other cardiovascular risk factors, such as body mass index, waist circumference, systolic BP, and pulse pressure, were identified, suggesting that the genes associated with uric acid level are also associated with these phenotypes. Multipoint linkage analysis identified quantitative trait loci with measurable effects on serum uric acid variability. The highest multipoint logarithm of odds score of 3.3 was found at 133 cM on chromosome 6q22-23, a region that also contains genes that seem to influence familial IgA nephropathy, obesity, BP, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes. Given the relationship between uric acid level and these conditions, future studies should investigate potential candidate susceptibility genes found in this region.
INTRODUCTION: Susceptibility to arterial thrombosis has a significant genetic component that is partly due to the expression of two proteins, tissue-type plasminogen activator (t-PA) and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), that directly influence thrombus formation and degradation. We have initiated a large-scale population-based study to characterize the genetic architecture of plasma t-PA and PAI-1 in Blacks from Sunyani, Ghana. DESIGN: The design of the study is based on the recruitment of 2000 unrelated subjects who are ascertained without regard to chronic disease status. The analyses of the results will be done by dividing the data into two parts, a modeling set and a validation data set. This study design will facilitate the identification of genetic, environmental, and demographic factors that contribute to inter-individual variation in plasma levels of t-PA and PAI-1 in the population at-large. RESULTS: We report the specifics of the study design, as well as phenotype information on the first 1000 subjects. Our results show that females and males differ significantly in several key measures, including PAI-1, BMI, total cholesterol, and systolic blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: The data collected from this population-based study demonstrate significant sex differences in PAI-1 and critical factors that may influence risk of thrombosis. These samples will serve to inform the genetic analyses of t-PA and PAI- levels. 
OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the inter-laboratory reproducibility of blood test for liver fibrosis: FibroMeter, Fibrotest, APRI and their composites variables. DESIGN AND METHODS: Four studies, including 147 patients, were performed: study #1 included 2 metachronous blood samples and 2 laboratories; studies #2, #3 and #4 included synchronous samples with assays delayed at day 1 in 12 laboratories, at day 0 in 10 laboratories and at day 0 or 1 in 2 laboratories, respectively. Agreement was evaluated by the intraclass correlation coefficient (r(ic)). RESULTS: In studies #1, #2 and #4, r(ic) for FibroMeter was 0.893, 0.942 and 0.991, respectively. In study #3, the r(ic) were: FibroMeter: 0.963, Fibrotest: 0.984, APRI: 0.949. Large simulated variations in composite variables had a weak impact on FibroMeter. CONCLUSIONS: When blood marker limits are controlled, inter-laboratory agreement of blood tests is excellent in clinical practice conditions. Blood tests are robust against the variability of composite blood variables. 
Free fatty acids (FFAs) have been shown to produce alteration of heart rate variability (HRV) in healthy and diabetic individuals. Changes in HRV have been described in septic patients and in those with hyperglycemia and elevated plasma FFA levels. We studied if sepsis-induced heart damage and HRV alteration are associated with plasma FFA levels in patients. Thirty-one patients with sepsis were included. The patients were divided into two groups: survivors(n = 12) and nonsurvivors (n = 19). The following associations were investigated: (a) troponin I elevation and HRV reduction and (b) clinical evolution and HRV index, plasma troponin, and plasma FFA levels. Initial measurements of C-reactive protein and gravity Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation scores were similar in both groups. Overall, an increase in plasma troponin level was related to increased mortality risk. From the first day of study, the nonsurvivor group presented a reduced left ventricular stroke work systolic index and a reduced low frequency (LF) that is one of HRV indexes. The correlation coefficient for LF values and troponin was r(2) = 0.75 (P < 0.05). All patients presented elevated plasma FFA levels on the first day of the study (5.11 +/- 0.53 mg/mL), and this elevation was even greater in the nonsurvivor group compared with the survivors (6.88 +/- 0.13 vs. 3.85 +/- 0.48 mg/mL, respectively; P < 0.05). Cardiac damage was confirmed by measurement of plasma troponin I and histological analysis. Heart dysfunction was determined by left ventricular stroke work systolic index and HRV index in nonsurvivor patients. A relationship was found between plasma FFA levels, LFnu index, troponin levels, and histological changes. Plasma FFA levels emerged as possible cause of heart damage in sepsis.
C-reactive protein (CRP) is a marker of systemic inflammation significantly associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease in the general population. The aim of our current work was to study those clinical and genetic variables potentially associated with interindividual variability in serum CRP levels. A random sample of 844 participants (450 women, mean age 55 years) from a study carried out on the general Spanish population (The Segovia Study) was studied. Our results showed that age, gender, waist circumference, leptin, impaired glucose tolerance and smoking were the clinical variables significantly associated with variations in serum CRP levels. Among those, leptin showed the strongest association, explaining 11% of the interindividual variability in circulating CRP levels (p<0.001). To study the effect of genetic variants on serum CRP levels, 10 SNPs within the CRP locus were genotyped in 756 participants. Four of these SNPs (rs1417938, rs1800947, rs1130864, rs1205) were significantly associated with CRP levels after adjustment for clinical variables. Among the common haplotypes inferred from eight SNPs, two (CCATGCCT, p=0.025; CTATCCTT, p=0.004) explained 2.9% of the total variation in serum CRP. The results here reported show that 2.9% of the total variation in circulating CRP levels seems to be explained by genetics variations within CRP locus. Furthermore, serum leptin levels are strongly associated with serum CRP levels in our Spanish population.
Adipokines, soluble mediators produced by adipocytes, may link adipose tissue to the inflammatory, metabolic, and immune dysregulation that characterize many obesity-related diseases. The stability of plasma adipokine levels within individuals, their seasonal variability, intercorrelations, and relationships to well-established measures of adiposity are incompletely defined. We measured levels of 12 adipokines [interleukin 1beta (IL-1beta), IL-6, IL-8, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), nerve growth factor (NGF), leptin, adiponectin, hepatocyte growth factor (HGF), and resistin] in four seasonal random plasma samples of 48 male participants of a population-based cohort study. The representativeness of single measurements was assessed by correlating the adipokine levels of a single, random sample with the mean levels from the remaining three samples using a bootstrap approach and using intra-class correlation coefficients (ICC). Spearman correlations between adipokine levels, age, body mass index (BMI), and waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) were estimated. Correlations between plasma adipokine levels from one random sample and the mean of the remaining three seasonal samples ranged from 0.57 to 0.89. Over the 1-year study period, the ICCs for adipokine levels ranged from 0.44 (PAI-1) to 0.83 (HGF). IL-8, MCP-1, and resistin levels were positively associated with age; HGF and PAI-1 levels were correlated with BMI and WHR. This study suggests that adipokine levels in a single blood sample may be useful biomarkers of inflammation in population-based studies of obesity-related disease.
Lack of post-sampling stability of ascorbate and dehydroascorbic acid and failure to block their in vivo equilibrium have lowered their value as biomarkers of oxidative stress and limited the ability to further investigate their possible role in disease prevention. In the present article, analytic reproducibility was tested by repeated analysis of plasma aliquots from one individual over 4 years. The plasma was subjected to acidic deproteinization with an equal volume of 10% meta-phosphoric acid containing 2 mmol/L of EDTA and analyzed for ascorbate and dehydroascorbic acid by high-performance liquid chromatography with coulometric detection. In a parallel experiment, the stability of human plasma samples treated as above and stored at -80 degrees C for 5 years was tested in a cohort of 131 individuals. No degradation or shift in the equilibrium between ascorbate and dehydroascorbic acid was observed in either of the experiments. In conclusion, ascorbate and dehydroascorbic acid could be adequately preserved in plasma stored at -80 degrees C following acidic deproteinization with meta-phosphoric acid containing 2 mmol/L of EDTA.
BACKGROUND: In 2005, a special survey in the Belgian External Quality Assessment focused on the performance of six automated immunoassay analysers most frequently used in Belgium for estradiol-17beta (E(2)) and progesterone. Results obtained were compared with values determined by reference method, isotope dilution-gas chromatograph/mass spectrometry (ID-GC/MS). METHODS: Five fresh frozen serum samples, without additives, from single donors and three pools from pregnant women were distributed to all registered Belgian laboratories. Total variation, bias, linear relationship within the reported range and linear regression were investigated. RESULTS: Inter-laboratory coefficients of variation ranged from 4 to 49% for E(2) and from 6 to 45% for progesterone. Bias ranged from -26 to 239% for E(2) and from -23 to 81% for progesterone. Several systems showed an upward bias for one particular sample of at least 25%. Weighted linear regression showed overall bias ranging from -8% to 32% for E(2) and from 7% to 41% for progesterone. CONCLUSIONS: Few automated methods succeed in having an excellent reproducibility for E(2) and progesterone. Given the high bias values it is suggested that, for performance testing, results be compared whenever possible with a reference method. The linear relationship as assessed by comparing results with those obtained by ID-GC/MS using samples from different donors was not assured for most methods. 
The aim of this study was to determine variability at both levels of two serum oxidative stress markers (lipid peroxides and carbonyl concentration) as well as total antioxidant capacity in humans as a function of time. Assays for oxidative stress and antioxidant capacity were repeated in the same individuals three times daily on four particular days over a period of 51 days. The results show a high variation within subject in the concentration of these markers not only when comparing the different days (the morning values can change up to 98%), but also during the day, where the evening values can increase up to 84% with respect to those of the morning. This suggests that several measurements are required to establish the typical oxidative stress status of an individual before studying the potential effect of treatments that possibly influence oxidative damage. The observed changes during the day allowed us to speculate about the optimum temporal antioxidant delivery regimes that minimize the imbalance between oxidants and antioxidants. In the study, only a few general aspects of basic lifestyle habits were controlled. However, the levels of these markers are sensitive to possibly a group of factors. This points to the necessity of using a much bigger population to establish the possible contribution of each lifestyle habits to the concentration of the markers.
BACKGROUND: Estimates of intraindividual variation in hormone levels provide the basis for interpreting hormone measurements clinically and for developing eligibility criteria for trials of hormone replacement therapy. However, reliable systematic estimates of such variation are lacking. OBJECTIVE: To estimate intraindividual variation of serum total, free and bioavailable testosterone (T), dihydrotestosterone (DHT), SHBG, LH, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEAS), oestrone, oestradiol and cortisol, and the contributions of biological and assay variation to the total. DESIGN: Paired blood samples were obtained 1-3 days apart at entry and again 3 months and 6 months later (maximum six samples per subject). Each sample consisted of a pool of equal aliquots of two blood draws 20 min apart. STUDY PARTICIPANTS: Men aged 30-79 years were randomly selected from the respondents to the Boston Area Community Health Survey, a study of the health of the general population of Boston, MA, USA. Analysis was based on 132 men, including 121 who completed all six visits, 8 who completed the first two visits and 3 who completed the first four visits. MEASUREMENTS: Day-to-day and 3-month (long-term) intraindividual standard deviations, after transforming measurements to logarithms to eliminate the contribution of hormone level to intraindividual variation. RESULTS: Biological variation generally accounted for more of total intraindividual variation than did assay variation. Day-to-day biological variation accounted for more of the total than did long-term biological variation. Short-term variability was greater in hormones with pulsatile secretion (e.g. LH) than those that exhibit less ultradian variation. Depending on the hormone, the intraindividual standard deviations imply that a clinician can expect to see a difference exceeding 18-28% about half the time when two measurements are made on a subject. The difference will exceed 27-54% about a quarter of the time. CONCLUSIONS: Given the level of intraindividual variability in hormone levels found in this study, one sample is generally not sufficient to characterize an individual's hormone levels but collecting more than three is probably not warranted. This is true for clinical measurements and for hormone measurements used to determine eligibility for a clinical trial of hormone replacement therapy. 
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) has been suggested as an exposure biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). However, it remains unknown whether a first morning urine sample can be used to reflect average exposure. In this paper, we examine intra-individual differences and inter-individual associations between first morning voids and 24-h composite urine samples. The analysis was performed using data collected from 100 adults who had a wide range of PAH exposure due to differences in their occupation, e.g., coke oven workers vs. non-coke oven workers. For each subject, all the urine voids within each of two 24-h measurement periods were collected. Results showed a significant (40% to 62%) intra-individual difference between first morning voids and 24-h urinary 1-OHP concentrations (in ng/ml urine). Creatinine adjustments of 1-OHP concentrations (in micromol/mol urinary creatinine) reduced the intra-individual difference by approximately 10%. Across all the subjects, a high overall correlation (r=0.76) was observed between first morning and 24-h average 1-OHP concentrations. Work environment and sampling season were found to significantly affect the relationship between first morning and 24-h 1-OHP concentrations. An increase of 1 ng/ml of first morning urinary 1-OHP predicted an increase of 0.5 and 0.25 ng/ml of 24-h urinary 1-OHP for coke oven workers and non-coke oven workers, respectively. Data collected in a winter season showed a higher correlation between first morning and 24-h concentrations than data collected in a fall season. Creatinine adjustments did not significantly improve overall correlations between first morning void and 24-h measurements, but increased total variances for 24-h urines explained by first morning urines in coke workers.
BACKGROUND: The oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT) is the most common method to estimate indices of insulin sensitivity in clinical as well as in epidemiological studies. The aim of this study was to investigate the variability of insulin levels for reference intervals and of insulin sensitivity indices during oGTT by three different insulin immunoassays. METHODS: Serum insulin levels were determined during oGTT of randomly selected adult subjects (total n=101, with n=68 with normal glucose tolerance) by the LIAISON (LIA), the Elecsys (EL) and the AutoDELFIA (AD) method. RESULTS: Sensitivity and precision of all three insulin assays were comparable. Insulin levels demonstrated a close (p<0.001) interassay correlation (LIA vs. EL: r=0.987, LIA vs. AD: r=0.966, EL vs. AD: r=0.965). Insulin levels and insulin sensitivity indices (n=68) of the AD method were significantly different compared to the LIA or EL assay (p<0.001). Basal insulin levels demonstrated an assay-dependent significant body mass index (BMI) dependency (LIA: r=0.24, p=0.05; AD: r=0.44, p<0.001; EL: r=0.36, p<0.01) in the regression analysis. At 120 min post glucose, gender was the relevant influencing factor on insulin levels of the LIA (r=0.40, p<0.001), AD (r=0.37, p<0.01) and EL (r=0.40 p<0.001) method. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that assay-dependent reference intervals should be used for the clinical interpretation of insulin levels from oGTT and of insulin sensitivity indices. Moreover, BMI and gender have to be considered as influencing factors. 
Human hair has been commonly classified according to three conventional ethnic human subgroups, that is, African, Asian, and European. Such broad classification hardly accounts for the high complexity of human biological diversity, resulting from both multiple and past or recent mixed origins. The research reported here is intended to develop a more factual and scientific approach based on physical features of human hair. The aim of the study is dual: (1) to define hair types according to specific shape criteria through objective and simple measurements taken on hairs from 1442 subjects from 18 different countries and (2) to define such hair types without referring to human ethnicity. The driving principle is simple: Because hair can be found in many different human subgroups, defining a straight or a curly hair should provide a more objective approach than a debatable ethnicity-based classification. The proposed method is simple to use and requires the measurement of only three easily accessible descriptors of hair shape: curve diameter (CD), curl index (i), and number of waves (w). This method leads to a worldwide coherent classification of hair in eight well-defined categories. The new hair categories, as described, should be more appropriate and more reliable than conventional standards in cosmetic and forensic sciences. Furthermore, the classification can be useful for testing whether hair shape diversity follows the continuous geographic and historical pattern suggested for human genetic variation or presents major discontinuities between some large human subdivisions, as claimed by earlier classical anthropology.
We examined the effect of euoxic hypercapnia on middle cerebral artery (MCA) blood flow velocity waveform parameters in pre- and postmenopausal women by exposing 24 healthy women (12 pre-, 12 postmenopausal) to hypercapnia for 20 min. MCA blood flow velocity was measured continuously by transcranial Doppler ultrasound. The data were run through an algorithm that detected the feature points of the waveforms and then analyzed for statistically significant group differences. The changes in mean blood flow velocity with euoxic hypercapnia were not significant between the two groups. However, certain feature points, particularly the velocity of the reflected shoulder (V(REFLEC)), increased (89.4 +/- 14.6 to 110.0 +/- 20.5 cm/s and 102.3 +/- 14.1 to 125.1 +/- 14.9 cm/s from euoxic eucapnia to euoxic hypercapnia in pre- and postmenopausal women, respectively), as did the augmentation index (79.9 +/- 10.4 to 85.9 +/- 12.6% and 114.7 +/- 12.8 to 119.0 +/- 12.6%) and pulsatility index (0.86 +/- 0.18 to 0.74 +/- 0.15 and 0.71 +/- 0.11 to 0.66 +/- 0.11). Furthermore, while systolic peak velocity (V(SYS)) was the highest point of the waveform in premenopausal women, V(REFLEC) was the highest point for the postmenopausal cohort. The implications of this finding become obvious when calculating pulsatility index (PI), the values of which varied significantly for the postmenopausal women, depending on whether V(SYS) or the absolute maximum was used. These findings suggest that hypercapnia increases blood flow velocity waveform reflections, and that PI calculations, particularly for older age groups, may need to be considered more carefully, since these reflections often exceed the systolic peak velocity.
Genetic variability in the promoter and 3' region of the SNCA gene coding alpha-synuclein modulates the risk to develop sporadic Parkinson's disease (PD). Whether this is mediated by regulating alpha-synuclein expression levels remains unknown. Therefore, we analyzed levels of alpha-synuclein in blood and human post mortem brain tissue including the substantia nigra using quantitative real-time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction and enzyme linked immunosorbent assay in vivo. Single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) rs356219, a tagging SNP for a disease-associated haplotype in the 3' region of the SNCA gene, has a significant effect on SNCA mRNA levels in the substantia nigra and the cerebellum. Further, the "protective" genotype 259/259 of the PD-associated promoter repeat NACP-Rep1 is associated with lower protein levels in blood than genotypes 261/261, 259/261, and 259/263. In conclusion, we provide evidence that alpha-synuclein levels are influenced by genetic variability in the promoter and 3' region of the SNCA gene in vivo.
BACKGROUND: We studied sympathovagal activity using real-time heart rate variability (HRV) and determined its relationship with plasma catecholamines to characterize short-term cardioregulatory mechanisms during laparoscopic adrenal pheochromocytoma surgery. METHODS: We recruited 20 patients with pheochromocytoma (Group P) and 20 with incidentaloma (Group I). HRV, systolic blood pressure and heart rate were continuously monitored. The low frequency and high frequency spectra denoted, respectively, sympathetic and parasympathetic activity. The low frequency/high frequency (LF/HF) ratio represented sympathovagal balance. Blood samples for epinephrine and norepinephrine assays were collected before, during, and after surgery. After log transformation of the repeated measures, a linear regression model was applied on their mean values. The correlation coefficients among variables were calculated using the Spearman rank test. RESULTS: No significant changes were observed in Group I. In Group P, epinephrine and norepinephrine increased in all patients during peritoneal insufflation and tumor resection. In 16 patients, systolic blood pressure, heart rate, low frequency, and LF/HF ratio increased concurrently. In four patients, low frequency and LF/HF ratio decreased. Three of these patients had normal systolic blood pressure and heart rate, and the fourth patient had hypotension and tachycardia. The high frequency component was enhanced in 15 patients and was stable in five. Low frequency was correlated with norepinephrine (r = 0.68, P < 0.001), systolic blood pressure (r = 0.66, P < 0.01), and heart rate (r = 0.62, P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated a strong correlation between low frequency HRV, plasma norepinephrine, arterial blood pressure, and heart rate during pheochromocytoma surgery. 
We developed a gel- and label-free proteomics platform for comparative studies of human serum. The method involves the depletion of the six most abundant proteins, protein fractionation by Off-Gel IEF and RP-HPLC, followed by tryptic digestion, LC-MS/MS, protein identification, and relative quantification using probabilistic peptide match score summation (PMSS). We evaluated performance and reproducibility of the complete platform and the individual dimensions, by using chromatograms of the RP-HPLC runs, PMSS based abundance scores and abundance distributions as objective endpoints. We were interested if a relationship exists between the quantity ratio and the PMSS score ratio. The complete analysis was performed four times with two sets of serum samples containing different concentrations of spiked bovine beta-lactoglobulin (0.1 and 0.3%, w/w). The two concentrations resulted in significantly differing PMSS scores when compared to the variability in PMSS scores of all other protein identifications. We identified 196 proteins, of which 116 were identified four times in corresponding fractions whereof 73 qualified for relative quantification. Finally, we characterized the PMSS based protein abundance distributions with respect to the two dimensions of fractionation and discussed some interesting patterns representing discrete isoforms. We conclude that combination of Off-Gel electrophoresis (OGE) and HPLC is a reproducible protein fractionation technique, that PMSS is applicable for relative quantification, that the number of quantifiable proteins is always smaller than the number of identified proteins and that reproducibility of protein identifications should supplement probabilistic acceptance criteria.
OBJECTIVES: To explore the relationship between (1) insulin resistance and inflammation factors with (2) higher heart rate (HR) and lower heart rate variability (HRV) in normoglycemic older adults. DESIGN: Cross-sectional population-based study. PARTICIPANTS: Five hundred forty-five adults aged 65 and older with normoglycemia (fasting glucose <100 mg/dL) who participated in the Cardiovascular Health Study. MEASUREMENTS: Serum levels of three inflammation proteins (C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin 6 (IL-6), and fibrinogen); insulin resistance, quantified according to the homeostasis assessment model (HOMA-IR); HR; and four representative measures of HRV (the standard deviation of normal beat to beat intervals (SDNN), the root mean square of successive differences (rMSSD), very low frequency power (VLF), and the low- to high-frequency power ratio (LF/HF)) derived from 24-hour Holter recordings. RESULTS: High CRP and IL-6 levels were associated with higher HR and lower SDNN and VLF after adjustment for multiple covariates, including HOMA-IR and clinical cardiovascular disease. High IL-6 was also associated with lower LF/HF. Significant univariate inverse relationships between HOMA-IR and HR and HRV were also found, but the strengths of these relationships were attenuated after adjustment for inflammation factors. CONCLUSION: Increased levels of inflammation markers and HOMA-IR are associated with higher HR and lower HRV. These findings suggest that inflammation may contribute to the pathogenesis of cardiovascular autonomic decline in older adults. 
Protein profiling of human serum by matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry (MALDI MS) is potentially a new diagnostic tool for early detection of human diseases, including cancer. Sample preparation is a key issue in MALDI MS and the analysis of complex samples such as serum requires optimized, reproducible methods for handling and deposition of protein samples. Data acquisition in MALDI MS is also a critical issue, since heterogeneity of sample deposits leads to attenuation of ion signals in MALDI MS. In order to improve the robustness and reproducibility of MALDI MS for serum protein profiling we investigated a range of sample preparation techniques and developed a statistical method based on repeated analyses for evaluation of protein-profiling performance of MALDI MS. Two different solid-phase extraction (SPE) methods were investigated, namely custom-made microcolumns and commercially available magnetic beads. Using these two methods, nineteen different sample preparation methods for serum profiling by MALDI MS were systematically tested with regard to matrix selection, stationary phase, selectivity, and reproducibility. Microcolumns were tested with regard to chromatographic properties; reversed phase (C8, C18, SDB-XC), ion-exchange (anion, weak cation, mixed-phase (SDB-RPS)) and magnetic beads were tested with regard to chromatographic properties; reversed phase (C8) or affinity chromatography (Cu-IMAC). The reproducibility of each sample preparation method was determined by enumeration and analysis of protein signals that were detected in at least six out of nine spectra obtained by three triplicate analyses of one serum sample.A candidate for best overall performance as evaluated by the number of peaks generated and the reproducibility of mass spectra was found among the tested methods. Up to 418 reproducible peaks were detected in one cancer serum sample. These protein peaks can be part of a possible diagnostic profile, suggesting that this sample preparation method and data acquisition approach is suitable for large-scale analysis of serum samples for protein profiling.
BACKGROUND: It is crucial to estimate renal function in diabetic patients. However, formulas are inadequate in this population whereas creatinine clearance (C(cr)) on a 24-h urine collection may be valuable only if we can improve its reproducibility. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate in diabetic patients whether standardised procedures of 24-h urine collection improve the day-to-day variability in creatinine urinary excretion and the subsequent precision of the measured C(cr). METHODS: The C(cr) from two consecutive 24-h urine collections was measured in 201 consecutive diabetic inpatients. Procedures of 24-h urine collection were standardised, and implementation was supervised at a diabetes clinic. RESULTS: Pearson's correlation coefficients of the two 24-h creatinine urinary excretion were significant (r(2)=0.64 in women and r(2)=0.65 in men, p<0.0001) but the daily variability in creatinine urinary excretion was high (14.9% in women and 17.4% in men). As a consequence, the agreement between the two consecutive measurements of C(cr) was poor. First, Bland-Altman plots showed large 95% limits of agreement (-34.3 to 34.6 mL/min/1.73 m(2) in women and -39.0 to 52.0 mL/min/1.73 m(2) in men). Secondly, there was a poor agreement for classifying patients according to the National Kidney Foundation classification >90, 60-89.9, 30-59.9, and <30 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (Kappa coefficients=0.61, 0.42, 0.65, and 0.74, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Despite standardised procedures of 24-h urine collection, day-to-day variability in creatinine urinary excretion in adult diabetic men and women remains important, and may lead to misclassification of renal disease. 
BACKGROUND: Subtype variability may influence treatment response and selection of drug resistance mutations in HIV-positive patients on antiretroviral therapy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A retrospective study was performed on specimens collected on dried blood spots (DBS) from HIV-positive individuals receiving antiretroviral therapy in Luanda, Angola. HIV-RNA, drug resistance mutations and subtypes were examined in 294 HIV-positive patients treated with two nucleoside analogues (NA) plus one non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI). RESULTS: Overall, 217 (74%) had <1000 HIV-RNA copies/mL after a median of 12 months (range 7-24) of therapy. CD4 count was significantly higher in subjects with undetectable viraemia compared with viraemic patients (294 versus 220 cells/mm3; P = 0.003). Reverse transcriptase and/or gp41 genes could be genotyped in only 45 (58%) of viraemic patients, probably due to poor storage conditions of DBS. The most frequent resistance mutations were M184V (70%) and K103N (39%); 65% had mutations conferring resistance to both NA and NNRTI. Only five patients did not show resistance mutations. A wide HIV-1 subtype heterogeneity was found: 6 C (18.2%), 2 F (6%), 2 H (6%), 1 D (3%), 1 G (3%), 8 CRF02_AG (24.2%), 2 CRF06 (6%), 1 CRF01_AE (3%), 1 CRF14_BG (3%), 1 CRF25 (3%) and 1 CRF19 (3%). HIV clade could not be assigned in 7 (21%). CONCLUSIONS: Nearly three-quarters of HIV-positive individuals who began an NNRTI-based triple regimen in Angola showed undetectable viraemia after a median of 12 months of therapy, a rate similar to that reported in Western countries. Specimens collected on DBS may allow monitoring of treatment response in resource-limited regions, although adequate temperature and humidity storage conditions are important to ensure RNA stability and further successful testing. 
The reliability and stability of plasma lipid biomarkers and their association with dietary fat intake were evaluated among 48 subjects who were randomly chosen from the participants of a validation study of the population-based cohort, the Shanghai Men's Health Study (SMHS). Four spot blood samples, one taken each season, were measured for total cholesterol, triglyceride, HDL-cholesterol, and LDL-cholesterol levels. The reliability and stability of these measurements were assessed by intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) and by the correlations between a randomly chosen measurement with the mean of measurements across seasons using a bootstrap approach. The median levels for total cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, and LDL-cholesterol were 177.5, 164.5, 41.0, and 102.5 (mg/dl), respectively. The ICCs of the biomarkers ranged from 0.58 (LDL-cholesterol) to 0.83 (HDL-cholesterol). The correlation between randomly chosen spot measurements and the mean measurement were 0.91, 0.86, 0.93, and 0.83 for total cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, and LDL-cholesterol, respectively. The correlations of lipid biomarkers with dietary fat intake and other lifestyle factors were comparable to other previous reports. In conclusion, this study suggests that measurements of lipid biomarkers from a single spot blood sample are a good representation of the average blood levels of these biomarkers in the study population and could be a useful tool for epidemiological studies.
Intrapatient variability in drug plasma concentrations is critical to the use of therapeutic drug monitoring with efavirenz, a non-nucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitor. Marked intrapatient variability, particularly for concentrations near the minimal therapeutic concentration, could be a predictor of virologic failure, meaning that a single concentration is of limited value. Previous reports on efavirenz intra-individual variability were obtained only in follow-up periods of 3 to 12 months and do not provide a rationale for the periodicity of sample measurements needed in long-term therapy to identify patients with a large variability and increased risk of therapeutic failure. The aim of this work was to investigate intra-individual variability in efavirenz plasma concentrations over a long-term follow-up period to support therapeutic drug monitoring. In a case series study, clinical and laboratory data were collected from all HIV-positive adults at the immunodeficiency outpatient clinic who were on regimens containing efavirenz in 2002 and who gave their informed consent (n = 31). Efavirenz plasma concentrations were measured throughout a 3 year period, without dose adjustments. For each patient, 6 to 12 samples were obtained over the follow-up period with an interval of at least 3 months between each sample. Mean plasma concentrations (mg/L) in the first, second, and third year of follow-up were 2.20 +/- 0.64, 2.17 +/- 0.68, and 2.31 +/- 0.57. Mean intra-individual variability throughout the first, second, and third year of study was 27%, 31%, and 25%, ranging from 12% to 63%. No differences in intrapatient variability in efavirenz plasma concentrations were found between females and males, HBV/HCV and HBV/HCV patients, or age above/below 40 years. Mean values (intra-individual variability) in plasma concentrations (mg/L) found in 3 of 31 patients who experienced virologic failure were 1.78 (42%), 1.52 (16%), and 1.68 (45%). The high interindividual variability and low maintained values of intrapatient variability in plasma concentrations support therapeutic drug monitoring, which could be based on measurements taken quarterly during the first year of therapeutics. In patients presenting high values of intra-individual variability (eg, >40%) associated with low plasma concentrations (eg, <2 mg/L), more frequent measurements over longer periods (more than 1 yr) of controlled concentrations might be recommended, but this requires further investigation.
Olanzapine (OLZ) is a widely used antipsychotic substance. Therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) of OLZ is recommended but is based on known reference ranges derived from intraindividual and interindividual variability measurements. There have been few studies on the interindividual variability of OLZ serum concentrations in adolescents, and no data on intraindividual variability are available. This study explored the intraindividual variability of OLZ serum concentrations in 85 patients attending a child and adolescent psychiatric hospital (age at first assessment: mean +/- SD, 16.7 +/- 2.0; range, 10.3-20.6 years; 54 male, 31 female). A total of 577 steady-state OLZ serum concentrations (2 to 24 measurements per patient; mean, 6.8, and SD, +/-5.4) were measured, using high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). Intraindividual variability of dose-corrected OLZ serum concentrations was 1.04- to 10.7-fold. The intraindividual variabilities of the metabolites OLZ N-desmethyl (DMO) and OLZ 2-hydroxymethyl (2OH) were 1.08- to 83.2-fold and 1.0- to 47-fold, respectively. Intraindividual variability of OLZ (DMO; 2OH) serum concentration accounted for 47% (89.8%, 74.9%) of total variance. OLZ daily dose, number of co-medications, body mass index (BMI), age, and post-dose interval had a significant influence on the intraindividual variability of dose-corrected OLZ serum concentrations (all P < 0.001). The serum concentrations of OLZ and OLZ metabolites in adolescents show high intraindividual variability, potentially limiting the value of TDM. It is recommended that repeated serum concentration measurements are made in individuals treated with OLZ, in order to obtain a more precise estimate of the intraindividual variability of serum concentrations.
Increased bladder sensation is the most troublesome symptom of overactive bladder. In clinical practice, reliable noninvasive evaluation of bladder sensation is needed. This study was designed to determine the reliability of a 24-h sensation-related bladder diary (SR-BD) in women with urinary incontinence including clinically relevant information regarding the bladder sensation. A total of 246 women with urinary incontinence filled out a SR-BD for 3 days. They graded the perception of bladder sensation at each micturition and measured the volume voided. The reliability of the 24-h SR-BD method is preserved, when taking into account the grade of bladder sensation. The 24-h SR-BD, which incorporates bladder sensation at each micturition, not only gives information on sensation-related micturition behavior but also shows good reliability. Grading of bladder sensation does not jeopardize this methodology but on the contrary provides added value, which is clinically relevant.
BACKGROUND: Many epidemiologic studies examine the effects of single measurements of hormones, including those related to obesity such as insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) or leptin, on disease associations; however, few studies have determined whether these single values accurately reflect measurements over time. METHODS: We examined the reproducibility of hormones associated with obesity, specifically leptin, IGF-I, and IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3). Two fasting blood samples, approximately four months apart, were collected from 38 participants from the Seattle metropolitan area; leptin, IGF-I, and IGFBP-3 concentrations were measured in previously unthawed serum samples. Unadjusted and adjusted intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) were calculated to assess reproducibility. RESULTS: Adjusting for age and sex, the ICCs for leptin, IGF-I, and IGFBP-3 were 0.73, 0.83 and 0.60, respectively. Weighted kappas yielded similar results. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that for leptin, IGF-I, and IGFBP-3, a single fasting serum measurement can fairly reliably reflect the hormonal milieu over periods of months. 
OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the measurement properties of the EuroQoL EQ-5D and two condition-specific patient-reported outcome measures--the Symptom Severity Index (SSI) and the Urinary Incontinence-Specific Quality of Life instrument (I-QoL)--in women with urinary incontinence. METHODS: A questionnaire comprising all instruments was completed by women taking part in a clinical trial of physiotherapy for urinary incontinence. Follow-up questionnaires were at 6 weeks and 5 months. Data quality, internal consistency reliability, validity and responsiveness were assessed. RESULTS: One hundred and seventy-four patients taking part in the clinical trial completed the questionnaire. Instruments had low levels of missing data. The EQ-5D had a large ceiling effect and poor responsiveness. The SSI had poor validity and responsiveness. The I-QoL had levels of reliability that supported application in group assessment, and in some cases, individual assessment, and good evidence of validity. The I-QoL was the most responsive instrument at both 6 weeks and 5 months. CONCLUSION: The I-QoL was the best performing instrument and is recommended as a continence-specific measure of quality of life in a clinical trial setting. The SSI and EQ-5D are not recommended. Alternative generic instruments, which support economic evaluation, require further evaluation in trials of female urinary incontinence. 
BACKGROUND: Bisphenol A (BPA) is used to manufacture polymeric materials, such as polycarbonate plastics, and is found in a variety of consumer products. Recent data show widespread BPA exposure among the U.S. population. OBJECTIVE: Our goal in the present study was to determine the temporal variability and predictors of BPA exposure. METHODS: We measured urinary concentrations of BPA among male and female patients from the Massachusetts General Hospital Fertility Center. RESULTS: Between 2004 and 2006, 217 urine samples were collected from 82 subjects: 45 women (145 samples) and 37 men (72 samples). Of these, 24 women and men were partners and contributed 42 pairs of samples collected on the same day. Ten women became pregnant during the follow-up period. Among the 217 urine samples, the median BPA concentration was 1.20 microg/L, ranging from below the limit of detection (0.4 microg/L) to 42.6 microg/L. Age, body mass index, and sex were not significant predictors of urinary BPA concentrations. BPA urinary concentrations among pregnant women were 26% higher (-26%, +115%) than those among the same women when not pregnant (p > 0.05). The urinary BPA concentrations of the female and male partner on the same day were correlated (r = 0.36; p = 0.02). The sensitivity of classifying a subject in the highest tertile using a single urine sample was 0.64. CONCLUSION: We found a nonsignificant increase in urinary BPA concentrations in women while pregnant compared with nonpregnant samples from the same women. Samples collected from partners on the same day were correlated, suggesting shared sources of exposure. Finally, a single urine sample showed moderate sensitivity for predicting a subject's tertile categorization. 
AIM: Inter-individual variations in normal human cerebral blood flow (CBF) at rest condition have been reported. Inter-individual variation of cerebral vascular tone is considered to contribute to this, and several determinants of cerebral vascular tone have been proposed. In the present study, the relationship between CBF and cerebral vascular tone to inter-individual variation at rest condition was investigated using positron emission tomography (PET). METHODS: CBF was measured using PET with H(2) (15)O in each of 20 healthy subjects (20-28 years) under three conditions: at rest (baseline), during hypercapnia and during hypocapnia. The vascular response to change in P(a)CO(2) was calculated as the percentage changes in CBF per absolute change in P(a)CO(2) in response to hypercapnia and hypocapnia. RESULTS: A significant negative correlation between baseline CBF and the vascular response to hypocapnia was observed in the thalamus, temporal cortex, parietal cortex, occipital cortex and cerebral cortex (P < 0.05). A trend towards negative correlation between baseline CBF and the vascular response to hypocapnia was observed in the cerebellum and putamen (P < 0.1). A significant negative correlation between baseline CBF and the vascular response to hypercapnia was observed in the occipital cortex (P < 0.05). No significant correlation was observed between baseline CBF and haemoglobin concentration, and P(a)CO(2). CONCLUSION: These findings support the assumption that cerebral vascular tone might incline towards vasoconstriction and vasodilatation when baseline CBF is low and high between individuals respectively. Although several determinants of cerebral vascular tone have been proposed, the mechanism of such inter-individual differences in cerebral vascular tone is unknown. 
BACKGROUND: The reliability of biomarkers profoundly impacts validity of their use in epidemiology and can have serious implications for study power and the ability to find true associations. We assessed reliability of plasma carotenoid levels over time and how it could influence study power through sample size and effect-size. METHODS: Plasma carotenoid levels were measured in a cohort study of 1323 women participating in the control arm of the Women's Healthy Eating and Living Study. We compared mean plasma levels at baseline, year 1, and year 4 of the study for alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, lycopene, lutein, and beta-cryptoxanthin. Reliability of these levels over time was assessed by Spearman correlations and intraclass correlation. RESULTS: We found limited variation in mean levels between any 2 time points. Variation did not exceed 8% for lycopene, lutein, and beta-cryptoxanthin, 15% for alpha-carotene, and 18% for beta-carotene. Spearman correlations for individual carotenoids over time varied between 0.50 and 0.80, with lycopene having the lowest correlation. Intraclass correlations ranged from 0.47 to 0.66 for carotenoids. CONCLUSION: Intraclass correlations for plasma carotenoids over a period of several years are acceptable for epidemiologic studies. However, such variation is enough to decrease statistical power and increase the sample size needed to detect a given effect. 
OBJECTIVE: Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) allows the noninvasive assessment of absolute myocardial blood flow (MBF) in mL/min/g during rest, and hyperemia induced by intravenous adenosine, a powerful coronary vasodilator with short decay time. The longitudinal variability in healthy volunteers of the hemodynamic response to adenosine, and of the MBF response, remain largely unknown. The purpose of this study was to assess the longitudinal variability for resting and hyperemic MBFs in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Thirty participants (19 women, 11 men, mean age 63.2 +/- 9.6; range 45-79 years) underwent 2 MRI exams with an average separation of 334 +/- 158 days (range: 20-645) between the 2 exams, using a rapid, multislice T1-weighted gradient-echo imaging technique at rest and during maximal vasodilation with intravenous adenosine. RESULTS: The absolute repeatability coefficient, corresponding to the 95% confidence intervals of the within subject differences, was 0.29 mL/min/g for rest studies, and 1.13 mL/min/g for hyperemic MBF. The relative repeatability coefficients, expressed as a percentage of the mean blood flow, averaged 30% at rest, and 41% during hyperemia. Differences in resting MBF between the 2 exams from 1.01 +/- 0.22 to 0.91 +/- 0.18 mL/min/g (P = 0.001) were associated with changes in hemodynamic conditions, but no such association was observed for hyperemic MBFs, which averaged 2.84 +/- 0.87 mL/min/g in the first examination, and 2.69 +/- 0.65 mL/min/g at follow-up. Over approximately 1 year of aging between perfusion studies there was no observable decline of the hyperemic response, but the variability of the hyperemic MBF response increased with the lag between baseline and follow-up measurements. CONCLUSIONS: The repeatability of MBF measurements by MRI at rest was similar to results from previous studies with positron emission tomography. 
AIMS: The superiority of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) over multiple daily injections (MDI) with glargine is uncertain. In this randomized cross-over study, we compared CSII and MDI with glargine in patients with Type 1 diabetes well controlled with CSII. The primary end-point was glucose variability. METHODS: Thirty-nine patients [38.1 +/- 9.3 years old (mean +/- sd), diabetes duration 16.6 +/- 8.2 years, glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)) 7.6 +/- 0.8%], already on CSII for at least 6 months, were randomly assigned to CSII with lispro or MDI with lispro and glargine. After 4 months they were switched to the alternative treatment. During the last month of each treatment blood glucose variability was analysed using glucose standard deviation, mean amplitude of glycaemic excursions (MAGE), lability index and average daily risk range (ADRR). As secondary end-points we analysed blood glucose profile, HbA(1c), number of episodes of hypo- and hyperglycaemia, lipid profile, free fatty acids (FFA), growth hormone and treatment satisfaction. RESULTS: During CSII, glucose variability was 5-12% lower than during MDI with glargine. The difference was significant only before breakfast considering glucose standard deviation (P = 0.011), significant overall using MAGE (P = 0.016) and lability index (P = 0.005) and not significant using ADRR. Although HbA(1c) was similar during both treatments, during CSII blood glucose levels were significantly lower, hyperglycaemic episodes were fewer, daily insulin dose was less, FFA were lower and treatment satisfaction was greater than during MDI with glargine. The frequency of hypoglycaemic episodes was similar during both treatments. CONCLUSIONS: During CSII, glucose variability is lower, glycaemic control better and treatment satisfaction higher than during MDI with glargine. 
BACKGROUND: Biological variation of an analyte is an important determinant of its usefulness. Intraindividual variation in serum thyroid hormones, parathyroid hormone (PTH) and insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) in healthy subjects was determined in this study. METHODS: Blood samples were taken at weekly intervals for six weeks from 10 healthy subjects and analysed for serum thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), free thyroxine (FT4), free triiodothyronine (FT3), PTH and IGF-1. RESULTS: Intraindividual variations for serum FT4 and FT3 were <5.0%, IGF-1 9.4% and TSH and PTH 25.1% and 25.9%, respectively. Index of individuality was lowest for FT4 (0.42) and FT3 (0.38), and highest for PTH (1.09). CONCLUSION: Intraindividual variation for FT4, FT3 and IGF-1 are low. 
West Nile virus (WNV) was detected in the United States in 1999, has reoccurred every summer since, and has become endemic. Transfusion transmission was documented in 2002, and screening of blood donations for WNV began in 2003. We investigated genetic variation of WNV in human isolates obtained from specimens collected from 30 infected blood donors who tested positive for WNV RNA during 2002-2005. Complete genomic sequences of 8 isolates and structural gene sequences from 22 additional isolates were analyzed. We found some genetic diversity in isolates from different geographic regions and genetic divergence from reported sequences from epidemics in 1999-2001. Nucleotide divergence of structural genes showed a small increase from 2002 (0.18%) to 2005 (0.37%), suggesting absence of strong selective pressure and limited genetic evolution of WNV during that period. Nevertheless, WNV has continued to diverge from precursor isolates as geographic distribution of the virus has expanded.
AIM: To examine inter- and intrapatient variability in the pharmacokinetics of intravenous (i.v.) busulphan given as a single daily dose to children with malignant (n = 19) and nonmalignant (n = 21) disease. METHODS: Busulphan (120 mg m(-2), 130 mg m(-2) or 3.2 mg kg(-1)) was administered over median 2.1 h. Blood samples (4-10) were collected after the first dose, busulphan concentrations were measured and pharmacokinetic parameters, including clearance (CL) and area under the concentration-time curve (AUC), were determined using the Kinetica software (Innaphase). Interpatient variability was assessed as percent coefficient of variation (% CV). Intrapatient variability was assessed by calculating percent differences between observed full dose AUC and AUC predicted from an initial 65 mg m(-2) dose in 13 children who had busulphan pharmacokinetic monitoring. RESULTS: Clearance of i.v. busulphan in 40 children was 4.78 +/- 2.93 l h(-1) (% CV 61%), 0.23 +/- 0.08 l h(-1) kg(-1) (% CV 35%) and 5.79 +/- 1.59 l h(-1) m(-2) (% CV 27%). Age correlated significantly (p < 0.001) with CL (l h(-1)) and CL (l h(-1) kg(-1)), but not with CL (l h(-1) m(-2)). AUC normalized to the 130 mg m(-2) dose ranged from 14.1 to 56.3 mg l(-1) x h (% CV 37%) and also did not correlate with age. Interpatient variability in CL (l h(-1) m(-2)) was highest in six children with immune deficiencies (60%) and lowest in seven children with solid tumours (14%). Intrapatient variability was <13% for nine (of 13) children, but between 20 and 44% for four children. CONCLUSIONS: There is considerable inter- and intrapatient variability in i.v. busulphan CL (l h(-1) m(-2)) and exposure that is unrelated to age, especially in children with immune deficiencies. These results suggest that monitoring of i.v. busulphan pharmacokinetics is required. 
S-1 is an oral anticancer agent composed of tegafur (FT), 5-chloro-2,4-dihydroxypyridine (CDHP), and potassium oxonate. CDHP is added to prevent degradation of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) by inhibiting dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase. CYP2A6 is involved in the biotransformation of FT to 5-FU. Thus, we prospectively analyzed the effects of the CYP2A6 genotype, plasma level of CDHP, and patient characteristics on the pharmacokinetic (PK) variability of FT and 5-FU. Fifty-four Japanese patients with metastatic or recurrent cancers who received S-1 were enrolled. The CYP2A6 polymorphisms (*4A, *7, and *9) with deficient or reduced activity were analyzed. All subjects were classified into three groups according to their CYP2A6 genotype: wild type (*1/*1), one-variant allele (*1/any), or two-variant alleles (combination other than *1). The PK of FT, 5-FU, and CDHP were measured on day 1 of treatment. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that oral clearance of FT was associated with the CYP2A6 genotype (analysis of variance [ANOVA], P = 0.000838). The oral clearance of FT seen in patients with the two-variant alleles was significantly lower than those in wild type and the one-variant allele (95% confidence intervals 0.75-2.41 and 0.41-1.82, respectively; Tukey-Kramer test). The area under the time-concentration curve (AUC) of 5-FU was significantly correlated with the AUC of CDHP (ANOVA, P = 0.00126). The AUC of 5-FU and CDHP were inversely correlated with creatinine clearance (ANOVA, P = 0.0164 and P = 0.000762, respectively). Although the CYP2A6 variants are the cause of the PK variability of FT, the AUC of CDHP affected by renal function is the key determinant of the variability in the PK of 5-FU.
OBJECTIVE: Aiming to develop more reliable methods for determination of fetal gender from maternal plasma we compared three different systems of polymerase chain reaction (PCR) detection of Y-chromosome DNA. METHODS: Cell-free DNA was isolated from 96 samples of maternal plasma and (1) amplified using AmpFLSTR-Identifiler (15 autosomal STR loci and amelogenin) or AmpFLSTR-Yfiler (16 Y-chromosome STR loci) kits and subsequently analyzed on ABI-PRISM 310 Genetic Analyzer, or (2) analyzed using Quantifiler-Y DNA-Quantification kit. Gender of fetuses was confirmed by cytogenetic analysis or phenotypically at birth. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: AmpFLSTR-Identifiler and Quantifiler-Y Human-Quantification kits were rather reliable in determining fetal gender (92.5 and 98.1%, respectively), but false negatives were still present in both systems. AmpFLSTR-Yfiler was found to be fully reliable as it amplified Y-chromosome in all cases of male fetuses, and was thus 100% correct in determining fetal gender. In addition, it enabled comparison of polymorphic Y-chromosome loci between father and a child, thus further supporting specificity of obtained results. 
We determined the interobserver variability in the assessment of clinical criteria for urinary tract infection (UTI) in nursing home residents. Pairs of nursing home staff caring for 30 residents were interviewed at the time UTI was suspected. At least one measure from each of 7 clinical criteria categories was reliably assessed by nursing home staff members.
BACKGROUND: Although blood utilization has been under considerable scrutiny for the past two decades, particularly for surgery, studies comparing perioperative blood transfusion practices between countries are rare, and the evolution of international standards remains unknown. Therefore, the objective of this evaluation was to compare the perioperative transfusion of blood components in cardiac surgery in multiple centers in different countries. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: Transfusion practice was investigated prospectively in 70 centers among 16 countries. A total of 5065 randomly selected cardiac surgery patients of the Multicenter Study of Perioperative Ischemia Epidemiology II (EPI II) Study were evaluated. Utilization of red blood cells (RBCs), fresh-frozen plasma (FFP), and platelets (PLTs) was assessed daily, before, during, and after surgery until hospital discharge. RESULTS: Intraoperative RBC transfusion varied from 9 to 100 percent among the 16 countries, and 25 to 87 percent postoperatively (percentage of transfused patients). Similarly, frequency of transfusion of FFP varied from 0 to 98 percent intraoperatively and 3 to 95 percent postoperatively, and PLT transfusion from 0 to 51 and 0 to 39 percent, respectively. Moreover, there were not only marked differences in transfusion rates between centers in different countries but also in interinstitutional comparison of multiple centers within countries. CONCLUSION: In cardiac surgical patients, marked variability in transfusion practice exists between centers in various countries and suggests differences in perioperative practice patterns as well as possible inappropriate use. International standardization of perioperative practice patterns as well as transfusion regimes appears necessary. 
BACKGROUND: Cigarette smoking increased the risk of acute cardiac events related with endothelial dysfunction and increased sympathetic activity. Impaired autonomic nervous activity is recognized as a considerable symptom of cardiac dysfunction and is strongly associated with increased risk overall mortality. METHODS: A total of 75 healthy habitual smokers (40 female, 35 male, mean age 36.5 +/- 8.5 years), and 73 non-smokers subjects (45 female, 28 male, mean age 34.6 +/- 7.2 years) were studied. LF and LF/HF ratio were significantly higher in smokers than in non-smokers. On the contrary, SDNN, SDANN, RMSSD, and HF values were lower in smokers compared to those in non-smokers. Not the duration of smoking but the number of cigarettes smoked per day was correlated with the HRV parameters and NT-pro BNP. Furthermore, the average levels of NT-pro BNP were found to be positively correlated with LF, LF/HF and inversely correlated with SDNN, SDANN, RMSSD and HF. RESULTS: As a result, smoking impaires sympathovagal balance and decreases the heart rate variability in healthy subjects. And even a one cigarette smoking leads to overt sympathetic excitation. Furthermore, smoking results in an increase in NT-proBNP levels and the changes in adrenergic nervous system and NT-proBNP levels are well correlated. CONCLUSION: These findings could contribute to the higher rate of cardiovascular events in smokers. 
BACKGROUND: The determination of reference intervals for the concentration of total S-nitrosothiols (RSNOs) in blood is a highly controversial topic, likely because of the inherent instability of these species. Most currently available techniques to quantify RSNOs in blood require considerable sample handling and multiple pretreatment steps during which light exposure is difficult to completely eliminate. We investigated the effect of brief light exposure on the stability of RSNO species in blood during the initial sampling process. METHODS: A novel amperometric RSNO sensor, based on an immobilized organoselenium catalyst at the distal tip of an electrochemical nitric oxide detector, was used to determine RSNO species in diluted whole blood without centrifugation or pretreatment. Porcine blood was collected into aluminum foil-wrapped syringes via a 12-inch butterfly needle tube assembly. Two blood samples were collected from the same animal -- one with the butterfly needle tubing wrapped in aluminum foil and one with the tubing exposed to ambient room light. The RSNO concentrations in these sequential blood samples were determined by a standard addition procedure. RESULTS: Eight sets of measurements were made in 6 animals. Samples exposed to light yielded RSNO concentrations only 23.6% (7.2%) [mean (SD)] of the RSNO concentrations determined in samples that were shielded from light and obtained from the same animals. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest significant photoinstablity of RSNOs in whole blood and indicate the critical importance of proper light protection during sampling and processing of blood samples for the accurate determinations of endogenous RSNO concentrations. 
BACKGROUND: Several studies have reported ethnic, education, and income differentials in concentrations of selected nutritional biomarkers in the US population. Although biomarker measurements are not subject to biased self-reports, biologic variability due to individual characteristics and behaviors related to dietary exposures contributes to within-subject variability and measurement error. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to establish whether the magnitude of components of variance for nutritional biomarkers also differs in these high-risk groups. DESIGN: We used data from 2 replicate measurements of serum concentrations of vitamins A, C, D, and E; folate; carotenoids; ferritin; and selenium in the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey second examination subsample (n = 948) to examine the within-subject and between-subject components of variance. We used multivariate regression methods with log-transformed analyte concentrations as outcomes to estimate the ratios of the within-subject to between-subject components of variance by categories of ethnicity, income, and education. RESULTS: In non-Hispanic blacks, the within-subject to between-subject variance ratio for beta-cryptoxanthin concentration was higher (0.23; 95% CI: 0.17, 0.29) relative to non-Hispanic whites (0.13; 0.11, 0.16) and Mexican Americans (0.11; 0.07, 0.14), and the lutein + zeaxanthin ratio was higher (0.29; 0.21, 0.38) relative to Mexican Americans (0.15; 0.10, 0.19). Higher income was associated with larger within-subject to between-subject variance ratios for serum vitamin C and red blood cell folate concentrations but smaller ratios for serum vitamin A. Overall, there were few consistent up- or down-trends in the direction of covariate-adjusted variability by ethnicity, income, or education. CONCLUSION: Population groups at high risk of adverse nutritional profiles did not have larger variance ratios for most of the examined biomarkers. 
The present study aimed to assess whether arterial carbon dioxide pressure (Pa,CO(2)) has an impact on agreement between oxygen saturation measured with pulse oximetry (Sp,O(2)) or arterial blood gas co-oximetry (Sa,O(2)). Sa,O(2) and Sp,O(2) determinations were obtained simultaneously from 846 patients under assessment for long-term home oxygen therapy in a specialised outpatient clinic. Both measurements were taken with patients seated and breathing room air. Agreement between Sa,O(2) and Sp,O(2) results was analysed by the Bland-Altman method and the Lin concordance coefficient. In addition, potential interactions of arterial oxygen tension (Pa,O(2)) or Pa,CO(2) on agreement were analysed by adjusted multivariate analysis. Upon comparison of Sa,O(2) and Sp,O(2) results, the Bland-Altman technique yielded a bias (95% confidence interval (CI)) of -1.24 (-6.86-4.38) and -1.32 (-7.78-5.15) when Pa,CO(2) >48 mmHg (6.39 kPa) or Pa,O(2) <54 mmHg (7.20 kPa), respectively. Estimate by Lin's coefficient (95% CI) in these cases was 0.88 (0.85-0.90) and 0.81 (0.77-0.85). Adjusted multivariate analysis, performed to assess the impact of pH, Pa,O(2), Pa,CO(2) and bicarbonate on bias, showed that Pa,O(2), Pa,CO(2) and their interaction terms were the most important predictors of the bias (standardised estimates of -0.54, -0.94, and 0.85, respectively). The effect of pH, although statistically significant, was small, and bicarbonate had no significant effect. Arterial carbon dioxide pressure status can contribute to impaired agreement between arterial oxygen saturation and arterial oxygen saturation measured with pulse oximetry, particularly in patients with hypercapnia.
The aim of our study was to evaluate whether specifically designed urine collection pads give reliable results for routine and metabolic biochemistry tests in paediatric urine. Urine collected by bag or clean-catch from infants and children <2 yrs without metabolic disorders was divided into two aliquots, one of which was added to a collection pad, incubated for 15 min at 37 degrees C (simulating in vivo collection conditions), then recovered by aspiration. Urine from adults with phaeochromocytoma and aqueous solutions of catecholamines were similarly treated. Routine, catecholamine, and metabolic analyses were performed on pad/non-pad aliquots. Selected metabolic analyses were also performed on pad/non-pad urine from patients with diagnosed inborn errors and urine containing added metabolites to simulate metabolic disorders. Routine tests (urea, electrolytes, creatinine, osmolality, calcium:creatinine, phosphate:creatinine, magnesium:creatinine, urate:creatinine [n = 32], oxalate:creatinine [n = 10]), and catecholamines (n = 12) showed good or acceptable concordance with no clinically significant pad/non-pad differences. Metabolic tests in infants and children without metabolic disorders all showed good pad/non-pad concordance for amino acids (n = 10), organic acids (n = 12), and glycosaminoglycans (n = 8). In patients with metabolic disorders (phenylketonuria [n = 1], homozygous/heterozygous cystinuria [n = 3], mucopolysaccharidoses II [n = 2] and III [n = 1], organic acid disorders [n = 6]) and urine containing added orotic acid to simulate urea cycle disorders, there was also good pad/non-pad concordance for diagnostic urinary metabolites. No extraneous organic acids were eluted from the pads. Sugar chromatography showed identical staining intensity in pad/non-pad samples. In conclusion, urine collection pads give reliable results for a wide range of routine and metabolic biochemistry tests in urine from paediatric patients.
Environmental stressors impact physiology and behavior in many species of animals. These effects are partly mediated through changing concentrations of glucocorticoids, which also vary with reproductive state and social conditions. Prior research has focused largely on seasonal breeders, but the close temporal linkage between season and reproductive state in these species hinders ability to disentangle environmental effects from those of the animal's reproductive status. Here we assessed the effects of environmental challenges on the fecal glucocorticoid (fGC) levels of non-seasonal breeders, female baboons (Papio cynocephalus) of Amboseli, Kenya. Amboseli is characterized by a long dry season, during which food and water become scarce, and by extreme temperatures above 40 degrees C in the shade during some months of the year. We found that after accounting for female reproductive status and individual variability, females exhibited higher fGC levels during the dry season than during the wet season. Further, during the wet season, fGC levels were higher in months of high average daily maximum temperatures. During the dry season, fGC levels were elevated both in hotter months and in months during which the baboons spent a relatively high proportion of time feeding. In spite of these stressors, female baboons reproduce during all months of the year in Amboseli, unlike most other mammals in this environment. This may be attributable to their extreme adaptability, specifically their diversified diet, and their ability to modify their behavior, including their activity profiles.
We tested the hypothesis that the individual ventilatory adaptation to high altitude (HA, 5050 m) may influence renal water excretion in response to water loading. In 8 healthy humans (33+/-4 S.D. years) we studied, at sea level (SL) and at HA, resting ventilation (VE), arterial oxygen saturation (SpO2), urinary output after water loading (WL, 20 mL/kg), and total body water (TBW). Ventilatory response to HA was defined as the difference in resting VE over SpO2 (DeltaVE/DeltaSpO2) from SL to HA. At HA, a significant increase in urinary volume after the first hour from WL (%WLt0-60) was observed. Significant correlations were found between DeltaVE/DeltaSpO2 versus %WLt0-60 at HA and versus changes in TBW, from SL to HA. In conclusion, in healthy subjects the ventilatory response to HA influences water balance and correlates with kidney response to WL. A higher ventilatory response at HA, allowing a more efficient water renal handling, is likely to be a protective mechanisms from altitude illness.
UNLABELLED: The passive properties of the pelvic floor muscles (PFM) might play a role in stress urinary incontinence (SUI) pathophysiology. AIM: To investigate the test-retest reliability of the dynamometric passive properties of the PFM in postmenopausal SUI women. METHODS: Thirty-two SUI postmenopausal women were convened to two sessions 2 weeks apart. In each session, the measurements were repeated twice. The pelvic floor musculature was evaluated in four different conditions: (1) forces recorded at minimal aperture (initial passive resistance); (2) passive resistance at maximal aperture; (3) five lengthening and shortening cycles (Forces and passive elastic stiffness (PES) were evaluated at different vaginal apertures. Hysteresis was also calculated.); (4) Percentage of passive resistance loss after 1 min of sustained stretching was computed. The generalizability theory was used to calculate two reliability estimates, the dependability indices (Phi) and the standard error of measurement (SEM), for one session involving one measurement or the mean of two measurements. RESULTS: Overall, the reliability of the passive properties was good with indices of dependability of 0.75-0.93. The SEMs for forces and PES were 0.24-0.67 N and 0.03-0.10 N/mm, respectively, for mean, maximal and 20-mm apertures, representing an error between 13% and 23%. Passive forces at minimal aperture showed lower reliability (Phi = 0.51-0.57) compared with other vaginal openings. The aperture at a common force of 0.5 N was the only parameter demonstrating a poor reliability (Phi = 0.35). CONCLUSION: This new approach for assessing PFM passive properties showed enough reliability for highly recommending its inclusion in the PFM assessment of SUI postmenopausal women. 
Average concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in dust in 30 homes, 18 offices, and 20 cars were 260,000, 31,000, and 340,000 ng SigmaPBDEs g(-1) respectively. Concentrations of BDEs 47, 99, 100, and 154 in cars exceeded significantly (p<0.05) those in homes and offices. Average concentrations of 1,2-bis(2,4,6-tribromophenoxy)ethane (TBE) and decabromodiphenyl ethane (DBDPE) in homes, offices, and cars respectively were lower at 120, 7.2, and 7.7 ng g(-1) (TBE) and 270, 170, and 400 ng g(-1) (DBDPE). BDE-209 concentrations in three samples are the highest to date at 2,600,000 (car), 2,200,000 (home), and 1,400,000 ng g(-1) (home). UK toddlers daily consuming 200 mg dust contaminated at the 95th percentile concentration, ingest 180 ng (Sigma)tri-hexa-BDEs and 310 microg BDE-209 day(-1). For TBE, exposure was lower than for PBDEs and hexabromocyclododecanes (HBCDs), while that for DBDPE was similar in magnitude to (Sigma)tri-hexa-BDEs, but less than for BDE-209 and HBCDs. BDE-209 concentrations recorded in ten samples taken at monthly intervals in one room varied 400-fold, implying caution when using single measurements of dust contamination for exposure assessment. Significant negative correlation was observed in one room between concentrations of BDE-47, 99, and 153 and dust loading (g dust m(-2) floor), suggesting "dilution" occurs at higher dust loadings.
Exposure to tobacco smoke is an established cause of cancer in humans and cigarette smoking is a risk factor for urinary bladder cancer development. Aromatic amines are believed responsible for the bladder-specific carcinogenic effect, but polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are also of potential relevance. Urothelial cells contain a number of xenobiotic-metabolizing enzymes, which enable them to convert pro-carcinogens into reactive intermediates. In a preceding study, it was demonstrated using cultured porcine urinary bladder epithelial cells (PUBEC) that CYP1A1 mRNA is induced in a potent manner by treatment with benzo[a]pyrene (BaP). In the present study, the time dependence of these effects was evaluated and whether PUBEC cultures derived from individual donors respond differently to BaP treatment was determined. CYP1A1 induction was analyzed by quantitative reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), and genotoxic effects were studied using the Comet assay. Incubation of PUBEC with BaP increased CYP1A1 expression and induction of DNA strand breaks in a time-dependent manner. Interindividual differences were found between PUBEC cultures derived from several donor animals with respect to the response to BaP, such that the extent of CYP1A1 induction and magnitude of DNA damage was interrelated. Hence, individual differences in metabolic capacities and responsiveness to xenobiotics of urothelial cells from individual donors may be factors in susceptibility to genotoxic effects induced by PAHs.
Estimation of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) is central to the diagnosis, evaluation and management of chronic kidney disease (CKD). This review summarizes data on the performance of equations using serum creatinine to estimate GFR, particularly the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) Study equation. The size of studies evaluating GFR estimation equations and their level of sophistication in estimating bias, precision, validity and sensitivity to the source population have improved over the past decade. We update our review from 2006, which included 7 studies with over 500 individuals and 12 studies with 50-499 individuals with measured GFR evaluating the MDRD Study and Cockcroft-Gault equations. More recent studies include an individual level pooling analysis of 5504 participants in 10 studies which showed that creatinine calibration to reference methods improved the performance of the MDRD Study equation but increased bias for the Cockcroft-Gault equation. The MDRD Study equation had a bias of 3.0 %, interquartile range of 29.0 % and percentage of estimates within 30 % of the measured GFR value (P(30)) of 82 % for estimates below 60 mL/(min x 1.73 m(2)). Above this value, the bias was greater (8.7 %) and estimates are less useful since 30 % error is a large absolute error in GFR. Results vary across studies but are generally similar with disappointing performance in the high GFR range, which is of particular interest in early diabetic nephropathy. New equations using serum creatinine can reduce the bias present in the high GFR range but are unlikely to dramatically improve precision, suggesting a need for additional markers. Finally, algorithms are needed to tailor clinical practice based on data from GFR estimates and other participant characteristics, including the source population and level of proteinuria.
The application of reversed-phase ultra-performance liquid chromatography, based on the use of sub 2 microm particles, combined with time-of-flight mass spectrometry has been investigated for the production of global metabolite profiles from human urine. The stability and repeatability of the methodology, which employed gradient elution, was determined by the repeat analysis of a pooled quality control (QC) sample. As seen in previous studies conducted with conventional LC-MS an element of system conditioning was required to obtain reproducible data, as the initial injections were unrepresentative. However, once the system had equilibrated excellent repeatability in terms of retention time, signal intensity and mass accuracy was seen providing confidence that for this matrix, the within-day repeatability of UPLC-TOF-MS was sufficient to assure data quality in global metabolic profiling applications.
The objectives of this study were to evaluate the diagnostic value of 99mTc-HMPAO labelled white blood cell scintigraphy (WBCS) in patients with suspected osteomyelitis using late images and to study interobserver reproducibility. This study prospectively included 120 patients, and after a follow-up of one year, only 70 patients (n = 49 with implants, n = 21 without implants) were selected. The final diagnosis of infection was based either on microbiological data (n = 54) or follow-up (n = 16). We performed WBCS with 4 h and 24 h scans. Sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, negative predictive value, and accuracy were 77%, 72%, 83%, 64%, and 75% at 4 h, and 74%, 87%, 91%, 59%, and 79% at 24 h, respectively. The interobserver reproducibility shows a 63% prevalence of agreement between results (kappa = 0.5) at 4 h and 80% (kappa = 0.74) at 24 h, respectively. WBCS with 24-h images improves specificity and interobserver reproducibility in patients with suspected osteoarticular sepsis.
BACKGROUND: The significant interindividual and intraindividual variability in the blood concentrations of the most commonly used calcineurin inhibitors such as tacrolimus and cyclosporine makes the exact dosing of these agents in transplant recipients very challenging. As both of these drugs have narrow therapeutic index and are metabolized by hepatic and intestinal cytochrome P450 3A, we tested the hypothesis that these variations are secondary to varying first-pass effects in the gut and the liver over a period of time. CASE REPORT: A liver transplant recipient, who had previously presented with tacrolimus toxicity on his usual dosing regimen and intolerant to standard doses of cyclosporine, was selected to undergo the study. Oral and intravenous midazolam was used as the probe to measure hepatic and intestinal CYP3A4 activities at two different time points (phases one and two). Small intestinal biopsies were also obtained for measuring CYP3A4 activity for in vitro studies. On serially determining the patient's hepatic and intestinal CYP3A activities, we concluded that the variability in the dosing requirements is due to altered first-pass effects in the intestine. DISCUSSION: Transplant recipients receive multiple medications that may inhibit or induce these metabolizing enzymes, which eventually determine the concentrations of these narrow therapeutic agents. If no obvious etiology of intolerance to calcineurin inhibitors in a transplant recipient is identified, one should consider altered first-pass effects in the gut and the liver contributing to intraindividual variations in the blood concentrations. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine whether interindividual heterogeneity in the erythrocyte (red blood cell [RBC]) transmembrane glucose gradient might explain discordances between A1C and glycemic control based on measured fructosamine. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We modeled the relationship between plasma glucose and RBC glucose as the concentration distribution (C(i)-to-C(o) ratio) of a nonmetabolizable glucose analog (14)C-3-O-methyl glucose ((14)C-3OMG) inside (C(i)) and outside (C(o)) RBCs in vitro. We examined the relationship between that distribution and the degree of glycation of hemoglobin in comparison with glycation of serum proteins (fructosamine), the glycation gap. A1C, fructosamine, and in vitro determination of the (14)C-3OMG distribution in glucose-depleted RBCs were measured in 26 fasted subjects. RESULTS: The C(i)-to-C(o) ratio 0.89 +/- 0.07 for 3-O-methyl-d-glucopyranose (3OMG) ranged widely (0.72-1.04, n = 26). In contrast, urea C(i)-to-C(o) (1.015 +/- 0.022 [range 0.98-1.07], P < 0.0001) did not. Concerning mechanism, in a representative subset of subjects, the C(i)-to-C(o) ratio was retained in RBC ghosts, was not dependent on ATP or external cations, and was reestablished after reversal of the glucose gradient. The 3OMG C(i)-to-C(o) ratio was not correlated with serum fructosamine, suggesting that it was independent of mean plasma glucose. However, C(i)-to-C(o) did correlate with A1C (R(2) = 0.19) and with the glycation gap (R(2) = 0.20), consistent with a model in which differences in internal glucose concentration at a given mean plasma glucose contribute to differences in A1C for given level of glycemic control. CONCLUSIONS: The data demonstrate interindividual heterogeneity in glucose gradients across RBC membranes that may affect hemoglobin glycation and have implications for diabetes complications risk and risk assessment. 
T-cell lymphocyte populations can be delineated into subsets based on expression of cell surface proteins that can be measured in peripheral blood by monoclonal antibodies and flow cytometry percentages of the lymphocyte subpopulations. In order to accurately assess immunocompetence in birds, natural variability in both avian immune function and the methodology must be understood. Our objectives were to (1) further develop flow cytometry for estimating subpopulations of lymphocytes in peripheral blood from poultry, (2) estimate repeatability and variability in the methodology with respect to poultry in a free-range and environmentally diverse situation, and (3) estimate the best antibody and cell marker combination for estimating lymphocyte subpopulations. This work demonstrated the repeatability of using flow cytometry for measurements of peripheral blood in chickens using anti-chicken antibodies for lymphocyte subpopulations. Immunofluorescence staining of cells isolated from peripheral blood revealed that the CD3(+) antibodies reacted with an average of approximately 12-24% of the lymphoid cells in the blood, depending on the fluorescence type. The CD4(+) and CD8(+) molecules were expressed in a range of 4-31% and 1-10% of the lymphoid cells in the blood, respectively. Both fluorescence label and antibody company contribute to the variability of results and should be considered in future flow cytometry studies in poultry.
Umbilical venous blood flow could be considered a direct and physiological measurement of vascular placental function, representing the quantity of oxygen and nutrients reaching the fetus. The advent of high-technology ultrasound and pulsed Doppler has overcome some of the limitations of early studies. Indeed, Doppler measurement of umbilical venous blood flow has been found to be accurate when compared with several gold standards for in-vivo flow calculation. Nevertheless, small errors in volume flow components, the vessel area and the mean velocity, result in large errors in the calculation of volume flow. Therefore, technique standardization is of paramount importance. Validation studies in animal models have demonstrated accurate venous blood flow measurements by estimating the vessel's cross-sectional area from perpendicular views of longitudinal sections of free-floating portions of the cord. On the other hand, estimation of the mean velocity from the maximum velocity, rather than using the intensity-weighted mean velocity, is less software-dependent and more clearly defined, yielding estimates with more predictable and systematic errors. By adhering to stringent methodological recommendations, umbilical venous blood flow calculation has moderate to good intra- and interobserver reproducibility. Having been found to be accurate and reproducible, further studies are required to establish the clinical value of umbilical vein flow measurement.
The mouse model of intraluminal suture middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAO) is still associated with several issues, such as variability of infarction volume and survival. Thus, the method is far from standardization. The effect of blood flow in the pterygopalatine artery (PPA) in the mouse MCAO model remains obscure. While producing mouse MCAO models using commercially available silicone-coated monofilaments, we temporarily occluded the common carotid artery (CCA) or PPA to determine whether cerebral blood flow (CBF) values, infarct size and the stability of the model would be affected. Forty male C57BL/6 mice were divided into 3 groups: MCAO with blocked CCA blood flow (MCAO-C; n=12), MCAO with blocked PPA blood flow (MCAO-P; n=16) and MCAO without either CCA or PPA blood flow blockage (MCAO-U; n=12). We found that the CBF values were significantly higher during occlusion in the MCAO-U than in the other two groups (p<0.001). We stained whole brains from each group at 24h after reperfusion with 2% 2,3,5-triphenyltetrazolium chloride. Although mean infarct volume did not obviously differ between the MCAO-U and other two groups, infarct volumes varied significantly more within the MCAO-U, than in the other two groups (p<0.05). We concluded that collateral circulation from the PPA to the brain significantly influences the MCAO model, and cannot be ignored. An approximately consistent mouse MCAO model can be generated using commercially available silicone-coated sutures while blocking PPA blood flow during occlusion.
Total plasma concentrations are used for therapeutic drug monitoring of antiretroviral drugs, whereas antiviral activity is expected to depend on unbound concentrations. The determination of free (unbound) concentrations by ultrafiltration may be flawed by the irreversible adsorption of many drugs onto the membrane filters and plastic components of the device. The authors describe a modified ultrafiltration method enabling the accurate measurement of unbound concentrations of 10 antiretroviral drugs by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectroscopy, which circumvents the problem of loss by adsorption in the early ultrafiltration fractions. The method was applied to assess the variability of free fractions of antiretroviral drugs during routine therapeutic drug monitoring in 144 patients with HIV. In in vitro experiments, ultrafiltrate collected in four fractions (0-8, 8-16, 16-24, and 24-30 minutes) gave much lower and more variable free drug concentrations in the first ultrafiltrate fraction than in the last three fractions for lopinavir, nelfinavir, saquinavir, tipranavir, and efavirenz. In the last two fractions, free concentrations remained constant, indicating saturable adsorption. The adsorption was modest for indinavir, amprenavir, and ritonavir, and unnoticeable for atazanavir and nevirapine. Free fraction values obtained with this modified ultrafiltration method reveal substantial interindividual variability, suggesting that monitoring unbound antiretroviral drug concentrations may increase its clinical usefulness, especially for lopinavir, saquinavir, and efavirenz.
Paroxetine is characterized by large interindividual pharmacokinetic variability and heterogeneous response patterns. The present study investigates plasma concentration and therapeutic response to paroxetine for the influence of age, sex, and CYP2D6 and ABCB1 polymorphisms, the latter gene encoding for the permeability glycoprotein. Genotyping for CYP2D6 (alleles *3, *4, *5, *6, and *xN) and ABCB1 polymorphisms (61A>G, 2677G>T, and 3435C>T) was performed in 71 depressed patients who started 20 mg paroxetine per day and had plasma concentration measured after 2 weeks at a fixed dose. A dose increase to 30 mg per day was possible starting at week 2. For 63 patients, severity of depression (Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale) was assessed at weeks 0, 2, and 4 and every 2 weeks thereafter until discontinuation. Persistent response was defined as 50% improvement from baseline score sustained from the first occurrence to study end point. Paroxetine concentration significantly differed between female and male patients (median, 28 versus 16 ng/mL; P = 0.001). Differences were not significant between CYP2D6 heterozygous and homozygous extensive metabolizers (median, 27 versus 22 ng/mL; P = 0.074) and between ABCB1 genotypes (P > 0.10). When considered in a multivariate model, CYP2D6 heterozygous extensive metabolizer phenotype (P = 0.062) and female gender (P = 0.001) predicted 1.3-fold and 1.6-fold higher paroxetine concentration, respectively, but fraction of explained variability was modest (21%). Frequency of persistent response at study end point did not significantly differ according to CYP2D6 heterozygous extensive metabolizer versus homozygous extensive metabolizer phenotype and ABCB1 polymorphisms in univariate analyses. After adjusting for age, sex, paroxetine concentration at week 2, and daily dose at study end point, ABCB1 genotype contributed to improving the model significantly for 61A>G (P = 0.043), but not 2677G>T (P = 0.068) and 3435C>T (P = 0.11). None of two poor metabolizers and four ultrarapid metabolizers showed persistent response to paroxetine. The hypothesis that permeability glycoprotein activity might be a relevant predictor of therapeutic response deserves to be further investigated while controlling for pharmacokinetic variability.
Aripiprazole is a fairly new atypical antipsychotic substance. It acts as a partial D2- and 5-HT1A-agonist and as a 5-HT2A-antagonist. To date, there are few data concerning the dose-serum concentration relationship in children and adolescent psychiatric patients. Also, there are only few data on the influence of age, sex, body mass index, smoking behavior, and comedication on aripiprazole serum concentrations. In 33 consecutively admitted patients of a child and adolescent psychiatric hospital [age (mean +/- standard deviation) 18.7 +/- 1.7 years (range, 13.5-21.6 years)], 117 steady-state serum concentrations (repeated samples from individuals) of aripiprazole and its metabolite dehydroaripiprazole were assessed using high-performance liquid chromatography. The aripiprazole (mean +/- standard deviation) daily dose was 12.9 +/- 6.4 mg (range, 5-30 mg); the aripiprazole serum concentration was 142.0 +/- 122.7 ng/mL (range, 40.0-648.3 ng/mL; interquartile range, 74.0-167.0 ng/mL). The mean dehydroaripiprazole serum concentration was 51.6 +/- 22.3 ng/mL (range, 30.0-111.6 ng/mL; interquartile range, 34.3-62.1 ng/mL). There was a positive correlation between oral dose and serum concentrations of aripiprazole (r = 0.548, P = 0.001) and dehydroaripiprazole (r = 0.740, P < 0.0005). Aripiprazole serum concentrations showed high inter- and intraindividual variability. Intraindividual variability was one- to 9.3-fold (dehydroaripiprazole: one- to 8.6-fold) and maximum interindividual variability 6.4-fold (dehydroaripiprazole: 6.8-fold). No significant influence was detected for age, sex, body mass index, comedication, and smoking on concentration-to-dose aripiprazole serum concentrations. Further studies are required to obtain data on the relationship between serum concentrations and resulting clinical effects.
OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the diagnostic accuracy of liver fibrosis tests and its influencing factors in a meta-analysis with individual data. DESIGN AND METHODS: Four independent centers provided four blood tests and Metavir staging from 825 patients with chronic hepatitis C. RESULTS: FibroMeter AUROC (0.840) for significant fibrosis was superior to those of Fibrotest (0.803, p=0.049), APRI (0.789, p=0.001) and Hepascore (0.781, p<0.001). The misclassification rate was lower for FibroMeter (23%) than for Fibrotest and Hepascore (both 28%, p<0.001). The variation in the diagnostic cut-offs of tests among centers, reflecting the overall reproducibility, was: FibroMeter: 4.2%, APRI: 24.0%, Fibrotest: 24.2%, Hepascore: 35.0%. Accordingly, the proportion of patients diagnosed with significant fibrosis changed: FibroMeter: 0.8%, Hepascore: 2.4% (p=0.02 vs FibroMeter), Fibrotest: 5.8% (p<10(-3)), APRI: 18.2% (p<10(-3)). CONCLUSIONS: This study on clinical applicability shows significant differences in diagnostic accuracy, inter-center reproducibility, and robustness of biomarkers to changes in population characteristics between blood tests. 
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: To compare switching from NPH insulin (NPH) to insulin glargine (glargine) with continuing NPH for changes in fasting blood glucose (FBG) in patients with Type 1 diabetes on basal-bolus therapy with insulin lispro as bolus insulin. Secondary objectives included self-monitoring blood glucose, mean daily blood glucose (MDBG) and mean amplitude glucose excursion (MAGE) values alongside changes in HbA(1c) and safety profiles. METHODS AND RESULTS: This was a 30-week, parallel, open-label, multicentre study. Seven-point profiles were used to calculate MDBG and MAGE. Hypoglycaemia and adverse events were recorded by participants. FBG improved significantly with both glargine (baseline-endpoint change: -28.0 mg/dL; 95% CI: -37.3, -18.7 mg/dL; p<0.001) and NPH (-9.8 mg/dL; 95% CI: -19.1, -0.5 mg/dL; p=0.0374). The improvement was significantly greater with glargine than NPH (mean difference: -18.2 mg/dL; 95% CI: -31.3, -5.2 mg/dL; p=0.0064). MDBG (-10.1 mg/dL; 95% CI: -18.1, -2.1 mg/dL; p=0.0126) and MAGE (-20.0 mg/dL; 95% CI: -34.5, -5.9 mg/dL; p=0.0056) decreased significantly with glargine, but not NPH although endpoint values were no different with the two insulins. Baseline to endpoint change in HbA(1c) was similar (-0.56 vs -0.56%) with no differences at endpoint. Overall hypoglycaemia was no different, but glargine reduced nocturnal hypoglycaemia ("serious episodes" with BG < 42 mg/dl, p=0.006) whereas NPH did not (p=0.123), although endpoint values were no different. CONCLUSION: Switching from NPH to glargine is well tolerated and results into lower FBG, and lower glucose variability while reducing nocturnal hypoglycaemia. These data provide a rationale for more aggressive titration to target with glargine in Type 1 diabetes. 
Gastric emptying, as well as intragastric meal distribution, and gastrointestinal hormones, including cholecystokinin (CCK), play an important role in appetite regulation. The evaluation of gastrointestinal factors regulating food intake is commonly performed in healthy, lean, young male participants. It has, however, been suggested that there is a marked interindividual variability in the effects of nutrient 'preloads' on energy intake in this group. Whether there is significant intraindividual variation in acute energy intake after a nutrient preload, and, if so, how this relates to day-to-day differences in gastric emptying and gastrointestinal hormone release, is unclear. The purpose of the present paper is to evaluate the hypothesis that energy intake after a nutrient preload would be reproducible and associated with reproducible patterns of gastric emptying, intragastric distribution and gastrointestinal hormone release. Fifteen healthy men (age 25 (sem 5) years) consumed a glucose preload (50 g glucose in 300 ml water; 815 kJ) on three occasions. Gastric emptying and intragastric meal distribution (using three-dimensional ultrasound), blood glucose, plasma insulin and CCK concentrations and appetite perceptions were evaluated over 90 min, and energy intake from a cold buffet-style meal was then quantified. Energy intake was highly reproducible within individuals between visits (intraclass correlation coefficient, ri = 0.9). Gastric emptying, intragastric meal distribution, blood glucose, plasma insulin and CCK concentrations and appetite perceptions did not differ between visits (ri>0.7 for all). In healthy males, energy intake is highly reproducible, at least in the short term, and is associated with reproducible patterns of gastric emptying, glycaemia, insulinaemia and CCK release.
OBJECTIVE: In men there is a large interindividual variation of SHBG levels and consequently of testosterone (T) and E(2) levels. Family and twin studies suggested a strong genetic contribution, besides metabolic and hormonal influences. The aim of this study was to examine the influence of a missense mutation in exon 8 (Asp327Asn) and a (TAAAA)(n)-repeat in the promoter region of the SHBG gene, on SHBG and sex steroid serum concentrations in a population of healthy men. DESIGN: SHBG and hormone levels were measured in 1485 men, contributed by three independent cohort studies and representing three different age groups (young, middle-aged and elderly men). The number of TAAAA-repeats was determined by fragment-analysis; carriers of the Asn(327)-allele were identified using restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis. RESULTS: In the different age groups, carriers of six TAAAA-repeats presented with higher SHBG (young 19%, middle-aged 20% and elderly 26%; P < 0.001) and T (young 9%, middle-aged 22% and elderly 21%; P < 0.05) levels compared to non-carriers. For free T, a modest increase was found for carriers in the middle-aged group, but not for the young and elderly group. E(2) and free E(2) did not differ between carriers and non-carriers in the different age-groups. The Asn(327)-allele was associated with higher mean SHBG (14.20%, P < 0.001) and T levels (7.33%; P = 0.01) in the middle-aged group only. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings show that and the (TAAAA)(n)-repeat and the Asp327Asn polymorphism contribute to the genetically determined interindividual variation in total serum T levels in healthy men through variation in SHBG concentrations. 
Intensive insulin therapy has widely and rapidly been adopted as the standard of care for the treatment of hyperglycemia in the intensive care unit (ICU). Variability in blood glucose is increasingly recognized as an important factor in outcomes in the chronic diabetic in addition to hemoglobin A1C. We tested the hypothesis that measures of blood glucose variability would be associated with mortality in the surgical ICU. A retrospective analysis of a cohort of ventilated, critically ill surgical and trauma ICU patients placed on an automated insulin protocol was performed. Blood glucose (BG) variability was measured by comparing standard deviation, percentile values, successive changes in blood glucose, and by calculating the triangular index for various glucose-related indices. Eight hundred and fifty-eight patients had 46,474 blood glucose and insulin dose data points. One hundred and twenty-one patients died for an overall mortality rate of 14 per cent. Several measures of blood glucose variability (maximum successive change in BG and the triangular index) were different between the groups despite similar mean BG between survivors (117 mg/dL) and nonsurvivors (118 mg/dL). Increased blood glucose variability is associated with mortality in the surgical ICU. Further studies should focus on the demographic, clinical, and genetic factors responsible for this observation and identify strategies to minimize BG variability.
BACKGROUND: HIV infection of cells varies greatly between individuals, with multiple steps in the replication cycle potentially contributing to the variability. Although entry and post-entry variability of HIV infection levels in cells has been demonstrated, variability in HIV binding has not been examined. In this study, we examined variability of HIV binding to peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from different donors. RESULTS: HIV binding to PBMC varied up to 3.9-fold between individuals and was independent of CD4. Replication of HIV in donor PBMC required CD4 and paralleled virus binding trends of donor PBMC. To assess the stability of virus binding phenotypes over time, HIV was bound to donors with low- and high-binding phenotypes. The binding phenotypes were maintained when tested weekly over a 4-week period for 3 of 4 donors, while one high-binding donor decreased to lower binding on the 4th week. The low- and high-binding phenotypes were also preserved across different HIV strains. Experiments performed to determine if there was an association between HIV binding levels and specific cell subset levels within PBMC showed no correlation, suggesting that HIV binds to multiple cell subsets. CONCLUSION: These results show that differences exist in HIV binding to donor PBMC. Our data also show that HIV binding to donor PBMC is CD4-independent and can change over time, suggesting that virus binding variability is due to differences in the expression of changeable cell-surface host factors. Taken together, this study highlights the impact of cell-surface factors in HIV binding to, and infection of, PBMC which likely represents an important step in HIV infection in vivo. 
Endogenous pituitary hormones are commonly used in clinical and epidemiologic studies and some of them are thought to influence the risk of several diseases in women. In most studies, endogenous levels of pituitary hormones are usually assessed at a single point in time, assuming that this single measurement represents the long-term biomarker status of the individual. Such an assumption is rarely tested and may not always be valid. This study examined the reproducibility of the following pituitary hormones: adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH), growth hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), and prolactin, measured using the Luminex xMap method in sera of healthy premenopausal and postmenopausal women. The study included 30 premenopausal women with three yearly samples and 35 postmenopausal women with two repeated yearly samples randomly selected from an existing prospective cohort. Analysis of intraclass correlation coefficients suggested higher reproducibility in postmenopausal women compared with premenopausal women for the following hormones: FSH (0.72 and 0.37, respectively), LH (0.83 and 0.44, respectively), and growth hormone (0.60 and 0.35, respectively). The intraclass correlation coefficients were relatively high and similar between postmenopausal and premenopausal women for ACTH (0.95 and 0.94, respectively), TSH (0.85 and 0.85, respectively), and prolactin (0.72 and 0.69, respectively). This study found that serum concentrations of FSH, LH, and growth hormone are stable in postmenopausal women and that ACTH, TSH, and prolactin are stable in both premenopausal and postmenopausal women, suggesting that a single measurement may reliably categorize average levels over at least a 2-year period.
Organophosphate (OP) poisoning is a progressively worrying phenomenon as worldwide pesticide production and consumption has doubled. On average, WHO estimates that 3% of agricultural workers in developing Asian countries suffer an episode of pesticide poisoning every year. Furthermore, the threat of OP usage in terrorism is existent, as seen by the subway tragedy in Tokyo in 1995 where sarin was used. Despite these alarming facts, there is currently no global system to track poisonings related to pesticide use. Human serum paraoxonase (PON1) is the enzyme that hydrolyses OP compounds. Serum PON1 levels and activity vary widely among different ethnic populations. Two commonly studied polymorphisms of PON1 are PON1Q192R and PON1L55M. PON1R192 hydrolyses paraoxon faster than PON1Q192 but hydrolyses diazoxon, sarin and soman eight times slower, and vice versa. PON1M55 has lower plasma levels of PON1 than PON1L55. As the prevalence of the different alleles and genotypic distribution vary between the Asian populations we studied, we propose the necessity to study PON1 polymorphisms and its role in OP toxicity in Asian populations. This would help safeguard the proper care of agricultural workers who might be affected by OP poisoning, and alert relevant anti biological terrorism agencies on possible risks involved in the event of an OP attack and provide effective counter measures.
Blood proteins of true sturgeons of three genera Acipenser, Huso, and Pseudocaphirhynchus preserving unidirectional variability in ontogenesis regardless of peculiarities of the fish ecology can indicate unity of origin of the current species. Age-related protein transformations have heterochronous character. The slowest ontogenetic development lasting 4-6 years is peculiar to one of antigens of beta-globulins. Analysis of variability of beta-globulins in the age diapason beginning from the 4-month-old fry and including adult spawned individuals indicates different functional significance of their individual components. The beta A-globulin absent at early postembryonic stages becomes the second, after albumin, quantitatively predominant antigen in the adult fish blood. The amount of beta B-globulin, like antigens of alpha 1- and alpha 2-globulins preserving relative ontogenetic stability, can decrease significantly in freshwater sturgeons due to their preparation for spawning.
PURPOSE: To prospectively compare the accuracy of high-spatial-resolution steady-state magnetic resonance (MR) angiography with standard-resolution first-pass MR angiography in the lower extremities, with digital subtraction angiography (DSA) as the reference standard. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Institutional ethics committee approval and written informed consent were obtained. Twenty-seven patients (16 men, 11 women; mean age, 64.4 years +/- 14.8 [standard deviation]; range, 26-87 years) suspected of having or known to have peripheral arterial disease underwent first-pass and steady-state MR angiography and DSA. First-pass and steady-state MR angiography were performed in the same patient in the same session and with the same dose of blood pool contrast agent. The most severe stenosis grade of each evaluated segment was measured; sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values were calculated at first-pass and steady-state MR angiography, with DSA as the reference standard. The kappa coefficient was used to measure the agreement between first-pass MR angiography, steady-state MR angiography, and DSA. RESULTS: A total of 334 arterial segments were available for intraindividual comparison of first-pass MR angiography, steady-state MR angiography, and DSA in 27 patients. In 20 (74%) of 27 patients, the stenosis grade of at least one of the evaluated vessels differed at steady-state MR angiography from that at first-pass MR angiography. In total, stenosis grade was judged as higher at first-pass MR angiography than at DSA (overestimation) in 28 of 334 segments and as lower (underestimation) in 15 of 334 segments. The stenosis grade as judged at steady-state MR angiography matched with that at DSA in 334 of 334 vessel segments. CONCLUSION: High-spatial-resolution steady-state MR angiography allowed for better agreement with DSA regarding stenosis grade in patients with arterial disease compared with standard-resolution arterial-phase first-pass MR angiography. 
OBJECTIVES: This study investigates how some of human physiological parameters, in particular sex and daytime, can contribute to the normal variation in blood gene expression. DESIGN AND METHODS: The expressions of two genes: SOD1 (Cu/Zn) and SOD2 (Mn) in white blood cells of 19 healthy individuals (10 men and 9 women) were examined by qPCR at 09.00, 12.00, and 15.00 h over three consecutive weeks at 7-day intervals. SOD1 and SOD2 expressions differ between sexes, higher expression being exhibited in males (P<0.005). In the male group both genes had lower expression (P<0.005) with smaller variation at 09.00 h. In females, both inter- and intra-subject, variability in SOD1 expression was increased at ovulation. Intra-individually, the expressions of genes positively correlated in males, but less in females. CONCLUSIONS: SOD1 and SOD2 expressions demonstrate how sex and daytime, merit being controlled when human gene expression analyses are evaluated, particularly within the framework of clinical trials or cohort studies. 
The diagnosis of infectious diseases in animals may be enhanced by study of the serum proteome in which myriad components are influenced by physiological and pathological processes. Surface-enhanced laser desorption/ionisation time-of-flight mass spectrometry (SELDI-TOF MS) has the capacity to detect known and unknown immunologically relevant molecules in the serum proteome. Optimum combinations of ProteinChip array surfaces, energy absorbing molecules, sample dilutions and instrument settings were determined for spectral generation from whole ovine sera. The coefficient of variation for within and between chip mass/charge and peak intensity were <0.03% and <23%, respectively. There were minor alterations in spectra associated with storage of chips or machine drift. Clotting times of 30 min to 3h did not greatly alter protein spectra although storage of sera at -20 degrees C led to alterations. However, routinely collected serum samples stored at -20 degrees C were useful for identification of biomarkers associated with vaccination with a bacterial antigen. This information will inform future studies on serum proteome profiling in livestock, but independent assessments are recommended for each species.
INTRODUCTION: Genetic factors have a considerable influence on serum thyroid hormone levels. The C785T and A1814G polymorphisms, located in the 3' untranslated region of the type 1 deiodinase (D1) gene have been associated with serum FT4 and rT3 levels. OBJECTIVE: In healthy Danish twins, we examined the association of these polymorphisms with serum thyroid hormone levels and determined the proportion of genetic influence explained by these variants. We analysed the underlying functional mechanism by performing mRNA stability measurements and analysed the effect of these variants on D1 activity. METHODS: Serum thyroid measurements and genotypes of the D1-C785T and D1-A1814G polymorphisms were determined in 1192 twins. Structural equation modelling was used to determine heritability estimates. Functional analyses were carried out in D1-transfected JEG3 cells. RESULTS: Carriers of the D1-785T allele had 3.8% higher FT4 and 14.3% higher rT3 levels, resulting in a lower T3/T4 and T3/rT3 ratio and a higher rT3/T4 ratio. This polymorphism explained 0.87% and 1.79%, respectively, of the variation in serum FT4 and rT3. The D1-A1814G polymorphism was not associated with serum thyroid hormone levels. No differences in D1 mRNA decay rate or D1 activity were observed between wild-type D1 and the two variants. CONCLUSION: The D1-C785T polymorphism is consistently and significantly associated with serum thyroid hormone levels. However, the proportion of genetic influence explained by this particular polymorphism is small. No effect of the polymorphism on D1 mRNA decay rate or D1 activity was observed. The underlying functional mechanism needs to be elucidated. 
AIM: To assess the variability of blood flow (QVA) through a native arteriovenous fistula (AVF) in the long-term and to determine the QVA reduction at which an intervention is appropriate. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study was performed in a group of 34 chronic hemodialysis patients with no history of a AVF intervention. QVA was measured using the thermodilution method (Blood Thermodilution Monitor, Fresenius). Median follow-up was 41 months and the median number of QVA measurements in each patient was 15. The coefficient of variation (CV) of QVA was calculated for each patient. RESULTS: Mean QVA was 904 +/- 334 ml/min. The mean CV was 23.3 +/- 11.2%. CONCLUSION: QVA may fluctuate during a long-term follow-up period. The detection of QVA decrease by 20-25% could be still within physiological limits. Based on the results we recommend to first repeat the measurement at a shorter interval and to refer the patient to a radiologist only when the decreasing trend is confirmed. 
The aim of this study was to find conserved motifs in specific T cell receptor (TCR) alpha- and beta-chains, and to analyse the association between complementarity determining region 3 (CDR3) spectratype and systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) activity. TCR alpha-and beta-chain CDR3 spectratypes were analysed in 20 SLE patients. The CDR3 spectratypes of three patients were monitored over time, and the CDR3 regions of clonally expanded T cells were sequenced. CDR3 spectratype analysis showed prominent usage of TCR AV8, AV14, AV23, AV30, AV31, BV2, BV8, BV11, BV14, BV16, BV19 and BV24 families in SLE patients. The CDR3 spectratype showed dynamic change correlating with SLE activity. The sequence of the CDR3 region in clonally expanded T cells suggested a conserved GGX amino acid motif in both alpha- and beta-chains. The Ja34 and Jb2s1 region genes were found in high frequency. Both TCR Valpha and Vbeta gene usage is highly restricted in SLE, suggesting that the TCRs recognize a limited number of antigenic epitopes. The conserved motifs and limited use of joining region genes may indicate the recognition of similar antigenic epitopes in multiple individuals.
BACKGROUND: Although serum measures of micronutrients are more specific than questionnaires in quantifying nutritional status, the reliability of serum measures depends on between- and within-person variability of circulating micronutrient levels. The extent to which multiple samples per person might improve reliability is useful information for planning studies and interpreting results. METHODS: We analyzed levels of 25 micronutrients in serum samples taken from 381 Hawaii women at 4-month intervals. For all subjects and for subjects at the low and high end of the micronutrient distributions, we calculated inter- and intraindividual variability, reliability coefficients, and the number of measurements required to limit attenuation in estimated parameters (ie, to keep estimates close to their true values). RESULTS: For 18 of the 25 micronutrients, a single measurement provided an estimate within 20% of the true value. For regression coefficients, 2 measurements were needed to limit attenuation to no more than 20% for nearly half of the micronutrients. To achieve no more than 10% attenuation, the number of measurements required ranged from 2 to 10 for correlation and from 3 to 20 for regression coefficients. To achieve no more than 5% attenuation, the corresponding ranges were 3 to 21 for correlation and 6 to 42 regression coefficients. In general, more measurements were required for adequate characterization of subjects with relatively high levels of micronutrients than for subjects with lower levels. CONCLUSIONS: Our analysis suggests that 2 or 3 blood measurements are enough to limit attenuation of regression coefficients within 20% of the true value for most carotenoids and tocopherols. For 10% attenuation or less, 4 or more micronutrient measurements may be needed. 
AIMS: Is glycaemic variability an independent risk factor for the development of microvascular complications in addition to average glycaemia, as assessed by glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c))? In this study, an 11-year follow-up was carried out in patients with type 1 diabetes. The standard deviation of blood glucose (SDBG) concentration, an index of glycaemic variability, was calculated from self-monitored blood glucose data at baseline. METHODS: A total of 100 patients were randomly selected from 442 consecutive type 1 diabetic patients attending our outpatients clinic. SDBG was calculated from 70 measurements taken over a period of four weeks. Onset and progression of micro- and macrovascular complications were recorded over the 11-year follow-up. RESULTS: As expected, the prevalence of complications increased over time. Statistical analyses showed that HbA(1c) was an independent predictor of the incidence (P=0.004) and prevalence (P=0.01) of nephropathy. SDBG was found to be a predictor of the prevalence of peripheral neuropathy (P=0.03), and showed borderline significance in predicting the incidence of peripheral neuropathy (P=0.07). SDBG was also a highly significant predictor of hypoglycaemic unawareness (P=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that variability of blood glucose may be important in the development of peripheral neuropathy in patients with type 1 diabetes, and that the nervous system may be particularly vulnerable to glycaemic variability. 
UNLABELLED: Noninvasive methods for quantifying tumor blood flow (TBF) have a potentially important role in the field of drug development. (15)O-water PET has been used in several studies aimed at monitoring response to novel treatments. Assessing the significance of changes in TBF requires knowledge of the reproducibility of the technique. This article quantifies the reproducibility of the (15)O-water technique for TBF applications. METHODS: A total of 43 pairs of replicate (15)O-water studies were performed on 23 different patients with cancer. TBF was estimated using a standard, single-compartment model, and the replicate data were used to assess the reproducibility of the method. RESULTS: The magnitude of the differences between replicate flow measurements was found to be proportional to their means. TBF was measured with a within-subject coefficient of variation of 13.4% and a repeatability of 37.1%. The volume of distribution was measured with a within-subject coefficient of variation of 8.6% and a repeatability of 24.0%. CONCLUSION: (15)O-water PET can be used to measure TBF with a reproducibility that is consistent with other applications of the technique. The short half-life of the isotope permits multiple replicate studies to be performed during the same imaging session, allowing the reproducibility of the average flow estimate to be adapted to the required task. (15)O-water PET is a powerful and robust tool for TBF quantification. 
OBJECTIVES: To assess the intra- and interobserver reliability of the umbilical vein (UV) diameter, time-averaged maximum velocity (TAMX) and umbilical vein blood flow (BF). METHODS: Sixty-three consecutive singleton pregnancies between 24 and 42 weeks were evaluated by two independent operators. UV diameter and TAMX were measured. UV flow was calculated as UV area x 60 x TAMX x 0.5. Reliability analyses were performed by means of the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) for agreement. Differences between and within observers were explored and agreement limits calculated by means of the Bland-Altman test. RESULTS: Satisfactory Doppler parameters were successfully obtained from all fetuses. The intraobserver ICCs for UV diameter, TAMX, and BF were 0.7, 0.59, and 0.55, respectively, whereas the interobserver ICCs were 0.65, 0.46, and 0.60, respectively. The 95% confidence intervals of the intraobserver differences were (+0.15, -0.14), (+8.0, -7.9), and (+150, -138.7), respectively. The 95% confidence intervals of the interobserver differences were (+0.16, -0.16), (+8.5, -8.2), and (+138.8, -141.9), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Noninvasive Doppler calculation of umbilical vein blood flow and its components are reliable enough for clinical use. 
CONTEXT: IGF-I and IGFBP-3 play a central role in fetal and postnatal growth and levels are low in short SGA children. The -202 A/C and -185 C/T SNPs are located near elements involved in directing IGFBP3 promoter activity and expression. Changes in promoter CpG methylation status affect transcription factor binding and transcriptional activation of IGFBP3 in vitro. OBJECTIVE: To assess the relationship between IGFBP3 promoter SNPs, IGFBP-3 levels, spontaneous growth and growth response to GH treatment in short prepubertal SGA children. To assess promoter methylation status in a subgroup of short SGA subjects and controls. PATIENTS: 292 Short prepubertal SGA children, 39 short young SGA adults and 85 young adults with normal stature. INTERVENTION: Short prepubertal SGA children received GH 1mg/m(2)/day. OUTCOME MEASURES: Fasting levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3, baseline and delta height SDS. RESULTS: At baseline, IGFBP-3 levels were highest in SGA children with -202 AA genotype and lower in children with 1 or 2 copies of the C-allele (P<0.001). Children with C(-202)/C(-185) haplotype, compared to children with A(-202)/C(-185) haplotype, had lower IGFBP-3 levels (P=0.003) and were shorter (P=0.03). During GH treatment, children with C(-202)/C(-185) haplotype showed a significantly greater increase in IGFBP-3 SDS and in height SDS than children with A(-202)/C(-185) haplotype, resulting in similar IGFBP-3 levels and similar height SDS after 12 months of GH treatment. CpG methylation patterns showed a trend towards more methylation of CpGs involved in transcription factor binding in short young SGA adults compared to controls. CONCLUSION: Polymorphic variation in the IGFBP3 promoter region is correlated with IGFBP-3 levels, spontaneous growth and response to GH treatment in short SGA children. 
Immersion in high concentrations of CO2 dissolved in freshwater (CO2-water) might induce peripheral vasodilatation in humans. In this study, we investigated whether such immersion could affect the autonomic nervous system in humans using spectral analysis of heart rate variability. Ten healthy men participated in this study. Tympanic temperature, cutaneous blood flow and electrocardiogram (ECG) were measured continuously during 20 min of immersion in CO2-water. The ECG was analyzed by spectral analysis of R-R intervals using the maximal entropy method. The decrease in tympanic temperature was significantly greater in CO2-water immersion than in freshwater immersion. Cutaneous blood flow at the immersed site was significantly increased with CO2-water immersion compared to freshwater. The high frequency component (HF: 0.15-0.40 Hz) was significantly higher in CO2-water immersion than in freshwater immersion, but the low frequency (LF: 0.04-0.15 Hz) /high frequency ratio (LF/HF ratio) was significantly lower in CO2-water immersion than in freshwater immersion. The present study contributes evidence supporting the hypothesis that CO2-water immersion activates parasympathetic nerve activity in humans.
PURPOSE: The aim of the present study was to investigate the reproducibility and potential diurnal variation of optic nerve head and retinal blood flow parameters in healthy individuals over a period of 12 hr. METHODS: We measured optic nerve head and retinal blood flow parameters in 16 healthy male non-smoking individuals at five time-points during the day (08:00, 11:00, 14:00, 17:00 and 20:00 hr). Outcome parameters were perimacular white blood cell flux (as assessed with the blue field entoptic technique), blood velocities in retinal veins (as assessed with bi-directional laser Doppler velocimetry), retinal arterial and venous diameters (as assessed with the retinal vessel analyser), optic nerve head blood flow, volume and velocity (as assessed with single point and scanning laser Doppler flowmetry) and blood velocities in the central retinal artery (as assessed with colour Doppler imaging). The coefficient of variation and the maximum change from baseline in an individual were calculated for each outcome parameter. RESULTS: No diurnal variation in optic nerve head or retinal blood flow was observed with any of the techniques employed. Coefficients of variation were between 1.6% and 18.5% for all outcome parameters. The maximum change from baseline in an individual was much higher, ranging from 3.7% to 78.2%. CONCLUSION: Our data indicate that in healthy individuals the selected techniques provide adequate reproducibility to be used in clinical studies. However, in patients with eye diseases and reduced vision the reproducibility may be considerably worse. 
OBJECTIVE: This study was performed to investigate the interobserver reproducibility of the interpretation of Tc-labelled white blood cell scans combined or not with other nuclear medicine procedures. METHODS: Twenty nuclear medicine physicians working in Belgium received clinical data and scintigraphic images from 10 patients suspected of suffering from various infectious diseases. They had to choose, for each patient, one answer among 'high probability', 'intermediate probability' and 'low probability' of infection. In a first step the level of agreement, defined as the highest percentage obtained among the three proposed answers, was calculated for each case; complete agreement was arbitrarily defined when 80% or more of the observers gave the same answer. In a second step, a numerical score was given for each answer and for each observer. The scores were defined as 0 for the 'low probability' answer, 1 for the 'intermediate probability' and 2 for the 'high probability' answer. The scores of each observer were summed up allowing obtaining of a cumulated score for each observer; observers were thereafter classified as a function of their own cumulated score. RESULTS: An agreement of 80% or more was observed only in three patients. The cumulated scores of the observers were between 4 and 16, demonstrating that some observers were more sensitive than others. CONCLUSION: Interobserver reproducibility in the interpretation of the white blood cell scan was poor; several factors could explain these results, the most frequent being both the poor specificity of the labelled white blood cell scan and different concepts in interpreting combined nuclear medicine procedures in several situations. As observers received the anonymized overall results, this study may have a favourable impact on continuing education in medical imaging. 
OBJECTIVES: C-reactive protein (CRP) has been identified as an independent predictor of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity in population-based studies. Recent advances have suggested a prominent role for the autonomic nervous system (ANS) in the regulation of inflammation. However, no in vivo human studies have examined indices of sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous system activity simultaneously in relationship to inflammatory markers in apparently healthy adults. Therefore, the objective of this study was to assess the immunomodulatory effects of the ANS. METHODS AND RESULTS: The study population comprised 611 apparently healthy employees of an airplane manufacturing plant in southern Germany. Urinary NE was positively associated with white blood cell count (WBC) in the total sample. We found an inverse association between indices of vagally mediated heart rate variability and plasma levels of (CRP), which was significantly larger in females than in males after controlling for relevant covariates including NE. Similar results were found using the percentage of interbeat interval differences >50 ms and WBC. CONCLUSIONS: We report here for the first time, in a large sample of healthy human adults, evidence supporting the hypothesis of a clinically relevant cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway after controlling for sympathetic nervous system activity. This suggests an important role for the vagal control of systemic inflammatory activity in cardiovascular disease. 
The aim of this study was to examine the reproducibility of ultrasound (US) findings relating to pelvic floor muscle in women with urinary incontinence (UI). Eighteen women with UI were examined twice by the same examiners over an interval of 1 month. The US findings comprised of (1) distance between bladder neck and symphysis pubis (BN/SP) at rest, during contraction, and while performing the Valsalva maneuver and (2) distance between anorectal angle and symphysis pubis (AR-SP) during the same conditions. Statistical analysis included test-retest correlations (ICC(3,K)), and the assessment of measurement error and smallest real difference (SRD) for change. BN-SP and AR-SP exhibited high ICCs. The lowest SRD values related to the AR-SP variables (10-19%). US-based measures of the bladder neck and the anorectal angle, distance, and displacement seem to offer reasonable clinical reproducibility.
BACKGROUND: The STG-22 is the only continuous blood glucose monitoring system currently available. The aim of this study is to determine the accuracy and reliability of the STG-22 for continuously monitoring blood glucose level in post-surgical patients. METHODS: Fifty patients scheduled for routine surgery were studied in surgical intensive care unit (ICU) of a university hospital. After admission to the ICU, the STG-22 was connected to the patients. An attending physician obtained blood samples from a radial arterial catheter. Blood glucose level was measured using the ABL800FLEX immediately after blood collection at 0, 4, 8, and 16 h post-admission to the ICU (total of 200 blood glucose values). RESULTS: The correlation coefficient (R2) was 0.96. In the Clarke error grid, 100% of the paired measurements were in the clinically acceptable zone A and B. The Bland and Altman analysis showed that bias+/-limits of agreement (percent error) were 0.04(0.7)+/-0.35(6.3) mmol (mg/dl) (7%), -0.11(-2)+/-1.22(22) (15%) and -0.33(-6)+/-1.28(23) (10%) in hypoglycemia (<70(3.89) mmol (mg/dl), normoglycemia (3.89(70)-10(180) mmol (mg/dl), and hyperglycemia (>10(180) mmol (mg/dl), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The STG-22 can be used for measuring blood glucose level continuously and measurement results are consistent with intermittent measurement (percentage error within 15%). Therefore, the STG-22 is a useful device for monitoring in blood glucose level in the ICU for 16 h. 
Plasma glycans were analyzed in 1008 individuals to evaluate variability and heritability, as well as the main environmental determinants that affect glycan structures. By combining HPLC analysis of fluorescently labeled glycans with sialidase digestion, glycans were separated into 33 chromatographic peaks and quantified. A high level of variability was observed with the median ratio of minimal to maximal values of 6.17 and significant age- and gender-specific differences. Heritability estimates for individual glycans varied widely, ranging from very low to very high. Glycome-wide environmental determinants were also detected with statistically significant effects of different variables including diet, smoking and cholesterol levels.
BACKGROUND: Selection and persistence of non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI)-associated mutations during treatment interruptions (TIs) has been attributed to the long plasma half-life of these drugs. However, little is known about the contribution of variable NNRTI plasma levels before a TI. We evaluated the selection of NNRTI-related mutations and the coefficient of variation of NNRTI plasma concentrations during different TI periods. METHODS: The selection of NNRTI-related mutations was examined in 50 HIV type-1 (HIV-1)-infected patients on a virologically suppressive regimen who underwent TI guided by CD4+ T-cell counts and plasma viraemia. Population and clone-based sequencing of the reverse transcriptase coding region was performed using plasma HIV-1 RNA samples during TI and proviral DNA from peripheral blood mononuclear cells before TI. NNRTI plasma concentrations were determined by HPLC. RESULTS: In 7/50 treated patients, de novo and transient NNRTI-related mutations appeared when treatment was interrupted. Emergence of resistant variants (including K103N, Y181C or G190S) after interruption was associated with a higher coefficient of variation in NNRTI plasma concentrations during the treatment period. Moreover, minority HIV-1 variants containing different resistance patterns (V1061/A, K103R/E or Y188C/D/H) were detected regardless of NNRTI concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: The emergence of NNRTI-associated mutations during TI appears to be associated with the variation of NNRTI plasma concentrations during the preceding treatment period. The selection of minority HIV-1 variants with different patterns of NNRTI resistance in the absence of drug pressure should be considered for the efficacy of future NNRTI-containing antiretroviral regimens. 
The aim of this work is to: (1) assess therapeutic drug monitoring of indinavir (IDV) during clinical routine practice in HIV-infected children, whose antiretroviral treatment includes IDV boosted with ritonavir (RTV), and (2) describe a possible relationship between IDV pharmacokinetics and MDR1 genotypes. In 21 ambulatory pediatric patients receiving IDV plus RTV, IDV plasma levels and MDR1 genotypes on exon 26 (C3435T) were determined. Nine of the 21 patients initially receiving 250 mg/m(2) IDV yielded trough levels below 0.10 microg/ml (median: 0.21, range: 0.04-1.31 microg/ml). When the dosage was increased to 400 mg/m(2) IDV plus 100 mg/m(2) RTV b.i.d., all, except 1 patient, achieved levels above 0.10 microg/ml. Pharmacokinetic analysis showed higher volume of distribution median values related to the C/C genotype in comparison with C/T or T/T genotypes for exon 26 (4.57 vs. 1.20 and 1.50 l/kg, respectively; p = 0.002). Although a higher median value of clearance was observed with the C/C genotype, the difference was not statistically significant (1.43 vs. 0.27 and 0.42 l/h, respectively; p = 0.052). These results may be explained by a reduced absorption of the drug, related with lower plasma IDV levels in patients carrying the C/C genotype in exon 26.
INTRODUCTION: Increased levels of interleukin 6 (IL-6), a marker for systemic inflammation, have been associated with cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We investigated the influence of IL6 gene polymorphisms on mean level and variability of plasma IL-6 in a population of myocardial infarction survivors recruited in six European cities as part of the AIRGENE study. DNA from each individual was collected and genotyped for eight functional and tagging single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the IL6 gene. RESULTS: We analyzed 946 subjects with 5520 repeated plasma samples for IL-6 levels. For four IL6 SNPs in high linkage disequilibrium, heterozygous and homozygous minor allele genotypes were associated with an increase in mean plasma IL-6 levels. SNP rs1800795 was associated with a 6.3% increase in IL-6 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.7-11,2%) For these SNPs, we found that genotypes associated with higher IL-6 levels also tended to be associated to higher between-individual variability of IL-6 levels on the log-scale than other genotypes. Variability over time within individuals varied little by genotype. CONCLUSIONS: We found four genetic polymorphisms in the IL6 gene associated with mean level and variability of plasma IL-6 between individuals in myocardial infarction survivors. 
BACKGROUND: In most studies, circulating biomarkers are usually assessed from a single sample, assuming that this single measurement represents the long-term biomarker status of the individual. Such an assumption is rarely tested although it may not be valid for all biomarkers. The objective of this study was to investigate the temporal reproducibility of a panel of cytokines and growth factors. METHODS: Thirty-five postmenopausal women with two annual visits and 30 premenopausal women with three annual visits were randomly selected from the participants in an existing prospective cohort. A total of 23 serum cytokines, nine growth factors and C-reactive protein (CRP) were measured using the Luminex xMap technology. In addition, for eight biomarkers, regular and high sensitivity (hs) assays were compared. RESULTS: The biomarkers with adequate (>60%) detection rates and acceptable (> or =0.55) intra-class correlation coefficients (ICCs) were: hsIL-1beta, IL-1RA, hsIL-2, hsIL-4, hsIL-5, hsIL-6, hsIL-10, IL-12p40, hsIL-12p70, hsTNF-alpha, TNF-R1, TNF-R2, CRP, HGF, NGF, and EGFR. The remaining biomarkers either had low temporal reproducibility or were undetectable in more than 40% of samples. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that 16 of the 41 biomarkers measured with Luminex technology showed sufficient sensitivity and temporal reproducibility in sera. 
BACKGROUND: Accurate, reproducible, and sensitive measurements of endogenous estrogen exposure and individual patterns of estrogen metabolism are needed for etiologic studies of breast cancer. We have developed a high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry method to quantitate simultaneously 15 urinary estrogens and estrogen metabolites (EM): estrone; estradiol; 3 catechol estrogens; 5 estrogens in the 16alpha pathway, including estriol; and 5 methoxy estrogens. METHODS: Overnight urines were obtained from 45 participants. For the reproducibility study, two blinded, randomized aliquots from 5 follicular and 5 luteal premenopausal women, 5 naturally postmenopausal women, and 5 men were assayed in each of four batches. Assay coefficients of variation and intraclass correlation coefficients were calculated with ANOVA models. Data from the additional 25 participants were added to compare EM levels by menstrual/sex group and assess interindividual variability. RESULTS: For each EM, overall coefficients of variation were < or = 10%. Intraclass correlation coefficients for each menstrual/sex group were generally > or = 98%. Although geometric mean EM concentrations differed among the four groups, rankings were similar, with estriol, 2-hydroxyestrone, estrone, estradiol, and 16-ketoestradiol accounting for 60% to 75% of total urinary EM. Within each group, interindividual differences in absolute concentrations were consistently high; the range was 10- to 100-fold for nearly all EM. CONCLUSION: Our high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry method for measuring 15 urinary EM is highly reproducible, and the range of EM concentrations in each menstrual/sex group is quite large relative to assay variability. Whether these patterns persist in blood and target tissues awaits further development and application of this method. 
RATIONALE: Cytokines are humoral regulatory molecules that act together in immunologic pathways underlying pathogenesis. Grossly elevated blood levels characterize certain diseases; variations within physiologic ranges could also have significance. We therefore evaluated the performance characteristics of a multiplex cytokine immunoassay. METHODS: We used a fluorescent bead-based (Luminex) immunoassay kit to simultaneously measure interleukin (IL) 1beta, IL2, IL4, IL5, IL6, IL7, IL8, IL10, IL12p70, IL13, IFNgamma, granulocyte colony-stimulating factor, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha. We tested identical aliquots of serum from 38 asymptomatic individuals on three different days and matched sets of serum, heparinized plasma, and acid citrate dextrose plasma from an additional 38 healthy donors expected to have low cytokine concentrations. We applied multiple imputation to calculate unbiased reproducibility estimates for measurements below the limits of detection. Correlations among the cytokines were assessed by Spearman rank order coefficients and principal components analyses. RESULTS: Of the 13 cytokines, 3 were undetectable (IL1beta, IL2, IL5) in more than half of the serum samples. Coefficients of variation for replicate serum measurements ranged from 18% to 44%, with intraclass correlation coefficients ranging from 55% to 98%. Only IL4, IL6, and IL8 had statistically significant correlations (Spearman rho, 0.42-0.94) between serum and acid citrate dextrose or heparin plasma levels. CONCLUSIONS: Interindividual differences outweigh substantial laboratory variation for these assays, yielding high intraclass correlation coefficients despite unimpressive coefficients of variation. Plasma measurements generally are not reflective of serum levels and hence are not interchangeable. With their small volume, low cost per test, and multiplex capacity, Luminex-based cytokine assays have potential utility for epidemiologic studies. 
A prolongation of QT interval has been shown in patients with cirrhosis and it is considered as part of the definition of the so-called 'cirrhotic cardiomyopathy'. The aim of the present study was to assess the determinants of QT interval prolongation in cirrhotic patients. Forty-eight male patients with different stages of liver disease were divided into three subgroups according to the Child-Pugh classification. All patients underwent a 24-h ECG Holter recording. The 24-h mean of QT intervals corrected for heart rate (termed QTc) and the slope of the regression line QT/RR were calculated. HRV (heart rate variability), plasma calcium and potassium concentration and HVPG (hepatic venous pressure gradient) were measured. QTc was progressively prolonged from Child A to Child C patients (P=0.001). A significant correlation between QTc and HVPG was found (P=0.003). Patients with alcohol-related cirrhosis presented QTc prolongation more frequently than patients with post-viral cirrhosis (P<0.001). The QT/RR slope was steeper in subjects with alcoholic aetiology as compared with viral aetiology (P=0.02), suggesting that these patients have a further QTc prolongation when heart rate decreases. The plasma calcium concentration was inversely correlated with QTc (P<0.001). The presence of severe portal hypertension was associated with decreased HRV (P<0.001). Cirrhotic patients with a more severe disease, especially of alcoholic aetiology, who have greater HVPG and lower calcium plasma levels, have an altered ventricular repolarization and a reduced vagal activity to the heart, which may predispose to life-threatening arrhythmias.
INTRODUCTION: To investigate variability and reproducibility of hepatic [(18)F]-2-fluoro-2-deoxy-D-glucose (FDG) uptake in healthy individuals. METHODS: Static images were obtained 70 min after the injection of 160 MBq FDG in six healthy subjects at two occasions with 13 days' interval. FDG uptake was adjusted for tissue-to-blood background ratio (T/B), or measured as standardized uptake value (SUV). Small regions of interest (ROIs) of 10 cm(3) in two different hepatic regions were analysed as well as the total liver. RESULTS: Mean SUV was 1.16 +/- 0.15 and mean T/B corrected values was 1.87 +/- 0.17. The maximal values were 2.70 (SUV) and 4.67 (T/B). Reproducibility was 6.7% for the mean SUV and 0.2% for the max SUV values. The corresponding figures for the T/B corrected mean values were 6.4% and for the max T/B values 13.0%. In general, the small ROIs had a comparable or even lower CV% for SUV values, but a higher CV% for T/B corrected values. CONCLUSIONS: In normal subjects hepatic FDG-uptake is high and homogeneous with a low CV% between days. T/B corrected values are largely comparable to SUV values but not superior, probably due to the standardization of procedures and homogeneity of the subjects. The T/B corrected method is theoretically superior in a more inhomogeneous population or when using different scanners and is shown here to be easy to apply. Small ROIs of 10 cm(3) are representative with respect to mean FDG uptake in the total liver and reproducibility, but do not identify the max FDG uptake. 
BACKGROUND: The plasma concentration of B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) in outpatients is hard to interpret because of the lack of knowledge of the natural within-person variation of BNP. In this study, we estimated the safety range of within-person variation in the plasma concentration of BNP in outpatients with stable heart failure. METHODS: In a prospective historical cohort study, 6 consecutive measurements of the plasma concentration of BNP were made at 4-week intervals in 131 consecutive patients with strictly stable heart failure. The reference change values at the 95% CI and the 95% limits of agreement of the peptide concentration were calculated with a log-normal approach, and the results were back-transformed to a normal scale. RESULTS: The within-person distribution of BNP was right-skewed, and a Gaussian distribution was achieved by log transformation. In all of 15 combinations of paired measurements randomly selected from 6 measurements, the correlations were significant (P < .001) with correlation coefficients ranging from 0.615 to 0.835. The up and down reference change values at the 95% confidence level for all measurements were 240.4% and -70.6% of the geometric means, respectively, and the median values of the upper and lower 95% limits of agreements were 219.7% and -71.8% of the geometric mean, respectively. CONCLUSION: The plasma concentration of BNP may triple or fall by one third without a change in the status of heart failure. In monitoring of patients with heart failure, BNP should be interpreted in the context of the skewed within-person distribution. 
UNLABELLED: The repeatability of rest and hyperemic myocardial blood flow (MBF) measurements using 82Rb PET has not been evaluated. The aim of this study was to investigate the short-term repeatability of such measurements. METHODS: Fifteen healthy volunteers underwent rest and pharmacologic stress 82Rb PET, repeated 60 min apart. RESULTS: There was no significant difference in repeated rest MBF (0.77+/-0.25 vs. 0.82+/-0.25 mL/min/g, P=0.31; mean difference, 6.18%+/-12.22%) or repeated hyperemic MBF (3.35+/-1.37 vs. 3.39+/-1.37 mL/min/g, P=0.81; mean difference, 1.17%+/-13.64%). The repeatability coefficients were 0.19 mL/min/g for rest MBF and 0.92 mL/min/g for hyperemia. CONCLUSION: MBF using 82Rb is highly reproducible using a same-day short-term repeatability protocol. Serial MBF measurements with 82Rb PET should have the ability to quantify the acute effects of therapeutic interventions on MBF. 
The purpose of this study was to evaluate a free-breathing three-dimensional (3D) dual inversion-recovery (DIR) segmented k-space gradient-echo (turbo field echo [TFE]) imaging sequence at 3T for the quantification of aortic vessel wall dimensions. The effect of respiratory motion suppression on image quality was tested. Furthermore, the reproducibility of the aortic vessel wall measurements was investigated. Seven healthy subjects underwent 3D DIR TFE imaging of the aortic vessel wall with and without respiratory navigator. Subsequently, this sequence with respiratory navigator was performed twice in 10 healthy subjects to test its reproducibility. The signal-to-noise (SNR), contrast-to-noise ratio (CNR), vessel wall sharpness, and vessel wall volume (VWV) were assessed. Data were compared using the paired t-test, and the reproducibility of VWV measurements was evaluated using intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs). SNR, CNR, and vessel wall sharpness were superior in scans performed with respiratory navigator compared to scans performed without. The ICCs concerning intraobserver, interobserver, and interscan reproducibility were excellent (0.99, 0.94, and 0.95, respectively). In conclusion, respiratory motion suppression substantially improves image quality of 3D DIR TFE imaging of the aortic vessel wall at 3T. Furthermore, this optimized technique with respiratory motion suppression enables assessment of aortic vessel wall dimensions with high reproducibility.
Analysis of spectral parameters of vascular blood flow variability revealed some sex-related peculiarities. The amplitude of aortic pulsation and total variability power of this parameter and its four components (ultralow frequency, very low frequency, low frequency, and high frequency range) were higher in women. The amplitude of microvascular pulsation and total variability power of this parameter and components were higher in men. In male patients, the relative variability power for the amplitude of microvascular pulsation was higher in the high frequency and low frequency ranges, but lower in the very low frequency and ultralow frequency ranges.
BACKGROUND: We aimed to study the reproducibility of several biomarkers of allergic rhinitis to investigate their potential as outcome measures in clinical intervention trials. Furthermore, we investigated the kinetics of the biomarkers studied in nasal lavage and brush material following a placebo-controlled nasal allergen challenge. METHODS: We performed a skin prick test and measured serum specific immunoglobulin (Ig) E levels and inflammatory biomarkers in nasal lavage and brush material in 20 patients with allergic rhinitis on 2 separate days (washout, 14-21 days). The patients were then randomly assigned to undergo an intranasal challenge with a relevant allergen (n=10) or diluent (n=10) in order to assess the kinetics of several biomarkers of allergic airway inflammation in nasal lavage and brush samples. RESULTS: Baseline serum IgE levels and skin wheal sizes were highly reproducible measurements, with a coefficient of variation (CV) of 13.4% and 18.2%, respectively. This was not the case with the majority of inflammatory biomarkers, whose CV varied considerably (range, 6.1%-224.1%). The nasal allergen challenge induced an increase in composite symptom scores in all patients. Compared to placebo, tryptase (P=.004), eosinophilic cationic protein (ECP) (P=.03) and alpha2-macroglobulin (P=.002) were increased in nasal lavage at 20 minutes post allergen. Nasal lavage ECP levels and nasal brush eosinophils were still significantly increased at 7 hours (P=.03 and P=.04), but all statistical significance had been lost at 24 hours post challenge. CONCLUSION: Serum specific IgE assays and skin prick tests exhibited good reproducibility in patients with clinically stable allergic rhinitis. We were also able to investigate the kinetics of allergen-induced upper airway inflammatory markers in nasal lavage and brush material. Hence, nasal allergen challenge, when used in combination with nasal lavage and brush sampling, is a suitable research tool for early drug development. 
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the reliability and validity of the King's Health Questionnaire (KHQ) in both genders, which was originally developed as a health-related quality of life (HRQoL) questionnaire for female urinary incontinence for general lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS). SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Data from the International Prostate Symptom Score (IPSS) and KHQ obtained from 179 men and 75 women consulting urologists (Sample A) were analysed. Cronbach's alpha coefficient and inter-domain correlation were calculated for reliability and validity assessment, respectively. Factor analysis was used to explore the underlying factor structure of the KHQ. KHQ scores of sample A were compared with those of 330 men and 418 women consulting general practitioners (Sample B). RESULTS: Internal consistency of KHQ was acceptable with a Crohnbach's alpha of 0.721-0.915 in the total population of sample A. Correlation analysis showed convergent validity among 'Physical Limitations', 'Role Limitation' and 'Social Limitations' and discriminant validity among 'Personal Relationship', 'Emotion's and 'Sleep/Energy'. Factor analysis showed three underlying components to explain convergent and discriminant validity. In both sample A and sample B, HRQoL was impaired in the eight domains according to IPSS severity. KHQ scores of domains other than 'General Health Perception' in sample B were lower than those in sample A. CONCLUSION: The KHQ can be used as a HRQoL questionnaire for LUTS in both genders. In the future, it is expected that the KHQ could be used in clinical studies for benign prostate hyperplasia and other conditions. 
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The present study was designed to assess the reproducibility of the two markers of adrenergic drive, venous plasma norepinephrine and efferent postganglionic muscle sympathetic nerve traffic (MSNA) in reflecting the sympathetic activation characterizing the obese state in human beings. METHODS AND RESULTS: In 15 male obese normotensive subjects (age: 40.1+/-2.2, mean+/-SEM) we measured, in two experimental sessions three weeks apart, blood pressure (BP, Finapres), heart rate (EKG), plasma norepinephrine (HPLC assay) and MSNA (microneurography, peroneal nerve). In each session three norepinephrine samples were obtained and norepinephrine reproducibility between sessions was assessed by considering a single norepinephrine sample or by averaging 2-3 samples. Reproducibility data were compared to the ones displayed by the MSNA technique. While MSNA values showed a highly significant correlation between sessions (r=0.89, p<0.001), norepinephrine values based on a single blood sample evaluation did not correlate with each other (r=0.44, p=NS). Norepinephrine correlation coefficient values increased and achieved statistical significance when average data from 3 blood samples were examined (r=0.56, p<0.03). CONCLUSIONS: In human obesity MSNA displays a reproducibility pattern higher than plasma norepinephrine. The reproducibility of the norepinephrine approach can be improved by increasing the number of blood samples on which norepinephrine assay is performed. To obtain such a goal, and to make reproducibility closer to the MSNA one, three norepinephrine samples are needed. 
The influence of different copper and zinc contents in rations on blood serum concentrations was tested in a feeding trial at the Institute of Animal Nutrition of the Federal Research Institute for Animal Health (FLI). A total of 60 German Holstein breed cows (38 first lactating and 22 second lactating cows) were tested. All animals received a diet based on maize- and grass silage ad libitum. The animals were divided into two groups with 30 cows each. Group A received concentrates supplemented with copper and zinc as recommended, whereas Group B was offered a concentrate with roughly double the amount of copper and zinc. Blood samples were taken several times during the lactation. The concentrations of copper and zinc in the serum were measured and correlations between trace element intake and their serum concentrations were calculated. The mean dry matter intake was significantly higher for cows in the second lactation (19.1 kg/day) than for cows in the first lactation (16.4 kg/day), whereas the DM-intake was constant in the different feeding groups (17.3 and 17.4 kg/day). The correlation between feed intake in the first and the second lactation was r = 0.76. The copper concentration in the serum was not influenced by the different feedings (11.9 and 12.5 micromol/l), but high variations were found between the cows. The influence of the lactation number was not significant (12.1 and 12.4 micromol/l). In contrast to copper, the zinc concentration in the serum was significantly higher for Group B (14.0 micromol/l) than for Group A (12.2 micromol/l), respectively, for second lactating cows (13.8 micromol/l) in relation to 12.7 micromol/l for first lactating cows. The individual variation was also high as for copper. Neither the correlation between copper intake and copper serum concentration nor the correlation between zinc intake and zinc serum concentration was significant.
BACKGROUND: Most human metabolomics studies have shown that spectral outputs of (1)H nuclear magnetic resonance fingerprinting are strongly influenced by inter- and intra-individual variations; however, few studies have been performed to evaluate the inter- and intra-individual variations in urinary endogenous metabolites. METHODS: We recruited 30 male college students to evaluate the factors affecting intra- and inter-individual variations in urinary endogenous metabolites. Statistical analysis for variations in urinary metabolites was performed after eliminating outliers found in principal component analysis (PCA) plots. RESULTS: Inter-individual variations were relatively low for 2-oxoglutarate, succinate, citrate, dimethylglycine, and taurine, but high for trimethylaminoxide (TMAO), hippurate, and lactate. Intra-individual variations for 2-oxoglutarate, citrate, dimethylglycine, and taurine were relatively low, but high for TMAO and hippurate. The factors affecting inter-individual variation of lactate were age, body mass index, beverages, and alcohol, whereas the factors affecting intra-individual variation of lactate were age and fish. Kim Chi intake affected the inter-individual variation of succinate, citrate, TMAO, and hippurate; however, it did not affect the intra-individual variation of endogenous metabolites. CONCLUSIONS: Our results showed that inter- and intra-individual variations in urinary endogenous metabolites were very large, and significant factors affecting inter- and intra-individual variation were diverse, even after eliminating outliers in PCA analysis. 
OBJECTIVES: To define the variability of menstrual cycle length and contribution of follicular and luteal phases to overall cycle variability, and to examine the rise in urinary hCG in early pregnancy. METHODS: Menstrual cycle study. Urine samples from 101 women (recruited from two south-east counties in the UK) were assayed to determine day of luteinising hormone (LH) surge, lengths of follicular and luteal phases and correlations with total menstrual cycle length. HCG study. Daily urine samples collected from 86 women prior to conception until 43 days post-conception were assayed for hCG and examined versus time since LH surge, determined using fertility test kits. RESULTS: Mean menstrual cycle length was 27.7 +/- 3.4 days, mean follicular phase length was 14.5 +/- 3.4 days and mean luteal phase length was 13.2 +/- 1.9 days. Total cycle lengths varied between and within women. There was a significant correlation (r(2) = 0.70) between follicular phase length and total cycle length; luteal phase length was less variable and showed no association with total cycle length. Concentrations of hCG were significantly similar between women when referenced against the day since LH surge. Three thresholds were determined to indicate time since conception as 1-2 weeks, 2-3 weeks and 3+ weeks. CONCLUSIONS: Total cycle length variation is mainly determined by follicular phase variation and predicting menses onset to estimate time of pregnancy testing is unreliable. Evaluating concentrations of hCG relative to LH surge results in consistent increases between women up to 21 days after conception. Therefore, urinary hCG concentration can be used to accurately estimate time since conception. 
BACKGROUND: Iron absorption is proposed to be regulated by circulating hepcidin, but, to date, little data are available to evaluate this relation in humans. OBJECTIVE: Stored samples from a human iron absorption study were used to test the hypothesis that differences in plasma hepcidin explain interindividual variation in iron absorption. DESIGN: Hepcidin-25 concentrations were measured in fasting samples from men aged > or = 40 y (n = 33) recruited to a study investigating the relation between the HFE genotype, iron absorption, and iron status. RESULTS: Log iron absorption was negatively correlated with serum ferritin (r = -0.59, P < 0.001) and with plasma hepcidin (r = -0.55, P < 0.001) but was unaffected by genotype. There was a positive correlation (r = 0.82, P < 0.001) between hepcidin (mean: 2.3; range: 0.1-7.8 nmol/L) and ferritin (mean: 70; range: 9-208 microg/L). Multiple linear regression models showed that plasma hepcidin in isolation significantly predicted 36% of the interindividual variation in iron absorption. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma hepcidin and serum ferritin concentrations are highly correlated, and, in the normal range of plasma hepcidin values, 36% of interindividual differences in iron absorption are explained by differences in circulating plasma hepcidin. 
INTRODUCTION: Medical chart-review and self-reported questionnaire are two common methods of determining cancer screening and symptoms. We investigate the validity of these methods and therefore of a class of clinical/epidemiological studies. We compare variables on prostate cancer, any prostate-specific antigen (PSA) test, asymptomatic screening PSA, any digital rectal exam (DRE), and urinary symptoms. We used data from a 2005 case control study of PSA and metastatic prostate cancer (253 cases and 496 controls). Data were collected from 1999 to 2002. METHODS: We calculated kappa, percent agreement (PPA) and prevalence adjusted bias adjusted kappa (PABAK). We compared percentage positive response (PPR) and sensitivities/specificities of questionnaire against chart and vice versa. We measured the degree of differential agreement between cases and controls using odds ratios. RESULTS: We found almost perfect agreement on prostate cancer, moderate agreement on any PSA and DRE, and slight agreement on asymptomatic screening PSA and urinary symptoms. PABAK ranged from 0.134 (urinary symptoms) to 0.879 (prostate cancer). Differences between cases/controls in PPR are similar according to chart or questionnaire, though PPR itself is usually higher on the questionnaire. Only for any PSA (including diagnostic), cases had better recall than controls. We found no evidence of differential agreement that might lead to bias in a case control study. CONCLUSIONS: Some variables are more reliable than others comparing medical chart review and self-report. Diagnosis of prostate cancer has near perfect agreement, but for less catastrophic events such as PSA (especially asymptomatic screening tests), DRE or urinary symptoms, agreement ranges from slight to moderate. 
OBJECTIVE: To verify the relationships between the values of plasma glucose (PG) and hemoglobin A(1c)(HbA(1c)) in type 2 diabetic outpatients. METHODS: The pre- and postbreakfast PG and HbA(1c) values were monitored every month for 44-90 months. The single regression lines between the values of PG and HbA(1c) were compared for the slopes and intercepts on the designated ordinates of the regression lines. PATIENTS OR MATERIALS: Nine patients of type 2 diabetes not treated with insulin: three males and six females, aged 43-79 years participated. RESULTS: The HbA(1c) level was combined with the pre- and postbreakfast PG values obtained at one month prior to its determination, because the combinations were correlated most strongly. The slopes of the regression line ranged from 0.33-0.50%/mmol/L and the intercepts at PG level equal to 9.6 mmol/L ranged from 6.95-9.77% in the relationship between the values of 1-month earlier prebreakfast PG and HbA(1c). Twenty-eight pairs had significantly different intercepts. Meanwhile, there was no pair that had significantly different slopes. Similar results were obtained in the relationship between the values of 1-month earlier postbreakfast PG and HbA(1c). CONCLUSION: There was interindividual divergence of the regression lines which was due to the difference in the intercepts but not the slopes. 
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Urine sediment interpretation is frequently used in the evaluation of patients with kidney disease. There has been no systematic evaluation of the reliability of this diagnostic maneuver. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: Digital photographs of urine sediment images were acquired from 165 consecutive patients being evaluated by the nephrology consultation service at a tertiary care hospital. Urine sediment images of 100 patients were randomly selected; 86 patients had images that were deemed to be of sufficient quality, and one image per patient was chosen for inclusion in an internet-based questionnaire. For each image, the presence or absence of 14 potential urinary structures was ascertained. Ten nephrologists (senior readers [n = 3]: >10 yr of experience; intermediate readers [n = 3]: 1 to 10 yr of experience; and junior readers [n = 4]: first year of practice) completed the questionnaire. For each urinary structure, we measured the rate of complete agreement among the readers as well as the kappa statistic as a marker of agreement beyond chance. RESULTS: Unanimous agreement was highest (79.1%) regarding the presence of broad and fatty casts and poorest (31.4%) for the identification of dysmorphic red blood cells and white blood cells. Interobserver agreement was best for squamous epithelial cells (kappa = 0.54) and hyaline casts (kappa = 0.52) and worst for transitional epithelial cells (kappa = 0.14) and fatty casts (kappa = 0.06). When assessed within strata of physician experience, interobserver agreement was not associated with seniority. CONCLUSIONS: Nephrologists achieved slight to moderate agreement in the identification of structures that are commonly observed in the urine sediment. 
Laboratory studies show that exposure to phthalates during development can cause adverse effects, especially for males. Studies in humans would be facilitated by collection of urine during pregnancy, long-term storage, and measurement of phthalate metabolites at the time that offspring health is assessed. Our aims were to measure urinary phthalate metabolites after long-term freezer storage, to use those measurements to evaluate within-woman variability over 2- and 4-week intervals, and to determine whether the phases of the menstrual cycle affect metabolite levels. Samples were selected from daily first-morning urine specimens collected by 60 women and stored frozen since 1983-1985. Three specimens per woman were selected at approximately 2-week intervals to include both follicular and luteal phase samples. Seven metabolites of five phthalates were measured by mass spectrometry. Statistical analyses were conducted with correlation, mixed model regression, and the Wilcoxon signed rank test. Creatinine-corrected urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations measured in samples after long-term storage tended to have a similar right-skewed distribution, though with somewhat higher concentrations than those reported for recently collected US samples. The concentrations of three metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in the same specimen were very highly correlated (Pearson r=0.85-0.97). Reproducibility over a 4-week interval was moderate for the metabolites of diethyl phthalate and benzylbutyl phthalate (intraclass correlation coefficients, ICCs, 0.48 and 0.53, respectively), whereas five other metabolites had lower ICCs (0.21-0.37). Menstrual phase was not related to metabolite concentrations. Although the same samples have not been measured both before and after long-term storage, results suggest that the measurement of phthalate metabolites after long-term sample storage yield generally similar distributions and temporal reliability as those reported for recently collected specimens. These findings support the use of stored urine specimens collected during the relevant stage of human pregnancy to investigate the influence of phthalate exposures on later outcomes.
There is a growing interest in the role that cancer biomarkers, metastasis-related molecules, and chemokines may play in the development and progression of various cancers. However, few studies have addressed the reliability of such biomarkers in healthy individuals over time. The objective of this study was to investigate the temporal reliability of multiple proteins in serum samples from healthy women who donated blood over successive years. Thirty five, postmenopausal women with two, repeated annual visits, and thirty, premenopausal women with three, repeated annual visits were randomly selected among eligible subjects from an existing, prospective cohort. Multiplexing Luminex xMAPTM technology was used to measure the levels of 55 serum proteins representing cancer antigens, chemokines, angiogenic and anti-angiogenic factors, proteases, adipokines, apoptotic molecules, and other markers in these women. The biomarkers with high detection rates (> 60%) and acceptable reliability (intraclass correlation coefficient, ICCs > or = 0.55) using xMAPTM method were: cancer antigens: AFP, CA 15-3, CEA, CA-125, SCC, SAA; growth factors/related molecules: ErbB2, IGFBP-1; proteases and adhesion molecules: MMP-1, 8, 9, sE-selectin, human kallikreins (KLK) 8,10, ICAM-1, VCAM-1, chemokines: fractalkine, MCP-1,2, RANTES, MIP-1alpha, MIP-1beta, Eotaxin, GRO-alpha, IP-10; inhibitors of angiogenesis: angiostatin and endostatin; adipokines leptin and resistin; apoptotic factor: Fas, and other proteins mesothelin, myeloperoxidase (MPO), and PAI-1. The rest of the biomarkers under investigation either had ICCs less than 0.55 or had low levels of detection (< 60%). These included cancer antigens: CA 19-9, CA 72-4, MICA, S100, TTR, ULBP1, ULBP2, ULBP3; proteases: MMP 2, 3, 7, 12, 13; chemokines: MCP-3, MIF, MIG; adipokines: leptin and resistin; apoptotic factors: FasL, DR5, Cyfra 21-1; and inhibitors of angiogenesis and other markers: thrombospondin and heat shock protein (HSP) 27. In conclusion, 34 out of the 55 biomarkers investigated were present in detectable levels in > 60% of the samples, and with an ICC > or = 0.55, indicating that a single serum measurement can be used in prospective epidemiological studies using the xMAPTM method.
Alkylresorcinols (AR), phenolic lipids exclusively present in the outer parts of wheat and rye grains, have been proposed as concentration biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake. A key feature of a good biomarker is high reproducibility, which indicates how accurately a single sample reflects the true mean biomarker concentration caused by a certain intake. In this study, the short- to medium-term reproducibility of plasma AR was determined using samples from a crossover intervention study, where men with prostate cancer (n = 17) were fed rye whole-grain/bran or refined wheat products for 6-wk periods. AR homologs C17:0 and C21:0 differed between the treatments (P < 0.001). The reproducibility determined by the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) was high (intervention period 1: ICC = 0.90 [95% CI = 0.82-0.98], intervention period 2: ICC = 0.88 [95% CI = 0.78-0.98]). The results show that a single fasting plasma sample could be used to estimate the mean plasma AR concentration during a 6-wk intervention period with constant intake at a precision of +/- 20% (80% CI). This suggests that the plasma AR concentration can be used as a reliable short- to medium-term biomarker for whole-grain wheat and rye under intervention conditions where intake is kept constant.
OBJECTIVES: To describe the variability in outcomes and care processes for children hospitalized for urinary tract infection (UTI), and to identify patient and hospital factors that may account for variability. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective cohort of children 1 month to 12 years of age hospitalized for UTI at 25 children's hospitals from 1999 to 2004. We measured variability in length-of-stay (LOS), cost, readmission rate, intensive care unit admission, and performance of renal ultrasound and voiding cystourethrogram and identified patient and hospital factors associated with these outcomes. RESULTS: The cohort included 20,892 children. There was significant variation in outcomes and processes of care across hospitals (eg, mean LOS, 2.1-5.0 days; patients with both imaging tests performed, 0.3%-72.9%). Older children had shorter LOS and were less likely to undergo imaging. Patients hospitalized at high volume hospitals were more likely to undergo imaging. Hospitals with high percentage of Medicaid patients had longer LOS and were less likely to perform imaging tests. Hospitals with a clinical practice guideline for UTI had shorter LOS and decreased costs per admission. CONCLUSIONS: The variability across hospitals may represent opportunities for benchmarking, standardization, and quality improvement. Decreased LOS and costs associated with clinical practice guidelines support their implementation. 
PURPOSE: The aim of the study was to investigate possible associations between different heart rate variability (HRV) indices and various biomarkers of inflammation in 45 septic patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We daily assessed HRV in the time domain (SD of RR intervals [SDNN]), frequency domain (low [LF], high frequency [HF], LF/HF as an indicator of sympathovagal balance); the 2 values of SD (SD1, SD2) from the Poincar plot; and measured C-reactive protein, interleukin 6, and interleukin 10 serum levels in patients with sepsis and mean Sequential Organ Failure Assessment score (SOFA) 10 or lower (n = 25) and septic shock (SOFA > 10, n = 20) for 6 days. RESULTS: C-reactive protein exhibited significant negative correlations with LF (r = -0.78), LF/HF (r = -0.61), and SDNN (r = -0.79) and positive correlations with HF (r = 0.80) and SD1/SD2 (r = 0.66), whereas interleukin 10 was positively correlated with HF (r = 0.71) and negatively with LF (r = -0.89) and LF/HF (r = -0.66) in septic shock patients (P < .05 for all comparisons). Standard deviation of RR intervals and HF proved to be independent predictors of the severity of disease (beta slope [B] = -1.091; P = .013; 95% confidence interval [CI], -1.43 to -0.74, and B = 0.78; P = .022; 95% CI, 0.21-1.35, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that low HRV and sympathovagal balance during septic shock are associated with both an increased hyperinflammatory and antiinflammatory response. 
BACKGROUND: Urinary arsenic metabolites (UAs) are used as biomarkers of exposure and metabolism. OBJECTIVES: To characterize inter- and intraindividual variability in UAs in healthy individuals. METHODS: In a longitudinal study conducted in Bangladesh, we collected water and spot urine samples from 196 participants every 3 months for 2 years. Water arsenic (As) was measured by inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry and urinary As [arsenite, arsenate, monomethylarsonic acid (MMA), and dimethylarsinic acid (DMA)] were detected using high-performance liquid chromatography-hydride-generated atomic absorption spectrometry. We used linear mixed-effects models to compute variance components and evaluate the association between UAs and selected factors. RESULTS: The concentrations of UAs were fairly reproducible within individuals, with intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) of 0.41, 0.35, 0.47, and 0.49 for inorganic As (InAs), MMA, DMA, and total urinary As (TUA). However, when expressed as a ratio, the percent InAs (%InAs), %MMA, and %DMA were poorly reproducible within individuals, with ICCs of 0.16, 0.16, and 0.17, respectively. Arsenic metabolism was significantly associated with sex, exposure, age, smoking, chewing betel nut, urinary creatinine, and season. Specificity and sensitivity analyses showed that a single urine sample adequately classified a participant's urinary As profile as high or low, but TUA had only moderate specificity for correctly classifying drinking water exposures. CONCLUSIONS: Epidemiologic studies should use both urinary As concentrations and the relative proportion of UAs to minimize measurement error and to facilitate interpretation of factors that influence As metabolism. 
The utility of urine and serum hepcidin measurements in the clinic depends on their reproducibility. We sought to expand our previous work on the within-subject variability and between-subject variability of this novel iron parameter in the serum and urine of 24 healthy controls by time-of-flight mass spectrometry at four different time points during the day. A linear mixed model for repeated data was used to distinguish three components of the total variability in the measurements: within-day/within-subject variability, between-subject variability, and additional residual or (pre)analytical variability. Differences in diurnal hepcidin patterns were observed between urine and serum. Urine levels remained similar during the course of the morning and increased significantly during the afternoon, whereas serum levels increased significantly throughout both the morning and afternoon. Furthermore, in serum the (pre)analytical variability (28.6%) was smaller than the between-subject (48.1%) and within-day/within-subject variability (30.3%) compared with urine variability (97.2% vs. 67.7 and 77.3%, respectively). High serum ferritin levels were associated with higher serum hepcidin levels but not with urine levels. Transferrin saturation did not correlate with hepcidin levels. To minimize variability, we recommend (i) standardizing for sampling time and (ii) measuring serum hepcidin levels.
BACKGROUND: Genetic background can influence the expected values of hematologic and serum biochemical analytes in domestic animal species. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine if there are breed-related differences in serum biochemical variables in healthy purebred dogs of 4 breeds and to develop appropriate reference intervals. METHODS: Alaskan Malamutes (n=59), Siberian Huskies (n=78), Golden Retrievers (n=90), and English Setters (n=77) were included in the study. The dogs had a median age of 42 months (range 10-112 months) and each breed included a mix of intact and neutered dogs of both sexes. Serum biochemical profiles (Olympus AU400e) were performed along with physical examinations, CBCs, and urinalyses to ensure dogs were clinically healthy. Differences in the values of biochemical analytes were assessed nonparametrically and reference intervals for all breeds combined were calculated as the central 95% percentile. RESULTS: Significant differences were observed between breeds for all serum biochemical analytes except alkaline phosphatase, glucose, and chloride. The analyte ranges had a large degree of overlap between the different breeds. CONCLUSIONS: Although many statistically significant breed-related differences in serum biochemical values were observed, the differences were small and unlikely to have clinical relevance or impact medical decision making. 
The reproducibility of metabolite content determined by MR spectroscopy (MRS) is usually at best a few percent for the prominent singlets. When studying low-concentration metabolites, like phenylalanine (Phe), where tissue content can be <100 micromol/kg, better reproducibility is paramount-particularly in view of using MRS results for potential individual treatment advice. An optimized, targeted spectroscopy method was established at 1.5T and reproducibility was established in 21 patients with phenylketonuria (PKU) where three spectra were recorded in each of three independent sessions, two of which were in immediate succession to minimize physiologic variation. Intersession variation was found to be only 7 micromol/kg Phe for back-to-back repetition of sessions, in close agreement with the variation of 16 micromol/kg observed for single spectra within a session. Analysis of variance proved the individuality of the blood/brain Phe ratio-though this ratio seems to be influenced by physiologic factors that are not stable in time. The excellent reproducibility was achieved through optimization of various factors, including signal-to-noise ratio, repositioning, and prescan calibrations, but also by enforcing as much prior information as possible (e.g., lineshape and phase from reference scans, constant prior-knowledge-locked baseline). While the application of maximum general prior knowledge is a general method to reduce fluctuations, one should remember that it may introduce systematic errors.
BACKGROUND: Assessment of fluid responsiveness is an important topic in acute cardiology. Echocardiographic measurement of respiratory variations of aortic blood velocity in ventilated shock patients can accurately predict the effect of volume expansion. On the other hand, it remains unclear whether this respiratory variability is a common physiological reaction to hypovolaemia and whether its measurement is applicable also in spontaneously breathing patients. AIM: To assess whether respiratory variability of peak aortic blood flow velocity (DVpeakao) and of aortic velocity time integral (DVTIao) reflects preload-dependent changes of cardiac index (CI) and whether it predicts fluid responsiveness in healthy spontaneously breathing volunteers. METHODS: DVpeakao, DVTIao and CI were measured by transthoracic echocardiography in 20 volunteers at baseline and after intravenous administration of furosemide (0.5 mg/kg). Afterwards, volunteers were randomised to rapid intravenous volume expansion (group A) or no expansion (group B) and assessed finally. RESULTS: Hypovolaemia induction was associated with a decrease of CI (from 3.25 +/- 0.50 to 2.28 +/- 0.43 l/min/m2, p < 0.001) which correlated with an increase of DVpeakao (r = -0.490, p = 0.028) and DVTIao (r = -0.554, p = 0.011) in both groups. In group A, volume expansion was followed by a drop of DVpeakao (from 16.04 +/- 1.99 to 2.97 +/- 1.65 %, p < 0.001) and DVTIao (from 20.43 +/- 5.13 to 3.43 +/- 1.68 %, p < 0.001) and CI increase (from 2.14 +/- 0.47 to 3.29 +/- 0.57 l/min/m2, p < 0.001). This increase strongly correlated with the value of DVpeakao (r = 0.782, p = 0.008) and DVTIao (r = 0.770, p = 0.009) before volume expansion. Conversely, there was no change of measured parameters in group B. Threshold values of 14% for DVaopeak and 17% for DVTIao were identified to predict fluid responsiveness (increase of CI > 15%) with a sensitivity of 89% and specificity of 100%. CONCLUSIONS: DVpeakao and DVTIao reflect preload-dependent changes of CI in healthy spontaneously breathing volunteers and predict fluid responsiveness. 
The purpose of this study was to assess the repeatability of a dual gradient-recalled echo (GRE) muscle functional MRI technique. On 2 days, subjects (n = 8) performed 10 s isometric dorsiflexion contractions under conditions of: (1) maximal voluntary contraction (MVC), (2) 50% MVC (50% MVC), or (3) 50% MVC with concurrent proximal arterial cuff occlusion (50% MVC(cuff)). Functional MRI data were acquired using single-slice dual GRE (TR/TE = 1000/6, 46 ms)-echo planar imaging for 20 s before, during, and for 180 s after each contraction. The mean signal intensity (SI) time courses at each TE (SI(6) and SI(46), reflecting variations in blood volume and %HbO(2), respectively) from the tibialis anterior (TA) and extensor digitorum longus (EDL) muscles were characterized with the post-contraction change in SI and the time-to-peak SI (DeltaSI and TTP, respectively). DeltaSI(6) following an MVC was 36% higher than that obtained after a 50% MVC (p = 0.048). For DeltaSI(6), the highest intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) were observed for the TA muscle in the 50% MVC and MVC conditions, with values of 0.83 (p = 0.01) and 0.88 (p = 0.005), respectively. Bland-Altman plots revealed repeatability coefficients (RCs) for the 50% MVC and MVC conditions in the TA muscle of 1.9 and 1.4, respectively. The most repeatable measures for DeltaSI(46) were obtained for the 50% MVC and MVC conditions in the EDL muscle (p = 0.01 and p = 0.04, respectively). Bland-Altman plots revealed RC's for 50% MVC and MVC conditions in the EDL muscle of 3.9 and 5.7, respectively. DeltaSI(6) and DeltaSI(46) increased as a function of the contraction intensity. The repeatability of the method depends on the muscle and contraction condition being evaluated, and in general, is higher following an MVC.
Elevated levels of trans-indolyl-3-acryloylglycine (IAcrGly) have been reported in the urine of people with various conditions including pervasive developmental disorders (PDDs) such as autism and Asperger syndrome. Reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography with ultra-violet detection using traditional particle silica-based columns subsequent to solid-phase extraction (SPE) has been the preferred assay method; requiring long analytical run times, high flow rates and high solvent usage. Recent developments in monolithic HPLC column technology facilitated the development of a novel analytical method, for the detection and quantification of urinary IAcrGly. The revised method eliminates the requirement for SPE pre-treatment, reduces sample run-time and decreases solvent volumes. Five urine samples from people diagnosed with PDD were run in quadruplicate to test the intra- and inter-day reliability of the new method based on retention time, peak area and peak height for IAcrGly. Detection was by UV with IAcrGly confirmation by MS/MS-MS. Relative standard deviations showed significant improvement with the new method for all parameters. The new method represents a major advancement in the detection and quantification of IAcrGly by reducing time and cost of analysis whilst improving detection limits and reproducibility.
In biomarker-disease association studies, the long-term average level of a biomarker is often considered the optimal measure of exposure. Long-term average levels may not be accurately measured from a single sample, however, because of systematic temporal variation. For example, serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentrations may fluctuate because of seasonal variation in sun exposure. Association studies of 25(OH)D and cancer risk have used different strategies to minimize bias from such seasonal variation, including adjusting for date of sample collection (DOSC), often after matching on DOSC, and/or using season-specific cutpoints to assign subjects to exposure categories. To evaluate and understand the impact of such strategies on potential bias, the authors simulated a population in which 25(OH)D levels varied between individuals and by season, and disease risk was determined by long-term average 25(OH)D. Ignoring temporal variation resulted in bias toward the null. When cutpoints that did not account for DOSC were used, adjustment for DOSC sometimes resulted in bias away from the null. Using season- or month-specific cutpoints reduced bias toward the null and did not cause bias away from the null. To avoid potential bias away from the null, using season- or month-specific cutpoints may be preferable to adjusting for DOSC.
Measurements of blood glucose response to food are highly variable. We determined whether within-individual variability in data for blood glucose responses were reduced if individuals consumed a standard meal 2 hours before testing and investigated the effect of serving size. Blood glucose responses to muesli and macaroni cheese were determined in 13 individuals by taking 2 fasting capillary blood samples. Food was then consumed, and capillary blood samples were taken every 15 minutes for the first hour and every 30 minutes for the second hour. The incremental area under the blood glucose response curve was determined, and glycemic glucose equivalents (GGEs) were calculated. The GGE values were not significantly different whether the muesli and macaroni cheese were fed fasting or after a standard breakfast (29.2 vs 34.5 g for muesli and 11.0 vs 14.6 g for macaroni cheese). Within-individual coefficients of variation were not significantly different whether the food was consumed fasting or after a standard breakfast (24.9% and 32.5% for muesli and 38.1% and 59.4% for macaroni cheese). Differences in GGE between measured and estimated half serving size for macaroni cheese were 0.8 g (P = .6) and for muesli, 3 g (P = .2); for the double serving size for macaroni cheese, 1.7 g (P = .7); and for muesli, 6.7 g (P = .06). The GGE values for foods and variability in blood glucose response within individuals were not significantly different whether individuals fasted or consumed a standard breakfast before testing. However, blood glucose levels tended to differ significantly after consumption of the double serving size of muesli compared with other serving sizes.
OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the observer accuracy and intra-observer test-retest reliability of visual estimation of blood loss by midwives and obstetricians. METHODS: This was a prospective, single-blinded observational study conducted at a London teaching hospital. The accuracy of visually estimating five maternity pads that had been soaked with 25, 50, 100, 150 and 200 ml of blood was assessed. The reproducibility in estimating the same volume (two sets of pads soaked with 50, 100, 150 and 200 ml of blood randomly placed at separate stations) was evaluated by asking participants to visually estimate these volumes. RESULTS: Although there is a tendency to overestimate, the mean percentage difference (estimated-actual volumes) was not significantly different among consultants, trainees and midwives. Visual estimations were especially inaccurate with smaller volumes, which could be overestimated by up to 540%. Test-retest reliability was poor for the larger volumes but statistically acceptable for the smaller volumes, although the difference between the two estimates of the same volume could be as much as 300%. CONCLUSIONS: Visual estimations were inaccurate by health-care professionals who have a tendency to overestimate. Experience did not appear to have a confounding effect on accuracy. Further training in visual assessment skills is necessary in order to improve the clinicians' estimation. 
Carotenoids, naturally occurring lipophilic micronutrients, possess an antioxidant activity associated with protection from damage induced by free radicals. The present study investigated an innovative non-invasive method to measure cutaneous levels of lycopene and beta-carotene and to monitor the distribution of orally administered lactolycopene in human skin and plasma. A double-blind placebo-controlled randomized study was performed in 25 volunteers, who were under a lycopene-deprived diet (4 weeks prior to study until end of the study) and orally received either lactolycopene or placebo for 12 weeks. Skin and plasma levels of lycopene and beta-carotene were monitored monthly using Raman spectroscopy and HPLC, respectively. Cutaneous levels of lycopene and beta-carotene monitored by resonance Raman spectroscopy showed high reliability. Irrespective of the investigated area, cutaneous levels were sensitive to lycopene deprivation and to oral supplementation; the forehead showed the closest correlation to lycopene variation in plasma. Plasma and skin levels of lycopene were both sensitive to oral intake of lactolycopene and, interestingly, also skin levels of beta-carotene. Thus, oral supplementation with lycopene led to an enrichment of beta-carotene in human skin, possibly due to the fact that carotenoids act in the skin as protection chains, with a natural protection against free radicals.
Thirteen healthy Labrador retrievers underwent a 5-stage incremental treadmill exercise test to assess its reliability. Blood lactate (BL), heart rate (HR), and body temperature (BT) were measured at rest, after each stage of exercise, and after a 20-min recovery. Reproducibility was assessed by repeating the test after 7 days. Two-way MANOVAs revealed significant differences between consecutive stages, and between values at rest and after recovery. There was also a significant reduction in physiological strain between the first and second trial (learning effect). Test reliability expressed as typical error (BL = 0.22 mmol/l, HR = 9.81 bpm, BT = 0.22 degrees C), coefficient of variation (BL = 19.3%, HR = 7.9% and BT = 0.6%) and test-retest correlation (BL = 0.89, HR = 0.96, BT = 0.95) was good. Results support test reproducibility although the learning effect needs to be controlled when investigating the exercise-related problems commonly observed in this breed.
BACKGROUND: Bisphenol A (BPA) is an estrogenic contaminant of food and water associated with adverse developmental effects in laboratory animals. BPA has recently been linked to morbidity in adult humans, but studies of developmental effects in humans are methodologically more difficult. The ability to measure BPA in urine samples after long-term storage could aid in such studies. Because the half-life of BPA is < 6h, a single measurement would be useful only if the environmental exposure is relatively constant over weeks or months. Our aims were to evaluate the stability of BPA in specimens after 22-24 years of storage and to measure within-person temporal variability in urinary BPA. METHODS: We measured total BPA concentration by mass spectrometry in first-morning urine samples from 60 premenopausal women. We selected from each woman's stored daily collections three urine samples approximately 2 and 4 weeks apart. Samples were selected from both the follicular and luteal phases of the menstrual cycle to assess cycle effects. Temporal variability was assessed with mixed model regression and correlations. RESULTS: BPA levels had an inter-quartile range from 1.1 to 3.1 ng/mg creatinine, slightly higher than levels in specimens from NHANES collected 3-11 years later. The Spearman correlation was approximately 0.5 for samples 2 weeks apart and 0.3 for samples 4 weeks apart. Menstrual cycle phase did not influence levels. BPA tended to increase during the three-year collection period, but not significantly. CONCLUSIONS: The similar distribution to NHANES samples and correlation of BPA levels taken at 2-week intervals provide indirect evidence that BPA is relatively stable during long-term freezer storage. The correlations indicate generally stable exposures over periods of weeks. These findings suggest that developmental effects of BPA exposure could be investigated with measurements from stored urine. 
CONTEXT: Maternally inherited diabetes and deafness (MIDD) is a rare form of diabetes with a matrilineal transmission, sensorineural hearing loss, and macular pattern dystrophy due to an A to G transition at position 3243 of mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) (m.3243A>G). The phenotypic heterogeneity of MIDD may be the consequence of different levels of mutated mtDNA among mitochondria in a given tissue. OBJECTIVE: The aim of the present study was thus to ascertain the correlation between the severity of the phenotype in patients with MIDD and the level of heteroplasmy in the blood leukocytes. PARTICIPANTS: The GEDIAM prospective multicenter register was initiated in 1995. Eighty-nine Europid patients from this register, with MIDD and the mtDNA 3243A>G mutation, were included. Patients with MELAS (mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes) or with mitochondrial diabetes related to other mutations or to deletions of mtDNA were excluded. RESULTS: A significant negative correlation was found between levels of heteroplasmy and age of the patients at the time of sampling for molecular analysis, age at the diagnosis of diabetes, and body mass index. After adjustment for age at sampling for molecular study and gender, the correlation between heteroplasmy levels and age at the diagnosis of diabetes was no more significant. The two other correlations remained significant. A significant positive correlation between levels of heteroplasmy and HbA(1c) was also found and remained significant after adjustment for age at molecular sampling and gender. CONCLUSIONS: These results support the hypothesis that heteroplasmy levels are at least one of the determinants of the severity of the phenotype in MIDD. 
OBJECTIVE: Study the reproducibility of wet smear interpretation of clue cells, lactobacillary grades and leukocyte dominance with conventional bright light and phase contrast microscopy. STUDY DESIGN: Sets of vaginal specimens were taken from unselected consecutive women attending an outpatient gynaecology clinic. Air-dried vaginal fluid on a microscope slide was rehydrated with isotonic saline before examination by six independent international investigators. Some investigators initially used a conventional bright light microscope, followed by phase contrast technique. RESULTS: Using phase contrast microscopy, an excellent inter-observer agreement was obtained among all investigators for clue cells detection (Kappa values from 0.69 to 0.94) and lactobacillary grades (Kappa 0.73-0.93). When conventional light microscopes were used, poor agreement was obtained for these criteria (Kappa index 0.37-0.72 and 0.80, respectively), but switching to phase contrast microscopy by the same investigators, improved Kappa to 0.83-0.85 and 0.88, respectively. The inter-observer agreement for estimation of the leukocyte/epithelial cell ratio (Kappa index 0.17-0.67) was poor, irrespective of the type of microscopy applied. Intra-observer agreement of clue cell detection and lactobacillary grading was also found to be excellent if phase contrast microscopy was used (Kappa 0.87-0.93), and poor with conventional bright light microscopy (Kappa 0.45-0.66). CONCLUSION: Clue cells and the lactobacillary grades are reliably identified by phase contrast microscopy in wet smears, with excellent intra- and inter-observer reproducibility agreement, and better than when simple bright light microscopy was used. Evaluation of leukocyte grading, on the other hand, was inconsistent among the different microscopists, irrespective of the type of microscope used. We propose to grade the leukocytes in a different way than searching for leukocyte dominance over epithelial cells, namely by counting them per high power field and per epithelial cell. 
Genetic polymorphisms were examined using direct sequencing of the hypervariable region II (HVRII) in the D-loop of mtDNA in the cord blood of 355 children living in two areas of the Czech Republic - the industrial district of Teplice and the agricultural district of Prachatice. The incidence of the most frequent nucleotide variants of HVRII, C150T (10.1%), T152C (19.7%), T195C (19.7%) and 309.nC (41.4% for 309.2C and 13.8% for 309.3C), and the respiratory morbidity at the ages of 0-2 years and 2-6 years were investigated, considering many other factors such as locality, gender, ethnicity, heating by coal in household, maternal age, asthma bronchiale, allergic rhinitis, pollinosis, conjunctivitis and maternal tobacco exposure during and after pregnancy. We found that the T195C transversion in HVRII is connected with an increased risk of early childhood (0-2 years) bronchitis (RR 1.38, p=0.034, 95% CI 1.04-1.85) and with increased risk of otitis media in children aged 2-6 years (RR 1.62, p=0.032, 95% CI 1.04-2.53). Another polymorphism, 309.nC, is associated with an increased risk of bronchitis in children aged 2-6 years (RR 1.46, p=0.030, 95% CI 1.04-2.06). The results indicate that genetic polymorphisms in mtDNA may be an important factor not only for various types of cancers and neurodegenerative diseases, but also for respiratory morbidity in children.
UNLABELLED: (82)Rb cardiac PET allows the assessment of myocardial perfusion with a column generator in clinics that lack a cyclotron. There is evidence that the quantitation of myocardial blood flow (MBF) and coronary flow reserve (CFR) with dynamic (82)Rb PET is feasible. The objectives of this study were to determine the accuracy and reproducibility of MBF estimates from dynamic (82)Rb PET by using our methodology for generalized factor analysis (generalized factor analysis of dynamic sequences [GFADS]) and compartment analysis. METHODS: Reproducibility was evaluated in 22 subjects undergoing dynamic rest and dipyridamole stress (82)Rb PET studies at a 2-wk interval. The inter- and intraobserver variability of MBF quantitation with dynamic (82)Rb PET was assessed with 4 repeated estimations by each of 4 observers. Accuracy was evaluated in 20 subjects undergoing dynamic rest and dipyridamole stress PET studies with (82)Rb and (13)N-ammonia, respectively. The left ventricular and right ventricular blood pool and left ventricular tissue time-activity curves were estimated by GFADS. MBF was estimated by fitting the blood pool and tissue time-activity curves to a 2-compartment kinetic model for (82)Rb and to a 3-compartment model for (13)N-ammonia. CFR was estimated as the ratio of peak MBF to baseline MBF. RESULTS: The reproducibility of the MBF estimates in repeated (82)Rb studies was very good at rest and during peak stress (R(2)= 0.935), as was the reproducibility of the CFR estimates (R(2) = 0.841). The slope of the correlation line was very close to one for the estimation of MBF (0.986) and CFR (0.960) in repeated (82)Rb studies. The intraobserver reliability was less than 3% for the estimation of MBF at rest and during peak stress as well as for the estimation of CFR. The interobserver reliabilities were 0.950 at rest and 0.975 at peak stress. The correlation between myocardial flow estimates obtained at rest and those obtained during peak stress in (82)Rb and (13)N-ammonia studies was very good (R(2) = 0.857). Bland-Altman plots comparing CFR estimated with (82)Rb and CFR estimated with (13)N-ammonia revealed an underestimation of CFR with (82)Rb compared with (13)N-ammonia; the underestimation was within +/-1.96 SD. CONCLUSION: MBF quantitation with GFADS and dynamic (82)Rb PET demonstrated excellent reproducibility as well as intra- and interobserver reliability. The accuracy of the absolute quantitation of MBF with factor and compartment analyses and dynamic (82)Rb PET was very good, compared with that achieved with (13)N-ammonia, for MBF of up to 2.5 mL/g/min. 
INTRODUCTION: In critical illness, the association of hypoglycemia, blood glucose (BG) variability and outcome are not well understood. We describe the incidence, clinical factors and outcomes associated with an early hypoglycemia and BG variability in critically ill patients. METHODS: Retrospective interrogation of prospectively collected data from the Australia New Zealand Intensive Care Society Adult Patient Database on 66184 adult admissions to 24 intensive care units (ICUs) from 1 January 2000 to 31 December 2005. Primary exposure was hypoglycemia (BG < 4.5 mmol/L) and BG variability (BG < 4.5 and >or= 12.0 mmol/L) within 24 hours of admission. Primary outcome was all-cause mortality. RESULTS: The cumulative incidence of hypoglycemia and BG variability were 13.8% (95% confidence interval (CI) = 13.5 to 14.0; n = 9122) and 2.9% (95%CI = 2.8 to 3.0, n = 1913), respectively. Several clinical factors were associated with both hypoglycemia and BG variability including: co-morbid disease (P < 0.001), non-elective admissions (P < 0.001), higher illness severity (P < 0.001), and primary septic diagnosis (P < 0.001). Hypoglycemia was associated with greater odds of adjusted ICU (odds ratio (OR) = 1.41, 95% CI = 1.31 to 1.54) and hospital death (OR = 1.36, 95% CI = 1.27 to 1.46). Hypoglycemia severity was associated with 'dose-response' increases in mortality. BG variability was associated with greater odds of adjusted ICU (1.5, 95% CI = 1.4 to 1.6) and hospital (1.4, 95% CI = 1.3 to 1.5) mortality, when compared with either hypoglycemia only or neither. CONCLUSIONS: In critically ill patients, both early hypoglycemia and early variability in BG are relatively common, and independently portend an increased risk for mortality. 
BACKGROUND: Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiatives ("ADNI") aim to validate neuroimaging and biochemical markers of Alzheimer's disease (AD). Data of the pilot European-ADNI (E-ADNI) biological marker programme of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and plasma candidate biomarkers are reported. METHODS: Six academic EADC centres recruited 49 subjects (healthy controls, subjects with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and AD). We measured CSF beta-amyloid 42 (CSF Abeta42), total tau-protein (t-tau), phosphorylated tau-proteins (P-tau181, P-tau231), plasma beta-amyloid 40 and 42 (Abeta40/Abeta42). Immediate fresh shipment was compared to freezing and later shipment on dry ice. RESULTS: CSF T-tau (fresh samples) was increased in AD versus controls (p=0.049), CSF Abeta42 (frozen samples) was decreased in MCI and AD (p=0.02), as well as plasma Abeta40 (fresh and frozen samples) in AD (p=0.049 and p=0.016). Pooled values of neurochemical parameters and ratios thereof were different between centres (p<0.005). Analysis of frozen samples yielded higher diagnostic accuracy than immediate fresh shipment with 100% (fresh: 100%) correctly classified in control subjects, 100% (78%) in MCI, 91% (91%) in AD. CONCLUSION: The use of frozen rather than fresh samples renders higher diagnostic accuracy within a multicentre context. We confirmed the feasibility of a multicentre AD biomarker programme for future clinical trials. 
We investigated the pharmacokinetics of oral tacrolimus in 31 hematopoietic cell transplant recipients, identifying 2 subgroups based on the differences between C(0) (trough) and C(max) (maximal) levels: group A (n = 21; 68%) with a C(max)-C(0) value of <10 ng/mL, and group B (n = 10; 32%) with a C(max)-C(0) value of >or=10 ng/mL. Although the C(0) and C(12) values were not significantly different between the 2 groups, the mean area under the concentration curve for 12 hours (AUC(0-12)) was significantly greater in group B than group A (200.9 +/- 36.3 vs 155.1 +/- 43.1 ng.h/mL; P < .05), and the mean half-life was significantly shorter in group B than group A (13.55 +/- 6.70 vs 18.17 +/- 6.30 hours; P < .05). Thus after the oral administration of tacrolimus, we observed a notably high AUC due to high peak level, which we were unable to predict simply by measuring the trough level. A pharmacokinetic analysis of each patient was essential to optimize the oral tacrolimus dose.
Fetal exposures have come under investigation as risk factors of early life allergic disease. In this study we aimed to examine the relationships between dog or cat exposure and naturally occurring regulatory T cells (Treg cells), thought to play an important role in immune tolerance, in pregnant women. A cross-sectional analysis was conducted among 204 pregnant women who were queried regarding dog and cat exposure. Treg cells (CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ lymphocytes) and allergen-specific IgE were measured in venous blood samples. Atopy was defined as allergen-specific IgE > or =0.35kU/l reactive with common allergens including dust mite, dog, cat, Timothy grass, ragweed, Alternaria alternata, egg white or cockroach. Nonparametric Wilcoxon rank sum tests and linear regression models of log transformed Treg cell levels were used in analyses. Among women sensitized to dog, those who had a dog or cat in the home had lower Treg cell levels compared with those who had no dog or cat. However, among women not sensitized to dog, those with a dog or cat in the home had higher Treg cell levels compared with those who did not. Among women sensitized to cat, those who had a dog or cat in the home had lower Treg cell levels compared with those who had no dog or cat. Gestational age at blood draw did not affect the associations. We conclude that Treg cell levels during pregnancy vary in association with both dog and cat exposure and atopic status.
OBJECTIVE: To assess computerised least-squares analysis of quantitative basal temperature (LS-BT) against urinary pregnanediol glucuronide (PdG) as an indirect measure of ovulation, and to evaluate the stability of LS-QBT to wake-time variation. STUDY DESIGN: Cross-sectional study of 40 healthy, normal-weight, regularly menstruating women aged 19-34. Participants recorded basal temperature and collected first void urine daily for one complete menstrual cycle. Evidence of luteal activity (ELA), an indirect ovulation indicator, was assessed using Kassam's PdG algorithm, which identifies a sustained 3-day PdG rise, and the LS-QBT algorithm, by determining whether the temperature curve is significantly biphasic. Cycles were classified as ELA(+) or ELA(-). We explored the need to pre-screen for wake-time variations by repeating the analysis using: (A) all recorded temperatures, (B) wake-time adjusted temperatures, (C) temperatures within 2h of average wake-time, and (D) expert reviewed temperatures. RESULTS: Relative to PdG, classification of cycles as ELA(+) was 35 of 36 for LS-QBT methods A and B, 33 of 34 (method C) and 30 of 31 (method D). Classification of cycles as ELA(-) was 1 of 4 (methods A and B) and 0 of 3 (methods C and D). Positive predictive value was 92% for methods A-C and 91% for method D. Negative predictive value was 50% for methods A and B and 0% for methods C and D. Overall accuracy was 90% for methods A and B, 89% for method C and 88% for method D. The day of a significant temperature increase by LS-QBT and the first day of a sustained PdG rise were correlated (r=0.803, 0.741, 0.651, 0.747 for methods A-D, respectively, all p<0.001). CONCLUSION: LS-QBT showed excellent detection of ELA(+) cycles (sensitivity, positive predictive value) but poor detection of ELA(-) cycles (specificity, negative predictive value) relative to urinary PdG. Correlations between the methods and overall accuracy were good and similar for all analyses. Findings suggest that LS-QBT is robust to wake-time variability and that expert interpretation is unnecessary. This method shows promise for use as an epidemiological tool to document cyclic progesterone increase. Further validation relative to daily transvaginal ultrasound is required. 
OBJECTIVES: In Sweden, an important source for exposure to persistent organochlorine pollutants, such as PCDD and PCDF, is through intake of fatty fish from the Baltic Sea off the Eastern coast of Sweden. The present study assesses temporal trends for human levels of PCDD/F between 1987 and 2002 among 26 men from Sweden. In addition, we investigate the impact of potential determinants (age, relative change in BMI and fish consumption) on the relatively change in individual PCDD/F congener levels between 1987 and 2002. METHODS: In 1987, nine of the men did not eat fatty fish from the Baltic Sea, eight had a moderate intake, and nine were high consumers. For the same individuals, blood samples were collected in 1987 as well as in 2002, and the concentrations of seven PCDD and 10 PCDF congeners were analyzed at the same laboratory. RESULTS: The WHO-TEQ levels for PCDD/F did not significantly change over the 15-year period. There were, however, some specific congeners that significantly had changed over time. None of the investigated determinants were associated with the change over time for the specific PCDD/F congeners. CONCLUSION: The present study may be of importance for risk assessment and setting standards for food contamination with PCDD/F, especially regarding intake of fatty fish from the Baltic Sea. 
OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that gut stimulation provokes autonomic arousal via activation of regional cerebral cortices. How the human brain processes interoceptive signals and forms initial autonomic arousal is one of the key questions to be answered in research on emotion. METHODS: Twelve healthy males participated in this study. A barostat bag was inserted in the rectum and intermittently inflated with 0, 20, or 40 mm Hg at random for 80 seconds. H(2)(15)O positron emission tomography (PET) of the brain, electrocardiography, and blood sampling for catecholamines were performed. Changes in regional cerebral blood flow were interpreted using statistical parametric mapping. RESULTS: Rectal distention with 40 mm Hg induced a significant increase in heart rate, low frequency (LF)/high frequency (HF) ratio of heart rate variability, and plasma adrenaline. Activated brain areas that were associated with increased heart rate during rectal distention were the right insula, right operculum, right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, putamen, thalamus, periaqueductal gray, and cerebellum (p < .001, uncorrected), whereas those that were associated with an increased LF/HF ratio were the bilateral insula, putamen, thalamus, midbrain, pons, and cerebellum (p < .001, uncorrected). Activated brain areas that were associated with increased plasma adrenaline were the right insula, right orbitofrontal cortex, right parahippocampal gyrus, putamen, thalamus, periaqueductal gray, pons, and cerebellum (p < .001, uncorrected). CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that the right insula and the related body mapping regions may form the functional module of sympathetic arousal in response to gut stimulation. 
Verification of candidate biomarkers relies upon specific, quantitative assays optimized for selective detection of target proteins, and is increasingly viewed as a critical step in the discovery pipeline that bridges unbiased biomarker discovery to preclinical validation. Although individual laboratories have demonstrated that multiple reaction monitoring (MRM) coupled with isotope dilution mass spectrometry can quantify candidate protein biomarkers in plasma, reproducibility and transferability of these assays between laboratories have not been demonstrated. We describe a multilaboratory study to assess reproducibility, recovery, linear dynamic range and limits of detection and quantification of multiplexed, MRM-based assays, conducted by NCI-CPTAC. Using common materials and standardized protocols, we demonstrate that these assays can be highly reproducible within and across laboratories and instrument platforms, and are sensitive to low mug/ml protein concentrations in unfractionated plasma. We provide data and benchmarks against which individual laboratories can compare their performance and evaluate new technologies for biomarker verification in plasma.
BACKGROUND: The chondrogenic differentiation potential of the easily accessible adipose tissue-derived stem cells (ASCs) is of particular interest within the field of tissue engineering for treating cartilage defects. However, no consensus has been reached as to which oxygen tension is more beneficial for the differentiation process. MATERIALS & METHODS: In this investigation, the impact of available oxygen was investigated to identify optimal conditions for human ASC chondrogenesis in vitro. Four physiologically relevant oxygen concentrations of 15, 10, 5 and 1% were compared with ambient air condition, and the ASCs originating from six unrelated donors were subjected to chondrogenic induction in high-density pellet cultures. RESULTS: The qualitative and quantitative assessment of accumulated extracellular matrix and the gene-expression analysis revealed marked interindividual differences, nevertheless the chondrogenic process was optimally supported in high-density pellet setup at ambient or 15% oxygen concentrations, irrespective of the origin of cells. The histochemical analysis based on alcian blue staining demonstrated that the differentiation took place in a gradient-like fashion, displaying highest levels in restricted regions, most often adjacent to the periphery. The two lowest hypoxic conditions, at 5 and 1% oxygen, seemed to have an inhibitory effect. CONCLUSION: The micropellet cultures at ambient or 15% oxygen concentration provided the most suitable environment for inducing chondrogenesis in ASCs. Furthermore, in light of the fact that the induction appeared in a zone-dependent manner, this format lends itself as a suitable model for further analysis of the relationship between chondrogenic differentiation and the gradient of nutrients. 
This study was designed to analyse the reliability of using urinary and blood trichloroacetic acid (TCAA) as a biomarker of exposure. A total of 46 healthy women consumed supplied TCAA-containing tap water for 15 days and provided urine and blood samples for TCAA measurements. The findings revealed that the reliability of measurements was excellent by using measures of TCAA ingestion, blood concentration and urinary excretion (intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) > 0.75, p < 0.001). Volume of tap water consumption (ICC = 0.69) and creatinine-adjusted urinary concentration (ICC = 0.72) were less reliable. This indicated that the intraindividual variability was small and the interindividual reliability was high by using these measures in this cohort study. Laboratory variability did not significantly contribute to total variance (ICC > 0.95, p < 0.001). Other possible sources of variation such as bathing, showering, dishwashing and physical activities were unlikely to contribute significantly to total variance. For sampling strategies, 1-day blood sampling and 2-day urine sampling are sufficient to achieve reliability for an epidemiological study if a quasi-steady-state TCAA level in the body is reached. The results suggest that TCAA ingestion, TCAA loading in blood and urinary TCAA excretion are reliable measures for use as biomarkers in epidemiological studies.
BACKGROUND: Platelet activating factor (PAF), a pro-inflammatory phospholipid, stimulates cytokine secretion from polymorphonuclear leukocytes expressing the transmembrane G-protein coupled PAF receptor. Elevated PAF levels are associated with acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and sepsis severity. The pro-inflammatory effects of PAF are terminated by PAF acetylhydrolase (PAF-AH). OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine whether allelic variants in the human PAFAH gene (Arg92His, Ile198Thr, and Ala379Val) contribute to variability in PAF-AH activity in patient plasma obtained within 72 h of ARDS diagnosis. RESULTS: Plasma PAF-AH activity (mean +/- SD) was higher in patients homozygous for the Arg92 allele compared to His92 allele carriers (2.21 +/- 0.77 vs. 1.64 +/- 0.68 U/min; P < 0.01; n = 31 and 21 respectively). Baseline plasma PAF-AH activity was higher among day 7 survivors vs. day 7 non-survivors (2.05 +/- 0.75 vs. 1.27 +/- 0.63, P = 0.05). CONCLUSION: These data demonstrate an association between PAF-AH allelic variation, plasma activity, and outcome in ARDS. 
Pittsburgh compound B or [11C]PIB is an amyloid imaging agent which shows a clear differentiation between subjects with Alzheimer's disease (AD) and controls. However the observed signal difference in other forms of dementia such as dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) is smaller, and mild cognitively impaired (MCI) subjects and some healthy elderly normals may show intermediate levels of [11C]PIB binding. The cerebellum, a commonly used reference region for non-specific tracer uptake in [11C]PIB studies in AD may not be valid in Prion disorders or monogenic forms of AD. The aim of this work was to: 1-compare methods for generating parametric maps of [11C]PIB retention in tissue using a plasma input function in respect of their ability to discriminate between AD subjects and controls and 2-estimate the test-retest reproducibility in AD subjects. 12 AD subjects (5 of which underwent a repeat scan within 6 weeks) and 10 control subjects had 90 minute [11C]PIB dynamic PET scans, and arterial plasma input functions were measured. Parametric maps were generated with graphical analysis of reversible binding (Logan plot), irreversible binding (Patlak plot), and spectral analysis. Between group differentiation was calculated using Student's t-test and comparisons between different methods were made using p values. Reproducibility was assessed by intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC). We found that the 75 min value of the impulse response function showed the best group differentiation and had a higher ICC than volume of distribution maps generated from Logan and spectral analysis. Patlak analysis of [11C]PIB binding was the least reproducible.
The variability in frequency of allogeneic blood transfusion during coronary artery bypass surgery (CABG) is a concern. Evidence-based guidelines support minimizing the use of blood during open heart surgery. The Hospital Clinical Services Group quality indicator database was queried for intraoperative red blood cell (RBC) transfusions in 17 252 isolated CABG surgery cases during 2007. Institutional variability was observed in the frequency of intraoperative RBC transfusion rates, which ranged from 0% to 85.7%. The institution mean RBC transfusion rate was 40.8%. Regional geographic and cardiac program size variations were observed in RBC transfusion rates and volume with significant variation. Notable institutional variability persists with respect to intraoperative RBC transfusion in isolated CABG surgery despite clear evidence and guidelines to support techniques to minimize RBC transfusion. Such results support the hypothesis that incorporating evidence-based transfusion-related practices in open heart surgery are not uniformly adopted.
AIM: The aim of this study was to determine the reproducibility of same session repeated urodynamic measurements in women with symptoms of urinary incontinence. METHODS: Women presenting with symptoms of urinary incontinence underwent standardized urodynamic examination, which consisted of free uroflowmetry and two filling cystometries and pressure-flow studies. Intra-class Correlation Coefficient (ICC) and McNemar tests were used to describe the same session reproducibility. RESULTS: Two evaluable urodynamic tests were available in 152 patients. Overall, reproducibility of the urodynamic parameters were good to excellent (ICC range: 0.72-0.93), except for the bladder volume at first sensation of bladder filling (ICC = 0.46) and the maximum Watt's factor (ICC = 0.68). The bladder volume at first sensation and the maximum cystometric capacity were systematically higher in the second run (mean difference (95% CI) = -45 (-73; -37) and -3 (-15; 10), respectively). Reproducibility of the diagnosis stress urinary incontinence and/or detrusor overactivity were good to excellent (median ICC = 0.76, P = 0.68 and P = 1.00, respectively). Reproducibility of the volume and amplitude at involuntary detrusor contractions, however, were only poor (ICC = 0.18 and 0.25, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The reproducibility of same session repeated urodynamic measurements in women with symptoms of urinary incontinence was good to excellent. Our results provide the scientific support for guidelines that recommend the omission of repeated filling cystometries and pressure-flow studies in cases where the first test confirms the pathology expected. 
PURPOSE: To assess tobacco, alcohol, cannabis and benzodiazepine use in methadone maintenance treatment (MMT) as potential sources of variability in methadone pharmacokinetics. METHODS: Trough plasma (R)- and (S)-methadone concentrations were measured on 77 Australian and 74 Swiss MMT patients with no additional medications other than benzodiazepines. Simple and multiple regression analyses were performed for the primary metric, plasma methadone concentration/dose. RESULTS: Cannabis and methadone dose were significantly associated with lower 24-h plasma (R)- and (S)-methadone concentrations/dose. The models containing these variables explained 14-16% and 17-25% of the variation in (R)- and (S)-methadone concentration/dose, respectively. Analysis of 61 patients using only CYP3A4 metabolised benzodiazepines showed this class to be associated with higher (R)-concentration/dose, which is consistent with a potential competitive inhibition of CYP3A4. CONCLUSION: Cannabis use and higher methadone doses in MMT could in part be a response to-or a cause of-more rapid methadone clearance. The effects of cannabis and benzodiazepines should be controlled for in future studies on methadone pharmacokinetics in MMT. 
Studying the causes and correlates of natural variation in gene expression in healthy populations assumes that individual differences in gene expression can be reliably and stably assessed across time. However, this is yet to be established. We examined 4-hour test-retest reliability and 10 month test-retest stability of individual differences in gene expression in ten 12-year-old children. Blood was collected on four occasions: 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. on Day 1 and 10 months later at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. Total RNA was hybridized to Affymetrix-U133 plus 2.0 arrays. For each probeset, the correlation across individuals between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. on Day 1 estimates test-retest reliability. We identified 3,414 variable and abundantly expressed probesets whose 4-hour test-retest reliability exceeded .70, a conventionally accepted level of reliability, which we had 80% power to detect. Of the 3,414 reliable probesets, 1,752 were also significantly reliable 10 months later. We assessed the long-term stability of individual differences in gene expression by correlating the average expression level for each probe-set across the two 4-hour assessments on Day 1 with the average level of each probe-set across the two 4-hour assessments 10 months later. 1,291 (73.7%) of the 1,752 probe-sets that reliably detected individual differences across 4 hours on two occasions, 10 months apart, also stably detected individual differences across 10 months. Heritability, as estimated from the MZ twin intraclass correlations, is twice as high for the 1,752 reliable probesets versus all present probesets on the array (0.68 vs 0.34), and is even higher (0.76) for the 1,291 reliable probesets that are also stable across 10 months. The 1,291 probesets that reliably detect individual differences from a single peripheral blood collection and stably detect individual differences over 10 months are promising targets for research on the causes (e.g., eQTLs) and correlates (e.g., psychopathology) of individual differences in gene expression.
PURPOSE: To determine if adjusting for blood vessel (BV) location can decrease the intersubject variability of retinal nerve fiber layer (RNFL) thickness measured with optical coherence tomography (OCT). SUBJECTS AND METHODS: One eye of 50 individuals with normal vision was tested with OCT and scanning laser polarimetry (SLP). The SLP and OCT RNFL thickness profiles were determined for a peripapillary circle 3.4 mm in diameter. The midpoints between the superior temporal vein and artery (STva) and the inferior temporal vein and artery (ITva) were determined at the location where the vessels cross the 3.4 mm circle. The average OCT and SLP RNFL thicknesses for quadrants and arcuate sectors of the lower and upper optic disc were obtained before and after adjusting for BV location. This adjustment was carried out by shifting the RNFL profiles based upon the locations of the STva and ITva relative to the mean locations of all 50 individuals. RESULTS: Blood vessel locations ranged over 39 (STva) and 33 degrees (ITva) for the 50 eyes. The location of the leading edge of the OCT and SLP profiles was correlated with the location of the BVs for both the superior [r=0.72 (OCT) and 0.72 (SLP)] and inferior [r=0.34 and 0.43] temporal vessels. However, the variability in the OCT and SLP thickness measurements showed little change due to shifting. After shifting, the difference in the coefficient of variation ranged from -2.1% (shifted less variable) to +1.7% (unshifted less variable). CONCLUSIONS: The shape of the OCT and SLP RNFL profiles varied systematically with the location of the superior and inferior superior veins and arteries. However, adjusting for the location of these major temporal BVs did not decrease the variability for measures of OCT or SLP RNFL thickness. 
Elevated testosterone levels can lower condition and increase parasites. We analysed testosterone in 84 blood samples of wild European badgers Meles meles collected at regular intervals (winter = mating season; spring = end of mating season; summer = minor mating peak; autumn = reproductive quiescence), and related variation to body condition, subcaudal gland secretion, parasite burden, and bite wounding. All males showed elevated levels in winter and low levels in autumn. In neither season did testosterone correlate with fitness-related parameters. However, two different endocrinological phenotypes existed in spring and summer. Whilst some males lowered their testosterone to levels comparable to autumnal quiescence (Type 1), others maintained elevated levels comparable to those during winter (Type 2). In spring and summer high levels were correlated with lower body condition and increased parasite burden, and Type 2 males tended to suffer higher mortality rates than Type 1. No animals older than 6 years adopted phenotype 2, indicating that males either switch phenotypes with age or that Type 2 results in lower life expectancy, evidencing the costs of male reproduction in badgers.
OBJECTIVE: Characterization of peripheral leukocytes is an important aspect of monitoring the effect of immunotherapeutic interventions in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). We analyzed cell surface markers commonly used to assess patients with SLE, focusing on the effect of holding blood prior to processing/analysis and the relative reliability of the measurements that were conducted. METHODS: Healthy volunteers (HV; n = 20) and patients with SLE (n = 42) were studied. Whole blood was collected for flow cytometric analysis on days 1, 8, 15, 105, 195, 285, and 375 and held overnight for analysis. A subset of samples was additionally analyzed on the day of collection. RESULTS: Variability arising from overnight storage of whole blood was found to be within 20% for most lymphocyte subsets. There was greater between rather than within subject variability over a 1-year period. As anticipated, the data showed higher CD38 and lower CD19 densities on B cells from patients with SLE compared to HV. Although a higher percentage of cells with markers of plasmablasts/cells were observed in the blood of patients with SLE relative to HV, these measurements were found to be among the least reliable (i.e., most variable). CONCLUSIONS: This study provides technical perspectives for those conducting immunophenotypic analyses of B-cells in patients with SLE. We envision that our data, which addresses sample stability issues and presents a method to describe the relative reliability of one measure over another, holds value for clinical assessments of B-cells in SLE and the evaluation of investigational agents designed to modify the B-cell compartment. 
PURPOSE: We verified if the measure of transition zone epithelial volume (TZepiV) could be a valid predictor of serum PSA value in men with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Between January 2005 and July 2008, a total of 90 patients undergoing transvesical suprapubic adenomectomy for sintomatic BPH were enrolled. In case of an elevated PSA level (above 4 ng/ml) or abnormal digital rectal examination, systematic multisite biopsies were performed preoperatively to rule out prostate cancer. We have examined PSA levels before and after open surgery, TZ weight as measured by the pathologist and TZepiV by multiplying percentage of epithelium of a single biopsy core with the weight of adenoma. Means, Spearman correlation coefficients and percent change were calculated for all variables and intervals. RESULTS: The mean serum PSA decreased from 4.8 ng/ml preoperatively to 0.5 ng/ml postoperatively. The mean decrease in PSA was 90% (range 70-99%).The mean weight of enucleated adenoma was 67 gr.(range 18-201) and the TZepiV was 7.7 ml (0.3-28.4). Overall, both TZ volume and TZepiV were correlated to PSA value with TZepiV representing the most predictive variable for PSA (r = 0.54 P = 0.002 vs. r = 0.26 P = 0.02). When we analyzed different ranges of PSA values, only TZepiV was always significantly proportional to PSA. CONCLUSIONS: Ninety percentage of serum PSA level comes from TZ in range of 0.01-0.17 ng/ml/gr. In presence of equal BPH volumes, the amount of epithelium can be different and it is the main determinant in PSA increase. Thus, TZ epithelial volume could represent a new useful clinical tool able to increase the specificity of PSA in the diagnosis of prostate cancer. 
AIMS: We used data from the General Longitudinal Overactive Bladder Evaluation (GLOBE) to understand predictors of variation in urgency and urinary incontinence (UI) symptoms over time. METHODS: A random sample of Geisinger Clinic primary care patients (men and women) 40+ years of age were recruited for a survey of bladder control symptoms at baseline and 12 months later. Symptom questions used a 4-week recall period. Composite scores were derived for urgency and UI frequency. Logistic regression was used to evaluate predictors of variation in scores at cross-section and longitudinally. RESULTS: A majority of those with UI symptoms and almost 40% of those with urgency symptoms reported episodes of once a week or less often; 17% had symptoms a few times a week or more often. Twenty-one percent with urgency symptoms and 25% with UI symptoms at baseline did not have active symptoms 12 months later. The strongest predictors of active symptoms at follow-up were baseline symptom score and duration of time since first onset of symptoms. Of those with no urgency symptoms at baseline, 22% had urgency at 12 months. Among those with no UI symptoms at baseline, 13% had UI symptoms 12 months later. Among the latter, age (males only) and BMI were the strongest predictors of symptoms at follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: Inter-individual and intra-individual occurrences of urgency and UI symptoms are highly variable in the general population. Use of established predictors to select individuals with less variability in symptoms may help to reduce placebo rates in clinical trials. 
PURPOSE: We report intra-individual variability, related factors and the normal reference value of post-void residual urine in children. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Healthy kindergarteners were enrolled for the evaluation of post-void residual urine, which was assessed by ultrasound within 5 minutes after voiding when voided volume was greater than 50 ml. Bladder over distention was arbitrarily defined as a bladder capacity (voided volume plus post-void residual urine) of 115% or greater of expected bladder capacity. The Pearson correlation method was used to evaluate the correlation between post-void residual urine and related factors. RESULTS: More than 1 post-void residual urine value was recorded in 219 children with a mean +/- SD age of 4.9 +/- 0.9 years. Mean post-void residual urine was 12.2 +/- 20.3 ml (median 5.5). The correlation for consecutive post-void residual urine was low in all children and negligible in the 129 without bladder over distention (r = 0.34 and 0.13, respectively). Repeat post-void residual urine greater than 20 ml and greater than 10% bladder capacity was observed in 2.3% and 7.8% of children, respectively, without bladder over distention. Post-void residual urine increased as bladder capacity increased (r = 0.38, p <0.01). Excluding those with bladder over distention, post-void residual urine decreased as the age of the child increased. Children who drank more fluids before voiding had a higher rate of bladder over distention for each micturition than those who drank regularly (13.8% vs 4.9%, p = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Because of the significant intra-individual variability of post-void residual urine, a single post-void residual urine test is not reliable for assessing pediatric voiding function. Two post-void residual urine tests are recommended. Post-void residual urine is affected by bladder over distention, age of the child and possibly extra hydration before assessment. Abnormal post-void residual urine could be defined as post-void residual urine greater than 20 ml, rather than as greater than 10% bladder capacity, on repeat micturitions without bladder over distention. 
Serum cardiac troponin-I has been validated as a biomarker for cardiotoxicity in numerous animal models; however, baseline reference ranges for cTnI concentration in a healthy population of laboratory rats, as well as an investigation of biological cTnI variability in rats with respect to time, handling, and placebo dosing methods, have not been reported. In this study, we used an ultrasensitive cTnI immunoassay to quantify hourly concentrations of cTnI in live rats handled under standard laboratory conditions using 15 microL of serum per determination. The baseline reference range (mean 4.94 pg/mL, range 1-15 pg/mL, 99% confidence interval [CI]) of cTnI concentration in rats was consistent with previously reported reference ranges for cTnI in humans (1-12 pg/mL) and with preliminary studies in dogs (1-4 pg/mL) and monkeys (4-5 pg/mL) using the same cTnI assay method. In addition, cTnI concentrations in individual rat serum samples show minimal biological variability over a twenty-four-hour interval when compared to a meaningful reference change value of 193% to 206%. Furthermore, measurements of cTnI concentration were consistent within the reference limits in individual rats over long periods and under three different standard laboratory handling conditions. Thus, using this new method, rats can be followed longitudinally at hourly intervals, and a doubling of cTnI concentration would be significant above biological variability. This is a new paradigm for preclinical testing, which allows transient changes in cTnI concentration to be accurately quantified. This understanding of baseline and biological variability in rats will be fundamental for designing and analyzing future studies that assess potential cardiotoxicity in drug development.
The efficiency and interindividual variability in bioactivation of prasugrel and clopidogrel were quantitatively compared and the mechanisms involved were elucidated using 20 individual human liver microsomes. Prasugrel and clopidogrel are converted to their thiol-containing active metabolites through corresponding thiolactone metabolites. The formation rate of clopidogrel active metabolite was much lower and more variable [0.164 + or - 0.196 microl/min/mg protein, coefficient of variation (CV) = 120%] compared with the formation of prasugrel active metabolite (8.68 + or - 6.64 microl/min/mg protein, CV = 76%). This result was most likely attributable to the less efficient and less consistent formation of clopidogrel thiolactone metabolite (2.24 + or - 1.00 microl/min/mg protein, CV = 45%) compared with the formation of prasugrel thiolactone metabolite (55.2 + or - 15.4 microl/min/mg protein, CV = 28%). These differences may be attributed to the following factors. Clopidogrel was largely hydrolyzed to an inactive acid metabolite (approximately 90% of total metabolites analyzed), and the clopidogrel concentrations consumed were correlated to human carboxylesterase 1 activity in each source of liver microsomes. In addition, 48% of the clopidogrel thiolactone metabolite formed was converted to an inactive thiolactone acid metabolite. The oxidation of clopidogrel to its thiolactone metabolite correlated with variable activities of CYP1A2, CYP2B6, and CYP2C19. In conclusion, the active metabolite of clopidogrel was formed with less efficiency and higher variability than that of prasugrel. This difference in thiolactone formation was attributed to hydrolysis of clopidogrel and its thiolactone metabolite to inactive acid metabolites and to variability in cytochrome P450-mediated oxidation of clopidogrel to its thiolactone metabolite, which may contribute to the poorer and more variable active metabolite formation for clopidogrel than prasugrel.
Urinary mono-hydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAHs) are commonly used in biomonitoring to assess exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). Similar to other biologically non-persistent chemicals, OH-PAHs have relatively short biological half-lives (4.4-35 h). Little information is available on their variability in urinary concentrations over time in non-occupationally exposed subjects. This study was designed to (i) examine the variability of nine urinary OH-PAH metabolite concentrations over time and (ii) calculate sample size requirements for future epidemiological studies on the basis of spot urine, first-morning void, and 24-h void sampling. Individual urine samples (n=427) were collected during 1 week from 8 non-occupationally exposed adults. We recorded the time and volume of each urine excretion, dietary details, and driving activities of the participants. Within subjects, the coefficients of variation (CVs) for the wet-weight concentration of OH-PAHs in all samples ranged from 45% to 297%; creatinine adjustment reduced the CV to 19-288% (P<0.001; paired t-test). The simulated 24-h void concentrations were the least variable measure, with CVs ranging from 13% to 182% for the 9 OH-PAHs. Within-day variability contributed on average 84%, and between-day variability accounted for 16% of the total variance of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-PYR). Intraclass correlation coefficients of 1-PYR levels were 0.55 for spot urine samples, 0.65 [corrected] for first-morning voids, and 0.77 [corrected] for 24-h voids, indicating a high degree of correlation between urine measurements collected from the same subject over time. Sample size calculations were performed to estimate the number of subjects required for detecting differences in the geometric mean at a statistical power of 80% for spot urine, first-morning, and 24-h void sampling. These data will aid in the design of future studies of PAHs and possibly other biologically non-persistent chemicals and in the interpretation of their analytical results.
BACKGROUND: Guidelines for red blood cell (RBC) transfusions exist; however, transfusion practices vary among centers. This study aimed to analyze transfusion practices and the impact of patients and institutional characteristics on the indications of RBC transfusions in preterm infants. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: RBC transfusion practices were investigated in a multicenter prospective cohort of preterm infants with a birth weight of less than 1500 g born at eight public university neonatal intensive care units of the Brazilian Network on Neonatal Research. Variables associated with any RBC transfusions were analyzed by logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: Of 952 very-low-birth-weight infants, 532 (55.9%) received at least one RBC transfusion. The percentages of transfused neonates were 48.9, 54.5, 56.0, 61.2, 56.3, 47.8, 75.4, and 44.7%, respectively, for Centers 1 through 8. The number of transfusions during the first 28 days of life was higher in Center 4 and 7 than in other centers. After 28 days, the number of transfusions decreased, except for Center 7. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed higher likelihood of transfusion in infants with late onset sepsis (odds ratio [OR], 2.8; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.8-4.4), intraventricular hemorrhage (OR, 9.4; 95% CI, 3.3-26.8), intubation at birth (OR, 1.7; 95% CI, 1.0-2.8), need for umbilical catheter (OR, 2.4; 95% CI, 1.3-4.4), days on mechanical ventilation (OR, 1.1; 95% CI, 1.0-1.2), oxygen therapy (OR, 1.1; 95% CI, 1.0-1.1), parenteral nutrition (OR, 1.1; 95% CI, 1.0-1.1), and birth center (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The need of RBC transfusions in very-low-birth-weight preterm infants was associated with clinical conditions and birth center. The distribution of the number of transfusions during hospital stay may be used as a measure of neonatal care quality. 
INTRODUCTION: C-peptide measurement in blood or 24-h urine samples provides useful information regarding endogenous insulin secretion, but problems related to the rapid degradation of C-peptide in blood and difficulty of 24-h urine collection have limited widespread routine clinical use of this test. We assessed the feasibility of measuring urinary C-peptide (UCP) with correction for creatinine concentration in single urine samples. METHODS: We analyzed UCP using a routine electrochemiluminescence immunoassay in samples from 21 healthy volunteers. We investigated the stability of UCP with different preservatives and storage conditions and compared the reproducibility of urinary C-peptide/creatinine ratio (UCPCR) in first- and second-void fasting urines, then assessed correlations with 24-h collections. RESULTS: UCPCR was unchanged at room temperature for 24 h and at 4 degrees C for 72 h even in the absence of preservative. UCPCR collected in boric acid was stable at room temperature for 72 h. UCPCR remained stable after 7 freeze-thaw cycles but decreased with freezer storage time and dropped to 82%-84% of baseline by 90 days at -20 degrees C. Second-void fasting UCPCRs were lower than first-void (median 0.78 vs 1.31, P = 0.0003) and showed less variation (CV 33% vs 52%), as second-void UCPCRs were not influenced by evening food-related insulin secretion. Second-void fasting UCPCR was highly correlated with 24-h UCP (r = 0.8, P = 0.00006). CONCLUSIONS: Second-void fasting UCPCR is a reproducible measure that correlates well with 24-h UCP in normal samples. The 3-day stability of UCPCR at room temperature greatly increases its potential clinical utility. 
The IgE specific Fc-epsilon receptor test is widely used for serological evaluation of allergic canine patients. Aim of the study was to evaluate intra- and interlaboratory variability in three independent laboratories. Duplicate serum aliquots from 15 atopic dogs were submitted simultaneously to 3 laboratories (LA, LB, LC), which subsequently performed the test in a blinded fashion. LA and LC analysed sera for 35 allergens and expressed the results as optical density units (OD), while LB analysed 15 allergens and provided reaction grades (RG). Results were compared with three factorial ANOVA. Intralaboratory variability was evaluated by calculating the dispersion factor for data of LA and LC and standard deviation (SD) for LB. Correlation coefficients (r) were used to evaluate interlaboratory variability. Depending on the allergens, intralaboratory dispersion factor for LA and LC varied from 1.15 to 6.63 and 1.19 to 6.17, respectively. In LB the SD varied between 0 and 0.6 RG. Regarding interlaboratory variability, correlation of OD values between LA and LC was excellent (r>0.8, p<0.001) for 13 of 35 allergens. There was a significant difference in OD results for 9 allergens. The results were significantly correlated (r>0.8, p<0.001) for all except 3 allergens (Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus, mixed grasses, nettle). As far as negative/positive results were concerned, intralaboratory differences were 3.14% and interlaboratory differences were 4.76%.
OBJECTIVES: We conducted a pilot study to estimate the biological variability and effects of a prior meal on the omega-3 fatty acid (FA) content of 3 blood FA pools. DESIGN AND METHODS: We measured FA levels in red blood cells (RBCs), plasma and plasma phospholipids (PL) obtained from 20 healthy volunteers tested weekly over 6 weeks. RESULTS: The within-subject coefficients of variation were 4.1%+/-1.9%, 15.9%+/-6.4%, and 14.5%+/-8.4%, respectively (RBC vs. others, p<0.001). RBC omega-3 FA content had the lowest biological variability and was not altered in the fed state. CONCLUSIONS: From the perspective of variability and of the sample types tested, RBCs may be the preferred sample type for assessing omega-3 FA status. 
To explain the underlying causes of apparently stochastic disease, current research is focusing on systems biology approaches wherein individual genetic makeup and specific 'gene-environment' interactions are considered. This is an extraordinarily complex task because both the environmental exposure profiles and the specific genetic susceptibilities presumably have large variance components. In this article, the focus is on the initial steps along the path to disease outcome namely environmental uptake, biologically available dose, and preclinical effect. The general approach is to articulate a conceptual model and identify biomarker measurements that could populate the model with hard data. Between-subject variance components from different exposure studies are used to estimate the source and magnitude of the variability of biomarker measurements. The intent is to determine the relative effects of different biological media (breath or blood), environmental compounds and their metabolites, different concentration levels, and levels of environmental exposure control. Examples are drawn from three distinct exposure biomarker studies performed by the US Environmental Protection Agency that studied aliphatic and aromatic hydrocarbons, trichloroethylene and methyl tertiary butyl ether. All results are based on empirical biomarker measurements of breath and blood from human subjects; biological specimens were collected under appropriate Institutional Review Board protocols with informed consent of the subjects. The ultimate goal of this work is to develop a framework for eventually assessing the total susceptibility ranges along the toxicological pathway from exposure to effect. The investigation showed that exposures are a greater contributor to biomarker variance than are internal biological parameters.
Analytical and biological variability are issues of central importance to human metabolomics studies. Here both types of variation are examined in human plasma and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) using a global liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (LC/MS) metabolomics strategy. The platform shows small analytical variation with a median coefficient of variation (CV) of 15-16% for both plasma and CSF sample matrixes when the integrated area of each peak in the mass spectra is considered. Analysis of biological variation shows that human CSF has a median CV of 35% and plasma has a median CV of 46%. To understand the difference in CV between the biofluids, we compared plasma and CSF independently obtained from different healthy humans. Additionally, we analyzed another group of patients from whom we compared matched CSF and plasma (plasma and CSF obtained from the same human subject). A similar number of features was observed in both biofluids, although the majority of features appeared with greater intensity in plasma. More than a dozen metabolites shared between the human CSF and plasma metabolomes were identified based on accurate mass measurements, retention times, and MS/MS spectra. The fold change in these metabolites was consistent with the median biological CV determined for all peaks. The measured median biological CV together with analysis of intragroup variation of healthy individuals suggests that fold changes above 2 in metabolomics studies investigating plasma or CSF are statistically relevant with respect to the inherent variability of a healthy control group. These data demonstrate the reproducibility of the global metabolomics platform using LC/MS and reveal the robustness of the approach for biomarker discovery.
PURPOSE: We determined the reliability of real-time ultrasound for detecting involuntary or reflex pelvic floor muscle contraction. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 118 women with the symptomatic and urodynamic evidence of stress urinary incontinence were recruited in a 3-year period from tertiary referral urogynecology clinics. Under the oral instruction of strong coughing involuntary pelvic floor muscle contraction was detected using introital ultrasound in real-time and cine loop modes. Two dynamic imaging features were considered involuntary pelvic floor muscle contraction, including an inward clitoral motion and a superior-anterior anorectal lift before or during coughing. RESULTS: Real-time ultrasound had good reliability to detect involuntary pelvic floor muscle contraction. For interobserver and intra-observer reliability Cohen's kappa was 0.645 to 0.679. Of the 118 women real-time ultrasound before or during coughing showed an inward clitoral motion in 100 (93%) and an anorectal lift in 108 (92%). Neither type of contraction during coughing was identified in 2 women. Although the 2 contraction patterns were synchronized in 88% of women, for this synchronization kappa was only 0.159, indicating poor coordination between these 2 involuntary activities. CONCLUSIONS: Real-time ultrasound is a reliable tool for detecting involuntary pelvic floor muscle contraction. 
UNLABELLED: We conducted a study to characterize the variability in the upper limit of normal (ULN) for alanine aminotransferase (ALT) across different laboratories (labs) in Indiana and to understand factors leading to such variability. A survey was mailed to all eligible labs (n = 108) in Indiana, and the response rate was 62%. The survey queried for ALT ULN, the type of chemical analyzer used, five College of American Pathologists (CAP) sample results, and methods used to establish the reference interval. There was a wide variability in the ALT ULN for both men and women. Eighty-five percent of labs used chemical analyzers belonging to one of the four brands. For all five CAP samples, there was a statistically significant difference in ALT values measured by different analyzers (P < 0.0001), but these differences were not clinically significant. The majority of labs used the manufacturers' recommendations for establishing their ALT ULN rather than in-house healthy volunteer testing (only 17%). When healthy volunteers were tested, the process for testing was haphazard in terms of the number of individuals tested, frequency of testing, and criteria for choosing the reference population. After controlling for chemical analyzer type, there was no significant relationship between ALT ULN values and the method used for its establishment. CONCLUSION: Wide variability in ALT ULN across different labs is more likely due to variable reference intervals of different chemical analyzers. It may be possible to minimize variability in ALT ULN by (1) each lab solely following the manufacturers' recommendations and (2) manufacturers of different analyzers following consistent and rigorous methodology in establishing the reference range. Alternatively, studies should be undertaken to identify outcome-based reference intervals for ALT. 
INTRODUCTION: CRTH2 is expressed on the surface of eosinophils and has been shown to mediate PGD2-induced eosinophil migration in vitro. Eosinophilic infiltration in the upper and lower airways is the key feature of asthma. Considering the fact that eosinophil infiltration is prominent in the upper and lower airways of aspirin exacerbated respiratory disease (AERD) compared to aspirin-tolerant asthma (ATA) patients, we hypothesized that activation of eosinophils via dysregulation of the CRTH2 gene may play an important role and be an important marker for AERD. METHODS: The three study groups - 107 with AERD, 115 with ATA and 133 normal healthy controls (NC) - were recruited from Ajou University Hospital, South Korea. Two polymorphisms of the CRTH2 gene at -466T>C and -129C>A were genotyped using primer extension methods. RESULTS: AERD patients had significantly higher serum eotaxin-2 levels than did those with ATA (P = 0.034). A significant difference in the genotype frequencies of CRTH2 -466T>C was detected between AERD and ATA patients (P < 0.05). The serum eotaxin-2 level was significantly higher in AERD patients carrying the TT genotype of CRTH2 -466T>C than those with the CT and CC (P < 0.05). In vitro functional study demonstrated that the -466T allele had lower luciferase activity (P < 0.001) and lower mRNA expression with higher production of eotaxin-2 (P = 0.003) in human lung epithelial cells. EMSA showed that CRTH2 -466T produced a specific band with a higher affinity than CRTH2 -466C had. CONCLUSION: The CRTH2 -466T>C polymorphism increases serum and cellular eotaxin-2 production through lowered CRTH2 expression, leading to eosinophilic infiltration in AERD patients. 
Venous occlusion plethysmography (VOP) is a valid non-invasive method to assess peripheral blood flow (BF) in humans. Our aim was to determine intra- and inter-tester reproducibility of BF analysis using a traditional manual method and a novel system, based on a semi-automatic approach. Ten healthy subjects and ten subjects with chronic heart failure (CHF) were evaluated. Blood flow was measured on the forearm at baseline and after 5 min of circulatory occlusion (reactive hyperemia (RH)). Two testers independently and blindly analyzed each VOP recording. Both methods were highly reproducible intra- and inter-testers. In addition, there was a high association between the methods, since the intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) for healthy subjects were 0.99, 0.99 and 0.99, and the coefficients of variation (CVs) were 1.8, 2.4 and 1.6% for baseline, RH peak and RH area under the curve, respectively. For CHF subjects, the ICCs were 0.99, 0.98 and 0.99, and the CVs were 2.9, 3.6 and 2.0%. In addition, the time spent on the semi-automatic analyses was shorter (p < 0.05). In conclusion, both methods demonstrated high intra- and inter-tester reproducibility for baseline and RH BF analysis. However, since the semi-automatic method was faster to generate the results, the present study supports its usage for the analysis of BF measured by VOP.
BACKGROUND: Equine infectious anemia virus (EIAV), a lentivirus that infects horses, has been utilized as an animal model for the study of HIV. Furthermore, the disease associated with the equine lentivirus poses a significant challenge to veterinary medicine around the world. As with all lentiviruses, EIAV has been shown to have a high propensity for genomic sequence and antigenic variation, especially in its envelope (Env) proteins. Recent studies have demonstrated Env variation to be a major determinant of vaccine efficacy, emphasizing the importance of defining natural variation among field isolates of EIAV. To date, however, published EIAV sequences have been reported only for cell-adapted strains of virus, predominantly derived from a single primary virus isolate, EIAVWyoming (EIAVWY). RESULTS: We present here the first characterization of the Env protein of a natural primary isolate from Pennsylvania (EIAVPA) since the widely utilized and referenced EIAVWY strain. The data demonstrated that the level of EIAVPA Env amino acid sequence variation, approximately 40% as compared to EIAVWY, is much greater than current perceptions or published reports of natural EIAV variation between field isolates. This variation did not appear to give rise to changes in the predicted secondary structure of the proteins. While the EIAVPA Env was serologically cross reactive with the Env proteins of the cell-adapted reference strain, EIAVPV (derivative of EIAVWY), the two variant Envs were shown to lack any cross neutralization by immune serum from horses infected with the respective virus strains. CONCLUSION: Taking into account the significance of serum neutralization to universal vaccine efficacy, these findings are crucial considerations towards successful EIAV vaccine development and the potential inclusion of field isolate Envs in vaccine candidates. 
Endogenous estrogens play an integral role in the etiology of breast, endometrial, and, possibly, ovarian cancers. Estrogen metabolism yields products that are potentially both estrogenic and genotoxic, yet individual metabolic patterns are just beginning to be explored in epidemiologic studies. Within the Nurses' Health Study II, we examined reproducibility of 15 urinary estrogens and estrogen metabolites (EM) among 110 premenopausal women with three luteal-phase urine samples collected over 3 years. EM were measured by a recently developed high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS(2)) method with high sensitivity, specificity, and precision. We assessed Spearman correlations and intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) across the three samples. Correlations between urinary estrone or estradiol and EM were only modest (r = 0.1-0.5). The 2- and 4-hydroxylation pathways were highly correlated (r = 0.9) but weakly inversely correlated with the 16-hydroxylation pathway (r = -0.2). Within-woman reproducibility over time was fairly high for the three pathways, with ICCs ranging from 0.52 (16-hydroxylation pathway) to 0.72 (2-hydroxylation pathway). ICCs were similarly high for 2-catechols and the individual catechols (ICCs = 0.58-0.72). Individual and grouped methylated 2-catechols had fairly high ICCs (0.51-0.62), but methylated 4-catechols had low ICCs (0.14-0.27). These data indicate that, in general, urinary EM levels vary substantially among individuals compared with intraindividual variability. Within-person reproducibility over time for most EM measures is comparable to or better than that for well-vetted biomarkers such as plasma cholesterol and, in postmenopausal women, estradiol.
Blood levels of cyto- and chemokines might reflect immune deregulations which might be related to lymphomagenesis. Potential utility of stored blood samples of a prospective cohort was evaluated by the effect of different blood sample types and freeze-thaw cycles on analyte levels. Bead-based immunoassays were performed on two fresh samples (serum, citrate and heparin plasma) of 10 asymptomatic adults collected 14 days apart and on aliquots of the first samples which were put through one to three freeze-thaw cycles to measure 11 cytokines, four chemokines and two adhesion molecules. Median coefficients of variation (CVs) of the measured analytes were 20%, 24% and 32% in serum, citrate and heparin plasma, respectively. Strong correlations (rank correlation coefficient 0.74-0.98) were observed between sample types, although small differences in analyte levels were observed for most analytes. Freeze-thaw cycles did not markedly change analyte levels. Our study supports the use of this assay among asymptomatic subjects in epidemiological studies.
OBJECTIVES: To identify the difference in autonomic nervous dysfunction activity in men between voiding symptom-predominant lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) and storage symptom-predominant LUTS. METHODS: A total of 39 men with LUTS (mean age 56.9 +/- 8.96 years) and 23 healthy men (mean age 57.0 +/- 1.76 years) were included in the present study. Seven questions numbered Q1 to Q7 in the order of appearance in International Prostate Symptom Score were divided into 2 clusters: one with Q1, Q3, Q5, and Q6 and the other with Q2, Q4, and Q7, representing voiding and storage symptoms, respectively. Patients were divided into either voiding symptom-predominant group, if mean voiding symptom score, defined as (Q1 + Q3 + Q5 + Q6)/4, is bigger than mean storage symptom score, defined as (Q2 +Q4 + Q7)/3, or storage symptom-predominant group otherwise. We measured and compared parameters of heart rate variability between men with LUTS and healthy normal subjects. We also compared heart rate variability of men between storage symptom-predominant LUTS and voiding symptom-predominant LUTS. RESULTS: On frequency domain analysis, there was evidence of decreased high frequency (HF) in patients with LUTS (P <.05). In comparison of autonomic nervous dysfunction activity in LUTS patients, men with voiding symptom-predominant LUTS had relatively increased ratio of low frequency and HF than what was observed in men with storage symptom-predominant LUTS. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with LUTS exhibited decreased HF indicated that they may have had some disease or imbalance in the autonomic nervous system, which may distinguish LUTS patients from healthy men. Also, patients with voiding symptom-predominant LUTS had relatively increased sympathetic activity than storage symptom-predominant LUTS patients. 
Sporadic intake and short half-lives of serum or urinary biomarkers may make serum and urinary isoflavones quite unreliable indicators of longer-term dietary soy intake. In 26 participants in the Adventist Health Study-2 (AHS-2) we obtained two measures of fasting morning serum isoflavones, 1-2 years apart. In another 76 subjects we obtained an overnight urine sample and six 24-h dietary recalls over a period encompassing the time of the urine sample. Intraclass correlations (ICC) values for serum isoflavones were 0.11 (log(daidzein)) and 0.28 (log(genistein)). Assuming that the correlation (true dietary intake, true urinary excretion) <0.90, it is shown that this implies an ICC for urinary estimates that exceeds 0.56. As expected, the previous day's soy intake, and its timing, influenced the next morning's serum levels. These results suggest that fasting morning serum isoflavone estimates will provide a poor index of long-term soy intake, but that overnight urinary estimates perform much better.
BACKGROUND: Guaiac-based faecal occult blood tests (g-FOBTs) are most commonly used in colorectal cancer (CRC) screening programmes. Faecal immunochemical tests (FITs) are thought to be superior. AIM: To compare performance of a g-FOBT and a quantitative FIT for detection of CRCs and advanced adenomas in a colonoscopy-controlled population. METHODS: We assessed sensitivity and specificity of both FIT (OC-sensor) and g-FOBT (Hemoccult-II) prior to patients' scheduled colonoscopies. RESULTS: Of the 62 invasive cancers detected in 1821 individuals, g-FOBT was positive in 46 and FIT in 54 (74.2% vs. 87.1%, P = 0.02). Among 194 patients with advanced adenomas, g-FOBT was positive in 35 and FIT in 69 (18.0% vs. 35.6%, P < 0.001). Sensitivity for screen relevant tumours (197 advanced adenomas and 28 stage I or II cancers) was 23.0% for g-FOBT and 40.5% for FIT (P < 0.001). Specificity of g-FOBT compared to FIT for the detection of cancer was 95.7% vs. 91.0%, P < 0.001) and for advanced adenomas (97.4% vs. 94.2%, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Faecal immunochemical test is more sensitive for CRC and advanced adenomas. Sensitivity of FIT for screen relevant tumours, early-stage cancers and advanced adenomas, is significantly higher. Specificity of g-FOBT is higher compared with FIT. 
In spite of comparatively high therapeutic concentrations in blood, the quantitation of propofol may cause analytical challenges due to its pharmacokinetic (e.g. short half life, high distribution volume) and physicochemical (significant volatility) particularities. Moreover, a considerable and concentration dependent protein binding and a substance association to erythrocytes result in an irreproducible distribution between whole blood and serum. A possible redistribution in stored samples needs to be compensated during sample preparation or included into the result interpretation. The new analytical approach is based on a formation of N-methylpyridinium derivatives of propofol and corresponding internal standards and permits a significant ( approximately 300 fold) increase of detection limits in LC-MS/MS. Derivatization is achieved by a direct conversion of the acetonitrile supernatant of a protein precipitation with 2-fluoro-1-methyl-pyridinium-p-toluene-sulfonate using triethylamine as catalyst. The derivative exhibits a high solvent stability and provides--in contrast to the unchanged parent compound--a sufficient number of diagnostic qualifier fragments to fulfil common identification criteria. By using 2-tert-butyl-6-methylphenol as internal standard (instead of the commonly applied thymol), a better compensation of matrix effects could be achieved. Owing to its high robustness, appropriate quantitation limits (LLOQ approximately 13 ng/mL), minimum sample amount and preparation effort, the assay could efficiently be applied for quantitative propofol analyses in pharmacokinetic studies with high sampling rates.
BACKGROUND: Preoperative autologous blood donation (PABD) and intraoperative blood salvage (IBS) represent established blood conservation measures. However, data comparing PABD to IBS are very sparse. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: We analyzed data from 1103 patients undergoing PABD and subsequent major orthopedic surgery in one center. We then used a validated model to compare PABD to IBS. We calculated maximal allowable blood losses (MABLs) for both IBS and PABD. We also identified criteria for efficacious use of either PABD or IBS. Our calculations were based on exclusive application of either technique, complete exhaustion of predeposited or salvaged blood, and one round of IBS. RESULTS: The vast majority of patients would have tolerated greater MABLs if subjected to IBS rather than PABD (425 of 432 with 1 PABD unit, 580 of 664 patients with 2 PABD units, 3 of 7 patients with 3 PABD units). For a few patients, however, our model demonstrated greater MABL with PABD than with IBS. These patients were characterized by 1) lower initial hematocrit (Hct), 2) recovery from PABD with return to baseline Hct or above by the time of surgery, and 3) longer time between first PABD and surgery. CONCLUSION: IBS appears to be the superior blood conservation technique if PABD cannot be performed under optimal conditions. Tolerable predonation anemia and sufficient time for regeneration appear to be crucial for post-PABD erythropoiesis. If these goals cannot be accomplished, PABD should be abandoned and be replaced by IBS. 
Laser Doppler fluxmetry (LDF) can non-invasively measure skin microvascular changes in response to acetylcholine (ACh), local heating of the skin and reactive hyperaemia following arterial occlusion. Various studies have used microvascular changes in response to these stimuli, especially ACh iontophoresis and local heating, as a surrogate marker of endothelial function. There are few data in the literature regarding the comparative reproducibility of microvascular perfusion changes induced by the three stimuli. The aim of this study was to systematically assess and compare the reproducibility of skin microcirculatory function in response to each of these challenges. Ten healthy non-smoking subjects (seven males) median age 36 years (range 23-46), with no history of hypertension, diabetes, coronary artery disease or any connective tissue disorder, were studied. Changes in skin microcirculation in response to ACh iontophoresis, local heating of the skin and post-occlusive reactive hyperaemia, on two separate days (median 31, range 11-42 days), were assessed in all subjects. We measured three parameters: the change in perfusion from baseline perfusion (peak minus baseline perfusion), the relative percentage change in perfusion from baseline (peak--baseline)/baseline x 100 (%) and also the time-to-peak perfusion. The reproducibility of the change in perfusion had coefficients of variation (CV) of 9.3% for local skin heating, 19.4% for reactive hyperaemia and 25.5% for ACh iontophoresis. The relative percentage change in perfusion from baseline was more variable with CVs ranging from 23% to 39%. The coefficient of variation of time-to-peak perfusion was 7.0% for heating, 15.1% for reactive hyperaemia and 10.4% for ACh iontophoresis. We have shown that microcirculatory changes measured by the change in perfusion from baseline and time-to-peak perfusion in response to ACh, post-occlusive reactive hyperaemia and local skin heating had good reproducibility when carried out in a controlled environment with a standardized protocol. Relative change in perfusion had relatively poor reproducibility. The change in perfusion and time-to-peak perfusion for local skin heating were the most reproducible overall.
Reduced heart rate variability (HRV) and increased C-reactive protein (CRP) levels are both predictors of coronary artery disease and correlate with each other. We examined whether these 2 phenotypes share a common genetic substrate and investigated the relations of the CRP gene polymorphisms with both CRP levels and HRV indexes. We examined 236 male twins free of symptomatic coronary artery disease, with a mean age +/- SD of 54 +/- 2.9 years. The plasma CRP levels were measured and the frequency domain measures of HRV were assessed using a 24-hour electrocardiographic recording, including ultra-low-, very-low-, low-, and high-frequency power. Three single-nucleotide polymorphisms in the CRP gene were genotyped. Generalized estimating equations were used to examine the association between CRP and HRV, as well as the genotype-phenotype association. Bivariate structural equation modeling was performed to estimate the genetic and environmental correlations between CRP and HRV and the explanatory effect of CRP gene polymorphisms on the CRP-HRV association. Both CRP (h(2) = 0.76) and HRV indexes (h(2) = 0.56 to 0.64) showed high heritability. Greater CRP levels were significantly associated with lower HRV. A robust genetic correlation was found between CRP and ultra-low-frequency power (r(G) = -0.3, p = 0.001). One CRP single nucleotide polymorphism (rs1205) was significantly associated with both CRP (p = 0.003) and ultra-low-frequency power (p = 0.005) and explained 11% of the genetic covariance between them. In conclusion, reduced HRV correlates significantly with increased CRP plasma levels and this correlation is due, in large part, to common genetic influences. A polymorphism in the CRP gene contributes to both CRP levels and HRV.
AIM OF THE STUDY: To determine the pharmacokinetics of gimatecan, a camptothecin with a lipophilic substitution in position 7, given orally to patients participating in the phase I study. METHODS: Pharmacokinetics was evaluated in 78 patients after oral daily dose for 5 days a week for 1, 2 or 3 weeks by HPLC with a fluorescence detector. RESULTS: Gimatecan was mainly present in plasma as lactone (>85%), the active form as DNA-topoisomerase I poison. The AUC(0-24) on the first day of treatment normalised per daily dose (mg/m(2)), ranged from 194 to 2909 ng h/mL/mg/m(2). The half-life was 77.1+/-29.6h, consequently C(max) and AUC rose 3-6-fold after multiple dosing. Multivariate analysis indicated the daily dose (p<0.0001) and the alpha(1)-acid glycoprotein (AGP) plasma levels (p<0.0001) as main predictors of gimatecan AUC(0-24). In the overall analysis, daily dose and AGP plasma levels explained 85% of the deviance. The hydroxy metabolite ST1698 was present in plasma at low levels with AUC values of 5-15% of gimatecan. In mice, orally treated with gimatecan, plasma and tissue levels were 2-fold higher after treatment with a pro-inflammatory agent causing AGP induction. CONCLUSIONS: Gimatecan is orally absorbed and its variable plasma levels seem to be related to AGP plasma concentrations. Data obtained in mice, together with the fact that AGP levels largely exceeded gimatecan plasma concentrations, suggest that the increased gimatecan levels in patients with high AGP levels are not related to the binding of the drug to AGP with consequent reduced tissue drug distribution, but possibly to other mechanism associated with inflammation being AGP simply a marker of the inflammation process. 
Optimization of every step in a bottom-up urinary proteomics approach was studied with respect to maximize the protein recovery and making the downstream steps in the workflow fully compatible without compromising on the amount of information obtained. Sample enrichment and desalting using centrifugal filtration (5 kDa cut-off) yielded protein recoveries up to 97% when 8 M urea was used. Although yielding lower recoveries (88%), addition of Tris-HCl/NaCl was considered a better choice due to good down-stream compatibility. The consecutive depletion of HSA, using an immunoaffinity column was successfully adapted for use in urine. Separation of the trypsin generated peptides in an off-line 2-D chromatographic system consisting of a hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography column, followed by a RP chromatography column showed a high peak capacity and good repeatability in addition to a high degree of orthogonality. All operations were modified in order to keep sample handling between every step to a minimum, reducing the variability of each process. In order to test the suitability of the full method in an extensive proteomic experiment, a urine sample from a kidney-transplanted patient was analyzed (n=6). The total variability of the method was identified with RSD values ranging from 11 to 30%. Eventually, we identified a total of 1668 peptides and 438 proteins from a single urine sample despite the use of low-resolution MS/MS equipment. The optimized and "streamlined" complex method has shown potential for use in future urinary proteomic studies.
OBJECTIVES: NGAL (Neutrophil Gelatinase-Associated Lipocalin) has emerged as a new biomarker for the identification of acute kidney injury. Reliable clinical evaluations require a simple, robust test method for NGAL, and knowledge of specimen handling and specimen stability characteristics. We evaluated the performance of a new urine NGAL assay on the ARCHITECT analyzer. METHODS: Assay performance characteristics were evaluated using standard protocols. Urine specimen storage requirements were determined and biological variability was assessed in a self-declared apparently healthy population. RESULTS: Assay performance data showed good precision, sensitivity and lot-to-lot reproducibility. There was good short term 2-8 degrees C sample stability, however, long term storage samples must be kept at -70 degrees C or colder. The largest variance component in a biological variance study was within-day. CONCLUSIONS: The ARCHITECT NGAL assay proved to be a precise and reproducible assay for the determination of urine NGAL. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine the diagnostic accuracy of noninvasive fetal sex determination in maternal plasma. METHODS: All consecutive patients for whom fetal sex determination in maternal plasma was performed in our laboratory from 2003 up to 2009 were included in the study. Real-time polymerase chain reaction was performed for the SRY gene and multicopy DYS14 marker sequence. A stringent diagnostic algorithm was applied. In the case of a positive result for both Y chromosome-specific assays, a male-bearing pregnancy was reported. In the case of a negative result, the presence of fetal DNA was ascertained through the use of 24 biallelic insertion/deletion polymorphisms or paternally inherited blood group antigens. Only if the presence of fetal DNA was confirmed was a female-bearing pregnancy reported. Results were compared with the pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: A total of 201 women were tested. The median gestational age was 9 0/7 weeks (interquartile range 8 0/7 to 10 0/7 weeks). In 189 of 201 cases (94%), a test result was issued; in 10 cases, the presence of fetal DNA could not be confirmed; in two cases, an early miscarriage was observed. Pregnancy outcome was obtained in 197 cases, including 105 male-bearing and 81 female-bearing pregnancies and 11 miscarriages. Sensitivity and specificity of the test were 100% (95% confidence intervals 96.6-100% and 95.6-100%, respectively). In all 10 cases in which the presence of fetal DNA could not be confirmed, a female was born. CONCLUSION: Noninvasive fetal sex determination in maternal plasma is highly reliable and clinically applicable. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: III. 
OBJECTIVE: To know the variability of the creatinine-adjusted inorganic mercury (HgUCr) levels in women aged >or=12 years to evaluate the impact of residing at a site contaminated by mercury in soil. METHODS: A cross-sectional epidemiologic study was conducted, in which 122 women participated, in whom, HgUCr was determined. Simultaneously, a questionnaire was applied for evaluate the different factors of mercury exposure, sociodemographic characteristics, and dietary hygiene measures. The environmental exposures were evaluated by measure Hg in soil and mining dumps. RESULTS: Women aged >30 years residing in areas contaminated by Hg in soil (>625 ppb) had 212% more HgUCr than the women who living in areas least contaminated, while women with amalgam dental fillings had 120% more HgUCr than women without these. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, exposure to different physicochemical forms of Hg by environmental mechanisms and factors intrinsic to the women are probably responsible for HgUCr-level variability in the women. 
The delayed release of mycophenolic acid (MPA) from enteric-coated mycophenolate sodium (EC-MPS, myfortic) may have an impact on the variability of MPA trough (C0 h) levels. A randomized, two-period crossover study was performed in 24 maintenance renal transplants to evaluate the inter- and intrasubject variability of MPA predose levels from EC-MPS and mycophenolate mofetil (MMF, CellCept), both in combination with cyclosporine. Patients received EC-MPS (720 mg b.i.d.) and MMF (1000 mg b.i.d.) for a period of 21 d each. MPA plasma levels were measured over the final seven consecutive days at -1, 0, 1, 2, and 3 h after the morning MPA dose. Intersubject coefficients of variation (%CV) for MPA troughs were 47.5% (95% CI, 34.1-80.3) and 54.4% (40.0-86.8) for EC-MPS and MMF, respectively; intrasubject %CVs were 62.7% (55.1-72.9) and 42.8% (37.9-49.2). High MPA C0 h levels>10 g/mL were rarely observed with both EC-MPS (1.8%) and MMF (0.6%). Mean MPA area under the curve (AUC)0-3 h was comparable between treatments, while MPA C0 h was on average 46% higher with EC-MPS. In conclusion, predose MPA trough level monitoring appears of limited value during EC-MPS and MMF therapy given the large intrasubject variability in MPA C0 h levels with both treatments.
The goals of the present study were to measure mammary blood flow volume (BFV) during the first 12 wk of lactation in dairy cows by using color Doppler sonography and to determine what affects the mammary blood flow. Forty cows were examined via color Doppler sonography on d 1, 7, 14, 28, 56, and 84 after parturition (d 0). The total BFV (BFV(total)) to the 4 mammary glands was calculated by measuring time-averaged maximum velocities (TAMV) and cross-sectional areas (A) of the left and right pudendoepigastric trunks via transrectal color Doppler sonography. Because there were no significant differences in A, TAMV, and BFV between the right and left pudendoepigastric trunks, the means of A and TAMV, and the BFV(total) of both trunks were used for calculations. The intraindividual and interindividual variability of repeated BFV measures quantified by intraclass correlation coefficients were 96 and 98%, respectively. The BFV(total) ranged from 19.9 to 27.9 L/min, with a mean of 22.3+/-4.9 L/min. Interindividual differences in BFV values were attributable to variations in A and TAMV. The interindividual variability of the BFV(total), which was determined using the coefficients of variation of the BFV(total) on individual days, ranged from 16 to 28%. All the cows had similar changes in the BFV(total) during the study. Changes in BFV(total) were not correlated with changes in the mean of A, but there was a good correlation between changes in BFV(total) and in the mean of TAMV (r=0.94). The BFV(total) was highest on d 1 of lactation, decreased 28% by d 7, and remained at this level until d 28. By d 56, the BFV(total) had increased by 15% compared with d 14 and by 10% compared with d 28. The BFV(total) on d 84 was significantly different from all other days except d 56. There were moderate correlations between daily milk yield and BFV on individual days (0.24<r<0.35). In conclusion, Doppler sonography is a reliable method for determining blood flow in the pudendoepigastric trunk of cows. There is great variability in mammary blood flow among cows and in BFV.
OBJECTIVES: Previous studies have shown that grounding produces quantifiable physiologic changes. This study was set up to reproduce and expand earlier electrophysiologic and physiologic parameters measured immediately after grounding with improved methodology and state-of-the-art equipment. DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: A multiparameter double-blind experiment was conducted with 14 men and 14 women (age range: 18-80) in relatively good health. Subjects were screened for health problems using a commonly used health questionnaire. They were seated in a comfortable recliner and measured during 2-hour grounding sessions, leaving time for signals to stabilize before, during, and after grounding (40 minutes for each period). Sham 2-hour grounding sessions were also recorded with the same subjects as controls. OUTCOME MEASURES: This report presents results for 5 of the 18 parameters measured. The parameters reported here are: skin conductance (SC), blood oxygenation (BO), respiratory rate (RR), pulse rate (PR), and perfusion index (PI). SETTINGS/LOCATION: This study was performed in a rented facility in Encinitas, California. The facility was chosen in a quiet area for its very low electromagnetic noise. RESULTS: For each session, statistical analyses were performed on four 10-minute segments: before and after grounding (sham grounding for control session) and before and after ungrounding (sham ungrounding). There was an immediate decrease in SC at grounding and an immediate increase at ungrounding on all subjects. RR increased during grounding, and the effect lasted after ungrounding. RR variance increased immediately after grounding then decreased. BO variance decreased during grounding, followed by a dramatic increase after ungrounding. PR and PI variances increased toward the end of the grounding period, and this change persisted after ungrounding. CONCLUSIONS: These results warrant further research to determine how grounding affects the body. Grounding could become important for relaxation, health maintenance and disease prevention. 
BACKGROUND: Previously, data on both the within-subject (SD(I)) and the between-subject (SD(G)) variation of cystatin C in children has not been reported. Thus, this study aimed to determine this biological variation including analytical variation (SD(A)) of both cystatin C and creatinine to characterize the two analytes as renal function markers in children. METHODS: On two consecutive days blood samples for duplicate analysis of cystatin C (nephelometric, Dade Behring) and creatinine (enzymatic, Roche) were obtained from 30 children (11 females and 19 males, mean age 8.3 range 2-13 years) referred for GFR measurements by (51)Cr-EDTA clearance. For determination of the between-subject variation only children with normal GFR (n=21) were included. Data were adjusted for the well known age-related increase in creatinine. RESULTS: The results are given as coefficients of variation. The within-subject variations were identical for both analytes (6.4%). The between-subject variation was 11.1% for cystatin C and 28.4% for creatinine, though decreasing to 20.1% after adjusting for age. The analytical variation was 1.7% and 2.5% for cystatin C and creatinine, respectively. The index of individuality (IOI = SD(I)/SD(G)) was 0.65 for cystatin C and 0.25 for creatinine, though increasing to 0.36 after age-adjustment. CONCLUSION: The within-subject variation was identical and low for cystatin C and creatinine suggesting that the two are equally suitable for serial monitoring of renal function in children. Based on the low IOI neither analyte, however, seems suitable as a screening marker of renal function in a healthy population of children using population-based reference intervals. 
BACKGROUND: High sensitivity C-reactive protein, a marker of inflammation, has been proposed to stratify coronary artery disease risk and is lowered by HMG-CoA reductase (statin) therapy. However, the reproducibility of persistently elevated hs-CRP levels and association with other markers of inflammation in patients with stable CAD on aggressive statin therapy is unknown. OBJECTIVES: To determine the reproducibility of hs-CRP levels measured within 2 weeks in patients with documented CAD with stable symptoms and to identify associations with other markers of inflammation. METHODS: Levels of hs-CRP were measured twice within 14 days (7 +/- 4) in 23 patients (22 males and 1 female, average age 66 +/- 10 years) with stable CAD and hs-CRP > or = 2.0 mg/L but < or = 10 mg/L at visit 1. All patients had received statins for cholesterol management (low density lipoprotein-cholesterol 84 +/- 25 mg/dl) with no dose change for > 3 months. None had a history or evidence of malignancy, chronic infection or inflammation, or recent trauma. There was no change in medications between visits 1 and 2, and no patient reported a change in symptoms or general health during this interval. White blood cell count and pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines were measured at both visits. RESULTS: hs-CRP levels tended to be lower at visit 2 (median 2.4 mg/L, range 0.8-11 mg/L) than at visit 1 (median 3.3 mg/L, range 2.0-9.7; P = 0.1793). However, between the two visits hs-CRP levels decreased by more than 1.0 mg/L in 10 patients and increased by more than 1.0 mg/L in 4 patients. Changes in hs-CRP levels were unrelated to changes in levels of white blood cells (P = 0.4353). Of the cytokines tested, only the antiinflammatory cytokine interleukin-1 receptor antagonist and the pro-inflammatory cytokine interleukin-8 were above lower limits of detection, but there were no correlations between changes in these values and changes in hs-CRP (both P > 0.5). CONCLUSIONS: In stable CAD patients on aggressive statin therapy, hs-CRP levels may fluctuate over brief periods in the absence of changes in health, cardiac symptom status and medications, and without corroboration with other measures of inflammation. Accordingly, elevated hs-CRP levels should be interpreted with caution in this setting. 
We have previously reported the levels of water-soluble vitamins in the blood and urine of Japanese young adults. In the present paper, to assess the variations in these water-soluble vitamin markers during the above experiment, we comprehensively determined the intra- and inter-individual variations of blood and urinary water-soluble vitamins to exactly the same amount of water-soluble vitamin intakes in the same experiment. The blood samples before breakfast and the 24-h urine samples were periodically collected from Japanese college male (n=10) and female (n=10) students consuming a semi-purified diet with water-soluble vitamins based on Japanese Dietary Reference Intakes for 7 d, and the intra- and inter-individual variations of blood and urinary water-soluble vitamins or their metabolites in blood and urine samples after adaptation were calculated. Although urinary excretion of vitamin B(12) and vitamin C showed high intra-individual variations in both males and females, other urinary vitamins and all blood vitamins showed less than 20% of within-subject coefficients of variance in either male or female. Those showing more than 20% of between-subject coefficients of variances in both male and female were blood vitamin B(6), vitamin B(12) and folate levels, and urinary vitamin B(1), vitamin B(2), vitamin B(12), nicotinamide metabolites, pantothenic acid, biotin and vitamin C. These results showed that oral administration of constant of water-soluble vitamins generally decreased intra-individual variation, while individual differences in urinary vitamin excretion were observed.
PURPOSE: To evaluate the reproducibility and gender differences in cerebrovascular reactivity (CVR) measurements obtained using the blood-oxygen level dependent (BOLD) response to controlled changes in end-tidal partial pressure of carbon dioxide (PETCO(2)). MATERIALS AND METHODS: We obtained ethical approval to image 19 healthy volunteers (10 men, 9 women) on a 1.5 Tesla (T) MRI scanner twice on two separate days using identical procedures. CVR images were generated by collecting BOLD MRI data during controlled changes in PETCO(2) induced by a sequential gas delivery system. RESULTS: Using the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC), we demonstrated excellent within-day CVR measures in gray matter (GM) (ICC = 0.92) and white matter (WM) (ICC = 0.88) regions, excellent between-day reproducibility in GM (ICC = 0.81), and good between-day reproducibility in the WM (ICC = 0.66). CVR values between men and women were significantly different in the GM and WM. Men exhibited a 22 +/- 2% greater CVR in GM and a 17 +/- 2% greater CVR in WM compared with females. CONCLUSION: Our results demonstrate the reliability of BOLD MRI CVR measurements obtained using a controlled cerebrovascular challenge. Using this technique, we also revealed significantly increased BOLD response to CO(2) in males compared with females. 
This study presents a theoretical model of combined series and parallel perfusion in the human pulmonary acinus that maintains computational simplicity while capturing some important features of acinar structure. The model provides a transition between existing models of perfusion in the large pulmonary blood vessels and the pulmonary microcirculation. Arterioles and venules are represented as distinct elastic vessels that follow the branching structure of the acinar airways. These vessels are assumed to be joined at each generation by capillary sheets that cover the alveoli present at that generation, forming a "ladderlike" structure. Compared with a model structure in which capillary beds connect only the most distal blood vessels in the acinus, the model with combined serial and parallel perfusion provides greater capacity for increased blood flow in the lung via capillary recruitment when the blood pressure is elevated. Stratification of acinar perfusion emerges in the model, with red blood cell transit time significantly larger in the distal portion of the acinus compared with the proximal portion. This proximal-to-distal pattern of perfusion may act in concert with diffusional screening to optimize the potential for gas exchange.
The aim of this work is to compare several short-term biomarkers of styrene exposure, namely urinary styrene (StyU), mercapturic acids (M1+M2), mandelic acid (MA), phenylglyoxylic acid (PGA), phenylglycine (PHG), and 4-vinylphenol conjugates (VP), for use as biomarkers of exposure in epidemiologic studies. A repeated measurements protocol (typically 4 measurements per worker over 6 weeks) was applied to measure airborne styrene (StyA) and urinary biomarkers in 10 varnish and 8 fiberglass reinforced plastic workers. Estimated geometric mean personal exposures to StyA were 2.96mg/m(3) in varnish workers and 15.7mg/m(3) in plastic workers. The corresponding levels of StyU, M1+M2, MA, PGA, MA+PGA, PHG and VP were 5.13microg/L, 0.111, 38.2, 22.7, 62.6, 0.978, and 3.97mg/g creatinine in varnish workers and 8.38microg/L, 0.303, 146, 83.4, 232, 2.85 and 3.97mg/g creatinine in plastic workers. Within-worker (sigma(wY)(2)) and between-worker (sigma(bY)(2)) variance components were estimated from the log-transformed data as were the corresponding fold ranges containing 95% of the respective lognormal distributions of daily levels ((w)R(0.95)) and subject-specific mean levels ((b)R(0.95)). Estimates of (w)R(0.95) (range: 4-26) were generally smaller than those of (b)R(0.95) (range: 5-790) for both environmental and biological markers; this indicates that exposures varied much more between workers than within workers in these groups. Since attenuation bias in an estimated exposure-response relationship increases with the variance ratio lambda=sigma(wY)(2)/sigma(bY)(2), we estimated values of lambda for all exposure measures in our study. Values of lambda were typically much less than one (median=0.220) and ranged from 0.089 for M1+M2 in plastic workers to 1.38 for PHG in varnish workers. Since values of lambda were 0.147 and 0.271 for StyA in varnish workers and plastic workers, respectively, compared to 0.178 and 0.210 for MA in the same groups, our results suggest that either air measurements or conventional biomarker measurements (urinary MA) would be comparable surrogates for individual exposures in epidemiologic studies.
We report a novel method for the chromatographic separation and measurement of stable carbon isotope ratios (delta(13)C) of individual amino acids in hair proteins and bone collagen using the LC-IsoLink system, which interfaces liquid chromatography (LC) with isotope ratio mass spectrometry (IRMS). This paper provides baseline separation of 15 and 13 of the 18 amino acids in bone collagen and hair proteins, respectively. We also describe an approach to analysing small hair samples for compound-specific analysis of segmental hair sections. The LC/IRMS method is applied in a historical context by the delta(13)C analysis of hair proteins and bone collagen recovered from six individuals from Uummannaq in Greenland. The analysis of hair and bone amino acids from the same individual, compared for the first time in this study, is of importance in palaeodietary reconstruction. If hair proteins can be used as a proxy for bone collagen at the amino acid level, this validates compound-specific isotope studies using hair as a model for palaeodietary reconstruction. Our results suggest that a small offset observed in the bulk delta(13)C values of the hair and bone samples may be attributed to two factors: (i) amino acid compositional differences between hair and bone proteins, and (ii) differential turnover rates of the tissues and the amino acid pools contributing to their synthesis. This application proposes that hair may be a useful complementary or alternative source of compound-specific paleodietary information.
The two main arms of the stress system include the autonomic nervous system (ANS) and the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis. These two neural stress systems coordinate the response of many other physiological systems to a stressor, including the immune and cardiovascular systems, bringing the body back to homeostasis. The nervous and immune systems communicate with each other in a bidirectional manner. In this review, we will discuss the use of noninvasive methods to evaluate the immune system, ANS and HPA axis. Collection of sweat and saliva, and measurement of heart rate variability are noninvasive methods that can be applied to evaluate neuroimmune interactions. Recently, we validated a new methodology to simultaneously evaluate a large array of neural and immune biomarkers in sweat, collected through cutaneous sweat patches and measured by recycling immunoaffinity chromatography. Noninvasive and ambulatory methodologies of biomarker collection can overcome several limitations intrinsic to invasive methods, such as reducing the stress triggered by collection itself and allowing a wider application to field and community-based settings. Ultimately, simultaneous evaluation of neural and immune systems with noninvasive techniques will help elucidate the underlying interactions of these systems and their role in disease susceptibility and progression of stress-related disorders.
BACKGROUND: Data on long-term intra-individual variability in high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) are needed to determine whether one measurement adequately reflects usual levels in prospective studies of on the etiology of cancer and other chronic diseases; when not reflective, the ability to statistically detect modest to moderate associations is reduced. The authors estimated the size of this source of variability and consequent attenuation of the relative risk (RR). METHODS: High-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) concentration was measured using a high-sensitivity immunoturbidometric assay in sera collected at years 2, 4, and 6 from 50 men in the placebo arm of the Prostate Cancer Prevention Trial (PCPT). After natural logarithm-transformation of hsCRP, analysis of variance was used to estimate the within- and between-individual variances from which the intra-class correlation coefficient (ICC) was calculated. RESULTS: The observed RR due to an ICC < 1 was calculated by e((ln true RR*ICC)) for a range of true RRs. The 4-year ICC was 0.66. Measuring hsCRP once and assuming no other error, if the true RRs were 1.50, 2.00, and 3.00 when comparing high with low concentration, then the observed RRs would be 1.31, 1.58, and 2.06, respectively. CONCLUSION: Investigators planning to measure hsCRP only once should design adequately sized studies to preserve inferences for hypothesized modest to moderate RRs. 
BACKGROUND: Readily accessible samples such as peripheral blood or cell lines are increasingly being used in large cohorts to characterise gene expression differences between a patient group and healthy controls. However, cell and RNA isolation procedures and the variety of cell types that make up whole blood can affect gene expression measurements. We therefore systematically investigated global gene expression profiles in peripheral blood from six individuals collected during two visits by comparing five of the following cell and RNA isolation methods: whole blood (PAXgene), peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs), lymphoblastoid cell lines (LCLs), CD19 and CD20 specific B-cell subsets. RESULTS: Gene expression measurements were clearly discriminated by isolation method although the reproducibility was high for all methods (range rho = 0.90-1.00). The PAXgene samples showed a decrease in the number of expressed genes (P < 1*10(-16)) with higher variability (P < 1*10(-16)) compared to the other methods. Differentially expressed probes between PAXgene and PBMCs were correlated with the number of monocytes, lymphocytes, neutrophils or erythrocytes. The correlations (rho = 0.83; rho = 0.79) of the expression levels of detected probes between LCLs and B-cell subsets were much lower compared to the two B-cell isolation methods (rho = 0.98). Gene ontology analysis of detected genes showed that genes involved in inflammatory responses are enriched in B-cells CD19 and CD20 whereas genes involved in alcohol metabolic process and the cell cycle were enriched in LCLs. CONCLUSION: Gene expression profiles in blood-based samples are strongly dependent on the predominant constituent cell type(s) and RNA isolation method. It is crucial to understand the differences and variability of gene expression measurements between cell and RNA isolation procedures, and their relevance to disease processes, before application in large clinical studies. 
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: The primary aim of the study was to translate and validate a Polish version of the CONTILIFE, a quality of life questionnaire. The clinical validity of the CONTILIFE was assessed against the number of urinary leaks, Valsalva leak point pressure (VLPP), and maximum urethral closure pressure (MUCP). METHODS: One hundred women with stress urinary incontinence completed a Polish version of the CONTILIFE twice with a 4-day interval. RESULTS: Internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha= 0.94) and test-retest reliability of the instrument (ICC = 0.96) were very good. A significant relationship was found between all the CONTILIFE dimension scores, the CONTILIFE global score, and the number of urinary leaks per week. A less significant relationship was found between VLPP, MUCP, and CONTILIFE dimension and global scores. CONCLUSIONS: A Polish version of the CONTILIFE can be a reliable measure of quality of life in stress urinary incontinence patients. 
Interactions between hairs and other natural fibers are of broad interest for both applications and fundamental understanding of biological interfaces. We present a novel method, that allows force measurements between individual hair strands. Hair fragments can be laser-cut without altering their surface chemistry. Subsequently, they are glued onto Atomic force microscopy (AFM) cantilevers. This allows carrying out measurements between the hair fragment and surface immobilized hair in a well-defined crossed-cylinder geometry. Both force-distance and friction measurements are feasible. Measurements in air with controlled humidity and in aqueous environment show clear differences which can be explained by the dominating role of capillary interactions in air. Friction is found to be anisotropic, reflecting the fine structure of hair cuticula. While the investigations are focused on the particular example of human hair, we expect that the approach can be extended to other animal/plant fibers and thus offers perspectives for broad spectrum systems.
The disturbing results of recent clinical trials aimed to control cardiovascular risk of diabetes by aggressive control of blood glucose prompted us to analyze the effect of genetic variability of 2 polymorphic enzymes abundant in red blood cells on the correlation between blood glucose and glycated hemoglobin (Hb). Two hundred eighty subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus were studied. Adenylate kinase locus 1 (AK) and acid phosphatase locus 1 were determined. Correlation between blood glucose and glycated Hb was determined for phenotypes of the 2 systems. The correlation between blood glucose and glycated Hb is higher in carriers of AK*2 allele than in subjects with AK1 phenotype. The highest coefficient is observed in acid phosphatase locus 1 phenotypes with the highest enzymatic activity; and the lowest, in phenotypes with the lowest activity. Effects of sex, blood glucose level, age, age at onset, and duration of disease have been also considered. Our data are in agreement with recent observation in healthy subjects suggesting a role of genetic factors on glycated Hb level. If glycation of structural and functional protein is dependent not only on blood glucose level but also on genetic factors, these factors could have an important role in the susceptibility and clinical course of diabetes.
Regional cerebral blood flow (CBF) and oxygen metabolism can be measured by positron emission tomography (PET) with (15)O-labeled compounds. Hemoglobin (Hb) concentration of blood, a primary determinant of arterial oxygen content (C(a)O(2)), influences cerebral circulation. We investigated interindividual variations of CBF, cerebral blood volume (CBV), oxygen extraction fraction (OEF), and cerebral metabolic rate of oxygen (CMRO(2)) in relation to Hb concentration in healthy human volunteers (n=17) and in patients with unilateral steno-occlusive disease (n=44). For the patients, data obtained only from the contralateral hemisphere (normal side) were analyzed. The CBF and OEF were inversely correlated with Hb concentration, but CMRO(2) was independent of Hb concentration. Oxygen delivery defined as a product of C(a)O(2) and CBF (C(a)O(2) CBF) increased with a rise of Hb concentration. The analysis with a simple oxygen model showed that oxygen diffusion parameter (L) was constant over the range of Hb concentration, indicating that a homeostatic mechanism controlling CBF is necessary to maintain CMRO(2). The current findings provide important knowledge to understand the control mechanism of cerebral circulation and to interpret the (15)O PET data in clinical practice.
The aim of this study was to characterize the 24-h and diurnal variability of urinary protein excretion and identify the prevalence of orthostatic proteinuria (OP) in healthy children. Upright, supine, and 24-h total urinary protein (UrTP) and creatinine clearance (CrCl) were measured in 91 healthy children ages 6-19 years. Urinary protein and creatinine excretions were calculated and examined by gender, age, Tanner stage, and body mass index (BMI). Orthostatic proteinuria (OP) was defined as a 24-h UrTP >100 mg/m(2) with a normal supine UrTP (<4 mg/m(2)/h). There exists a marked diurnal variability in UrTP. The upright UrTP rate was three to four-times greater than the supine rate. UrTP, adjusted for body surface area, is higher in boys than girls and increases with age and BMI. There is a similar increase in upright CrCl compared with supine. Urinary protein to creatinine ratio (UPcr) is strongly correlated with UrTP. OP is common, being found in 20% of children in this cohort, and is more common in boys and associated with age >10 years and BMI >85%. In children with OP, a first morning UPcr shows a value in the normal range, whereas a random daytime UPcr is elevated. There exists a diurnal variability in urinary protein excretion that is exaggerated in participants with OP. UPcr reliably estimates 24-h UrTP. Using current pediatric criteria, OP is very common, particularly in boys. A normal first morning UPcr ratio indicates that a child with elevated random urinary protein has OP.
OBJECTIVE: Intracellular methotrexate (MTX) polyglutamates (MTXGlu) have been shown to be potentially useful biomarkers of clinical response in adult patients with rheumatoid arthritis. The present study was undertaken to measure intracellular MTXGlu concentrations in a cohort of patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) to determine the predictors of MTXGlu variability in these patients. METHODS: Blood samples were obtained from patients with JIA who were being treated with a stable dose of MTX for >or=3 months. Clinical data were collected by chart review. Concentrations of MTXGlu(1-7) in red blood cell lysates were quantitated using an innovative ion-pairing chromatography procedure, with detection by mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Patients with JIA from a single center (n = 99; mean +/- SD age 117.8 +/- 56.5 months, 69 female) were included in the analysis. The mean +/- SD dose of MTX was 0.51 +/- 0.25 mg/kg per week, with a median treatment duration of 18 months (interquartile range 3-156 months). MTX was administered subcutaneously in 66 patients (67%). Fifty-six patients (57%) had active arthritis at the time of the clinic visit. Total intracellular MTXGlu (MTXGlu(TOT)) concentrations varied 40-fold, with a mean +/- SD total concentration of 85.8 +/- 48.4 nmoles/liter. Concentrations of each MTXGlu subtype (MTXGlu(1-7)) were measured individually and as a percentage of MTXGlu(TOT) in each patient. MTXGlu(3) was the most prominent subtype identified, comprising 42% of MTXGlu(TOT), and the interindividual variability in the concentration of MTXGlu(3) was the most highly correlated with that of MTXGlu(TOT) (r = 0.96). The route of MTX administration was significantly associated with MTXGlu(1-5) subtypes; higher concentrations of MTXGlu(1 + 2) were observed in patients receiving oral doses of MTX, whereas higher concentrations of MTXGlu(3-5) were observed in patients receiving subcutaneous doses of MTX (P < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: In this cohort of patients with JIA, the MTXGlu(TOT) concentration varied 40-fold. Individual MTXGlu metabolites (MTXGlu(1-7)), which have, until now, not been previously reported in patients with JIA, were detected. The route of MTX administration contributed to the variability in concentrations of MTXGlu(1-5). 
We have used a sol-gel spin-coating process to fabricate a new metal-insulator-metal (MIM) capacitor comprising a 10 nm-thick high-k thin dielectric HfO(2) film on a flexible polyimide (PI) substrate. The surface morphology of this HfO(2) film was investigated using atomic force microscopy and scanning electron microscopy, which confirmed that continuous and crack-free film growth had occurred on the film surface. After oxygen (O(2)) plasma pretreatment and subsequent annealing at 250 degrees C, the film on the PI substrate exhibited a low leakage current density of 3.64 x 10(-9) A cm(-2) at 5 V and a maximum capacitance density of 10.35 fF microm(-2) at 1 MHz. The as-deposited sol-gel film was completely oxidized when employing O(2) plasma at a relatively low temperature (ca. 250 degrees C), thereby enhancing the electrical performance. We employed X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) at both high and low resolution to examine the chemical composition of the film subjected to various treatment conditions. The shift of the XPS peaks towards higher binding energy, revealed that O(2) plasma treatment was the most effective process for the complete oxidation of hafnium atoms at low temperature. A study of the insulator properties indicated the excellent bendability of our MIM capacitor; the flexible PI substrate could be bent up to 10(5) times and folded to near 360 degrees without any deterioration in its electrical performance.
Side effects of varying severity are frequent in peripheral blood stem cell harvest (PBSCH). Life-threatening complications associated with PBSCH have also been reported. Heart rate variability (HRV), which reflects sympathovagal balance and autonomic cardiovascular control, has been a subject of intense interest in various diseases precipitating sudden death. Here, we prospectively assessed the impact of leukapheresis on HRV among autologous hematopoietic cell transplant patients and healthy donors. We found that HRV indicators, the standard deviation of normal-to-normal intervals (SDNN) value, the square root of the mean of the sum of squared differences between the adjacent normal-to-normal interval (r-MSSD) value, total frequency (TF), high frequency (HF) and low frequency (LF) powers decreased significantly to morbid levels during leukapheresis (all P < 0.01). Morbid changes in SDNN value, TF and LF powers were significantly sustained for 6-9 h after leukapheresis (all P < 0.05). Furthermore, TF and LF powers prior to leukapheresis were significantly lower in subjects with symptomatic hypotension than in the other subjects [3282 (3121-4427) vs. 6018 (4983-9816) ms(2), P = 0.03; 93 (42-144) vs. 237 (142-360) ms(2), P = 0.03, respectively]. Our results suggest that HRV analysis might be of use in evaluating and predicting the adverse effects of cardiovascular complications in PBSCH.
BACKGROUND: Temporal variability of biomarkers should be evaluated before their use in epidemiologic studies. METHODS: We evaluated the reproducibility, using intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC), of 77 plasma and 9 urinary biomarkers over 1 to 3 years among premenopausal (n = 40) and postmenopausal (n = 35-70) participants from the Nurses' Health Study and Nurses' Health Study II. RESULTS: Plasma and urinary stress hormones and melatonin were measured among premenopausal women, whereas melatonin and the remaining biomarkers were measured in postmenopausal women. ICCs were good to excellent for plasma carotenoids (0.73-0.88), vitamin D analytes (0.56-0.72), bioactive somatolactogens (0.62), soluble leptin receptor (0.82), resistin (0.74), and postmenopausal melatonin (0.63). Reproducibility was lower for some of the plasma fatty acids (0.38-0.72), matrix metalloproteinases (0.07-0.91), and premenopausal melatonin (0.44). The ICCs for plasma and urinary phytoestrogens were poor (< or = 0.09) except for enterolactone (plasma, 0.44; urinary, 0.52). ICCs for the stress hormones among premenopausal women ranged from 0 (plasma cortisol) to 0.45 (urinary dopamine). CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that for the majority of these markers, a single measurement can reliably estimate average levels over a 1- to 3-year period in epidemiologic studies. For analytes with fair to good ICCs, reproducibility data can be used for measurement error correction. Analytes with poor ICCs should only be used in settings with multiple samples per subject or in populations in which ICCs are higher. IMPACT: This article summarizes the feasibility of the use of >80 biomarkers in epidemiologic studies in which only one biospecimen is available to represent longer term exposure. 
Individual hormone profiles can be important generators of phenotypic variation. Despite this, work on the consequences of hormone profiles has traditionally ignored the large inter-individual variation within natural populations. However, recent research has advocated the need to explicitly consider this variation and address its consequences for selection. One of the key steps in this process is examining repeatability in hormone profiles and their links to behavioral traits under selection. In this study we show that individuals within a free-ranging population of the Australian lizard Egernia whitii exhibit temporal repeatability in their circulating baseline testosterone concentrations as well as their aggressive response towards conspecific intruders. Furthermore, we show significant, sex-specific links between testosterone and aggression. Specifically, testosterone and aggression is negatively linked in males, while there is no relationship in females. As conspecific aggression has significant consequences for fitness-related traits (parental care, mating strategies) in this species, inter-individual variation in testosterone concentrations, through their effects on aggression, could have important implications for individual fitness. We discuss the potential causes and consequences of hormonal repeatability as well as provide explanations for its sex-specific links with aggression. Specifically, we suggest that these patterns are the result of alternative hormonal pathways governing aggression within Egernia and may indicate a decoupling of aggression and testosterone across the sexes.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) research often attributes blood oxygen level-dependent (BOLD) signal variance to measurement-related confounds. However, what is typically considered "noise" variance in data may be a vital feature of brain function. We examined fMRI signal variability during fixation baseline periods, and then compared SD- and mean-based spatial patterns and their relations with chronological age (20-85 years). We found that not only was the SD-based pattern robust, it differed greatly, both spatially and statistically, from the mean-based pattern. Notably, the unique age-predictive power of the SD-based pattern was more than five times that of the mean-based pattern. This reliable SD-based pattern of activity highlights an important "signal" within what is often considered measurement-related "noise." We suggest that examination of BOLD signal variability may reveal a host of novel brain-related effects not previously considered in neuroimaging research.
This study evaluates reliability of current technology for measurement of renal arterial blood flow by breath-held velocity-encoded MRI. Overall accuracy was determined by comparing MRI measurements with known flow in controlled-flow-loop phantom studies. Measurements using prospective and retrospective gating methods were compared in phantom studies with pulsatile flow, not revealing significant differences. Phantom study results showed good accuracy, with deviations from true flow consistently below 13% for vessel diameters 3mm and above. Reproducibility in human subjects was evaluated by repeated studies in six healthy control subjects, comparing immediate repetition of the scan, repetition of the scan plane scouting, and week-to-week variation in repeated studies. The standard deviation in the 4-week protocol of repeated in vivo measurements of single-kidney renal flow in normal subjects was 59.7 mL/min, corresponding with an average coefficient of variation of 10.55%. Comparison of renal arterial blood flow reproducibility with and without gadolinium contrast showed no significant differences in mean or standard deviation. A breakdown among error components showed corresponding marginal standard deviations (coefficients of variation) 23.8 mL/min (4.21%) for immediate repetition of the breath-held flow scan, 39.13 mL/min (6.90%) for repeated plane scouting, and 40.76 mL/min (7.20%) for weekly fluctuations in renal blood flow.
BACKGROUND: Changes in myocardial blood flow between rest and stress states are commonly used to diagnose coronary artery disease. Relative myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI) is used routinely while myocardial blood flow quantification (MBF) may improve the sensitivity for detection of early disease. The ratio of flow at stress and rest (S/R) and their difference (S-R) have both been proposed as a means to detect regions with reduced myocardial flow reserve (MFR). In this study, we describe a highly automated method to calculate regional and global rest, stress, S/R, and S-R polar maps of the left ventricle myocardium. METHODS: We measured the inter- and intra-operator variability using two randomized datasets (n = 30 each) for each of two operators (novice and expert) with correlation and Bland-Altman reproducibility coefficient (RPC%) analyses. RESULTS: S-R MBF had less inter-operator dependent variability than S/R (RPC% = 5.0% vs 12.6%, P < .001). While there was no difference in intra-operator variability with S-R MBF (novice vs expert RPC% = 6.4% vs 5.9%, P = ns), variability was higher in the novice-operator for S/R (RPC% = 16.8% vs 8.5% respectively, P < .001), suggesting that S-R may be preferred for detecting small changes in MFR. The novice operator's intervention pattern became more similar to that of the expert in the later dataset, emphasizing the need for adequate training and quality assurance. CONCLUSION: The proposed method results in low operator-dependent variability, suitable for routine use. 
The objective of this study was to (a) evaluate the impact of the leg press, at variable percentages of 1 repetition maximum (1RM), on heart rate variability (HRV) and blood lactate and (b) determine the relationship between HRV with blood lactate in a healthy elderly cohort. Ten healthy men (64 +/- 4 years) participated in a progressive leg-press protocol to maximal exertion. Initially, 1RM for the leg press was determined for all subjects. The protocol then began at 10% of 1RM, with subsequent increases of 10% until 30% of 1RM, followed by incremental adjustments of 5% until exhaustion. The measurement of instantaneous R-R interval variability from Poincare plots (SD1 and SD2) and time domain indexes (RMSSD and RMSM), blood pressure, and blood lactate were obtained at rest and all leg-press loads. Significant alterations of HRV and blood lactate were observed from 30% of 1RM leg press (p < 0.05). Additionally, significant correlations were found between the lactate threshold (LT) and the RMSSD threshold (r = 0.78; p < 0.01), and between the LT and SD1 threshold (r = 0.81, p < 0.01). We conclude that metabolic and cardiovascular alterations are apparent during relatively low resistance exercise (RE) loads in apparently healthy subjects. In addition, HRV indexes were associated with blood-lactate levels during RE. The practical applications is the possibility of using HRV as a noninvasive measure obtained at a relatively low cost may be used to identify neural and metabolic alterations during RE in older subjects.
SUMMARY: A major complication in haemophilia is the destruction of joint cartilage because of recurrent intraarticular and intramuscular bleeds. Therefore, joint assessment is critical to quantify the extent of joint damage, which has traditionally been evaluated using both radiological and clinical joint scores. Our study aimed to evaluate the natural progression of haemophilic arthopathy using three-dimensional gait analysis (3DGA) and to assess the reproducibility of this technique. We hypothesized that the musculoskeletal function was relatively stable in patients with haemophilia. Eighteen adults with established haemophilic arthropathies were evaluated twice by 3DGA (mean follow-up: 18 +/- 5 weeks). Unexpectedly, our findings revealed infraclinical deterioration of gait pattern, characterized by a 3.2% decrease in the recovery index, which is indicative of the subject's ability to save energy while walking. A tendency towards modification of segmental joint function was also observed. Gait analysis was sufficiently reproducible with regards to spatiotemporal parameters as well as kinetic, mechanical and energetic gait variables. The kinematic variables were reproducible in both the sagittal and frontal planes. In conclusion, 3DGA is a reproducible tool to assess abnormal gait patterns and monitor natural disease progression in haemophilic patients. 
In the statistical analysis of PET rCBF data, it has become routine to use a mathematical transformation to reduce individual differences in global metabolic rate and increase the power of statistical tests. Two methods of adjustment have been proposed: the ratio adjustment, dividing rCBF for a brain region by the whole-brain average CBF, and the ANCOVA adjustment based on a regression model. We compared these two transformations on the empirically derived PET data sets to assess which of these transforms worked best. Within-subject Z-scores were also considered as an additional transformation technique. Comparisons between the three transform techniques, and the untransformed raw data, were made on the detected significant differences, the size of the statistical effects, and the relative reduction in error variance. Two data sets were considered: 1) a visual perception study comparing object and spatial vision; 2) a data set from a parametric visual working memory study. There was no striking difference in the detected significant differences between any of the three transformed data sets and all transformed data sets detected more differences than the raw data set. There was little difference between the transformed data sets in terms of effect sizes, with the Z-score data set showing slightly lower total error variance that either the ratio-adjusted or ANCOVA-adjusted data sets. It was concluded that PET data sets should be closely examined for task-related changes in global CBF and subject heterogeneities (outliers) since these factors will influence the outcome of image-based statistical comparison more than the particular data transformation.
BACKGROUND: We analyzed serial concentrations of multiple inflammatory mediators from serum and induced sputum obtained from patients with stable COPD and controls. The objective was to determine which proteins could be used as reliable biomarkers to assess COPD disease state and severity. METHODS: Forty-two subjects; 21 with stable COPD and 21 controls, were studied every 2 weeks over a 6-week period. Serum and induced sputum were obtained at each of 3 visits and concentrations of 19 serum and 22 sputum proteins were serially assessed using multiplex immunoassays. We used linear mixed effects models to test the distribution of proteins for an association with COPD and disease severity. Measures of within- and between-subject coefficients of variation were calculated for each of the proteins to assess reliability of measurement. RESULTS: There was significant variability in concentrations of all inflammatory proteins over time, and variability was greater for sputum proteins (median intra-subject coefficient of variation 0.58) compared to proteins measured in serum (median intra-subject coefficient of variation 0.32, P = 0.03). Of 19 serum proteins and 22 sputum proteins tested, only serum CRP, myeloperoxidase and VEGF and sputum IL-6, IL-8, TIMP-1, and VEGF showed acceptable intra and inter-patient reliability and were significantly associated with COPD, the severity of lung function impairment, and dyspnea. CONCLUSIONS: Levels of many serum and sputum biomarkers cannot be reliably ascertained based on single measurements. Multiple measurements over time can give a more reliable and precise estimate of the inflammatory burden in clinically stable COPD patients. 
Animal studies and small clinical trials have shown that taurine (2-aminoethanesulphonic acid), a sulphur-containing molecule mainly obtained from the diet in human subjects, has a variety of biological actions that are related to atherosclerosis and cardiovascular functions. However, epidemiological studies of taurine and CHD risk are lacking. We evaluated whether a single measurement of serum taurine could serve as an estimate for long-term serum levels. Serum taurine was measured using HPLC in three annual samples from thirty postmenopausal women selected from the New York University Women's Health Study. Overall, serum taurine values ranged from 62.8 to 245.3 nmol/ml, with a mean of 140 nmol/ml. The intraclass correlation coefficient of a single measurement of serum taurine was 0.48 (95 % CI 0.26, 0.68), which can be improved to 0.65 by using the mean of two annual measurements. The CV was 7 %. These results indicate that the mean of two or more annual measurements of serum taurine is a sufficiently reliable measure of long-term serum levels that can be used in epidemiological studies.
AIMS: This study aimed to determine whether fasting plasma glucose (FPG) variability can predict diabetic retinopathy development and progression independently of glycemic control. METHODS: Subjects consisted of 170 type 2 diabetes mellitus patients not showing diabetic retinopathy on their first visit to our hospital between 1966 and 1979, and continuously visited thereafter for 27-40 (mean, 33) years. Plasma glucose and HbA1c data obtained on every hospital visit were collected. As FPG variability parameter, standard deviations (SD) were used. RESULTS: The investigation in which patients were classified based on the median value of the mean HbA1c or FPG and that of FPG SD have revealed that the risk of retinopathy development and progression were similar between the group showing good control and high variability and that with poor control and low variability. In multivariate analysis models with the mean FPG or HbA1c as a covariate and models using the mean FPG or HbA1c as a time-dependent covariate after adjustment for age, sex, diabetes duration, BMI, hypertension, and hypoglycemia, FPG SD was a significant independent risk factor for retinopathy. CONCLUSION: In type 2 diabetic patients, FPG variability is a risk factor for diabetic retinopathy independent of the mean FPG or HbA1c. 
Iron deficiency (ID) and beta thalassemia trait (betaTT) are the most common causes of hypochromia and microcytosis. This study evaluates the reliability of some of the red blood cell (RBC) indices and the formulas used in the differentiation between betaTT and ID in a cohort of 458 children aged between 1.8 and 7.5 years (mean age 5.6+/-1.7 years) with mild hypochromic microcytic anemia. Within this group, 243 were confirmed with ID and 215 with betaTT. Red cell indices derived from automated red cell analyzers were used to evaluate the following discriminant indices and formulas: Mentzer Index (MI), Green and King Index (G&K), England and Fraser Index (E&F), RBC Distribution Width Index (RDWI), RBC distribution width (RDW) and RBC count. Sensitivity (SENS), specificity (SPEC), positive and negative prognostic value, efficiency (EFF) and Youden's Index (YI) were evaluated. For each index or formula Gauss curves were constructed. The highest SENS was obtained with RDWI (78.9%), while the highest SPEC and YI with E&F (99.1 and 64.2% respectively), the highest EFF (80.2%) with G&K. Gauss curves obtained from betaTT and ID children showed a different degree of overlap for each formula or index. In conclusion, none of RBC indices or formulas appears reliable to discriminate between betaTT and ID subjects.
Urinary arsenic concentration is often used as a biomarker of arsenic exposure. First morning void (FMV) and spot urine samples from 131 participants in southeastern Michigan were analyzed using an HPLC-IC-PMS system for six different arsenic species: arsenobetaine (AsB), arsenite (As[III]), arsenate (As[V]), methylarsonous acid MMA[III], methylarsenic acid MMA[V], and dimethylarsenic DMA[V]. Bland-Altman plots, intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs), and Pearson correlation procedures were used to evaluate the relationship between the arsenic species in FMV and spot urine collections after normalizing the samples by specific gravity. DMA[III] and MMA[III] were not detected in any of the samples. The sum of As[III], As[V], MMA[V], and DMA[V] was designated SumAs. The ICC between SumAs in FMV and SumAs in spot samples was 0.90. The ICC showed that 90% of variation comes from between individuals and not within individuals. A significant correlation (r=0.80 p<0.001) was observed between FMV and spot samples for SumAs. The spot sample were a good predictor of the MMA[V] (r=0.83 p<0.0001), and DMA[V] (r=0.77 p<0.0001) in the FMV sample. These associations suggest that either FMV or spot samples can be used as an adequate bioindicator of arsenic metabolites in human urine. The benefit of using spot urine samples, instead of 24-h or FMV urine samples, is the potential reduction in budgetary and logistic requirements in epidemiological studies.
With the rapid development of the field of ecological and evolutionary immunology, a series of new techniques to measure different components of immune function is becoming commonplace. An important step for the interpretation of these new measures is to understand the kind of information about the animal that they convey. We showed that the microbicidal capacity of Stonechat (Saxicola torquata) blood, an integrative measure of constitutive immune function, is highly repeatable when tested against Escherichia coli and not significantly repeatable when tested against Candida albicans. The low repeatability against C. albicans results from relatively low variation among individuals, providing only low resolution to identify if this interindividual variation is consistent. In addition, we explored the effect of sex and age on microbicidal capacity, and found that over a range of ages from 1 to 7 years the blood of older birds had a better capacity to kill microbes. We concluded that, over a time period of weeks, microbicidal capacity of avian blood is an individual-bound trait, that shows consistent interindividual variation partly related to age, and unaffected by sex. This knowledge is important when interpreting the possible evolutionary mechanism underlying immunological differences, for example among individuals, environments and seasons.
Incontinence is one of the most frequently encountered problems in multiple sclerosis (MS), and it has a negative effect on the daily lives of patients. Therefore, it is important to investigate this complaint and start appropriate treatment early. The aim of our study was to demonstrate the validity and reliability of the Turkish-language Incontinence Quality of Life Scale (I-QOL) in patients with MS. We included 37 patients with MS in this study. For analysis of test-retest reliability, we administered the Turkish-language version of I-QOL developed by a "translation-back translation" method to patients on the day of admission and 1 week after admission. To assess validity, we also evaluated patients with the Multiple Sclerosis Quality of Life Scale (MQOL-54) and Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS). We calculated the intraclass correlation coefficient of the I-QOL (total and all subscores) as 0.88 to 0.91 and the Cronbach alpha score as 0.88 to 0.91 (p < 0.05). We found a significant correlation among all subscores of I-QOL and physical and mental subscores of MQOL-54 and EDSS (p < 0.05). Our study has demonstrated the internal consistency and reliability of the I-QOL in the Turkish language in patients with MS.
AIM: To evaluate error levels in hemoglobin A1c (A1C) and glycated albumin (GA) in type 2 diabetic patients due to inter-individual variability. METHODS: Type 2 diabetic patients with stable glycemic control and without complications affecting either A1C or GA were enrolled (n=154; age 68.4+/-9.9 years). Blood examination was performed 1-4h after breakfast or lunch every 2-3 months on > or =3 occasions. A1C data were changed to IFCC values for analysis. RESULTS: A1C and GA correlated significantly with postprandial plasma glucose. The correlation coefficient between A1C and GA was 0.728 (p<0.001) when calculated using raw data and 0.747 (p<0.001) when calculated using averaged data for each patient. The ratio R of GA to A1C was 3.88+/-0.50 for raw data and 3.88+/-0.47 for averaged data, indicating coefficients of variation of R (CV(R)) of 12.9% and 12.1%, respectively. Multiple regression analysis reduced CV(R) to 11.2%. After dividing CV(R)(2) into CV(A1C)(2) and CV(GA)(2), CV(A1C) and CV(GA) were calculated as 9.1% for raw data and 8.6% for averaged data, and were reduced to 7.9% after multiple regression analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Error levels in A1C and GA reach 7.9-9.1%, suggesting the existence of maximal 18% errors in A1C and GA levels. 
Objectives Nitric oxide (NO) concentrations are elevated in sepsis and their vasodilatory action may contribute to the development of hyperdynamic circulatory failure. Hydrocortisone infusion has been reported to reduce nitric oxide metabolite (NOx) concentrations and facilitate vasopressor withdrawal in septic shock. Our aim was to determine whether NOx concentrations relate to (i) protocol-driven vasopressor initiation and withdrawal and (ii) plasma cortisol concentrations, from endogenous and exogenous sources. Demonstration of a relation between NOx, cortisol and vasopressor requirement may provide an impetus towards the study of hydrocortisone-mediated NOx suppression as a tool in sepsis management. Design A prospective study of 62 patients with severe sepsis admitted to the intensive care unit. Measurements Plasma NOx, total and free cortisol, and corticosteroid-binding globulin (CBG) concentrations were measured and related to protocol-driven vasopressor use for 7 days following admission. Results Patients who developed septic shock (n = 35) had higher plasma NOx, total and free cortisol, and lower CBG concentrations than the nonseptic shock group (n = 27). Cortisol, CBG and NOx concentrations correlated with illness severity. Free cortisol, and to a lesser extent total cortisol, but not NOx concentrations, predicted septic shock. NOx concentrations were higher in nonsurvivors, and the concentrations were characteristically stable within individuals but marked interindividual differences were only partly accounted for by illness severity or renal dysfunction. NOx concentrations did not correlate with cortisol, did not relate to vasopressor requirement and did not fall after standard dose hydrocortisone, given for clinical indications. Conclusions Nitric oxide production increased with sepsis severity but did not correlate with plasma cortisol or vasopressor requirement. NOx levels were not suppressed reproducibly by hydrocortisone. High interindividual variability of NOx levels suggests that absolute NOx levels may not be a suitable target for individualized hydrocortisone therapy.
Estradiol concentrations are evaluated in canine serum as part of an adrenal panel used to diagnose atypical Cushing's syndrome and other endocrine abnormalities. Estradiol concentrations are often elevated in dogs without clinical signs of hyperestrogenism, and the significance of this elevation is unknown. The purpose of this study was to estimate the variation in estradiol concentrations in normal dogs. Ten neutered male and female dogs were enrolled in the study. Blood was collected from each dog at 2 h intervals, four times during a given day. This was repeated approximately 1 (week 2) and 5 weeks later (week 6). There was no attempt for a given dog to be started at the exact time or day each week. Results showed that estradiol concentrations ranged from 44.6 to 120.3 pg/mL with a mean of 70.4 pg/mL, which is greater than the upper limit of normal for our laboratory (69 pg/mL). The mean difference between the highest and lowest concentrations for each dog was 28.8 pg/mL, with a range of 12.5-53.5 pg/mL. Mean estradiol concentrations from week 6 (63.2 pg/mL) were significantly lower than those from week 1 (71.4 pg/mL; P=0.015) and week 2 (76.5 pg/mL; P=0.0004). These data show a wide range of variability in estradiol concentration both within and between dogs and that these measurements often exceed the normal ranges established by the laboratory. Therefore, diagnosis of hyperestrogenism or atypical Cushing's syndrome based on increased estradiol concentrations should require compatible clinical presentation of hyperestrogenism together with elevated serum estradiol.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Alkylresorcinols (ARs) have been suggested as specific dietary biomarkers of whole-grain intake. Evaluation of long-term reliability in repeatedly collected samples in population-based studies is needed to assess whether plasma AR reflect long-term exposure and may be used to study exposure-disease relationships in large-scale epidemiologic studies. The objective of this study was to analyze the reliability (reproducibility) of AR concentrations in fasting plasma measured 4 months apart. SUBJECTS/METHODS: AR concentrations (C17:0, C19:0, C21:0, C23:0 and C25:0 and total ARs) were measured in fasting plasma samples from 100 participants from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Potsdam Study with an interval of 4 months between blood sampling. RESULTS: Fasting plasma AR concentrations were not significantly different between the first and second measurement over the 4-month period. Geometric means of total AR concentrations were 48.8 (95% confidence interval (CI)=41.5-57.3) nmol/l at the first and 48.7 (95% CI=41.4-57.4) nmol/l at the second measurement (P=0.99). The intraclass correlation coefficients for total AR concentrations were 0.42 (95% CI=0.25-0.57) for all, 0.55 (95% CI=0.32-0.72) for women, and 0.17 (95% CI=-0.11-0.42) for men. Comparable results were obtained for the individual homologues. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, we observed moderate reliability in concentration of total AR and individual homologues over time, although reliability was weaker in men than in women. These findings should be taken into account when using AR as blood biomarkers for whole-grain intake in large-scale epidemiologic studies. 
A few studies have reported concurrent levels of chlorpyrifos (CPF) and diazinon (DZN) and their environmentally occurring metabolites, 3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridinol (TCP) and 2-isopropyl-6-methyl-4-pyrimidinol (IMP), in food and in environmental media. This information raises questions regarding the reliability of using these same metabolites, TCP and IMP, as urinary biomarkers to quantitatively assess the everyday exposures of children to CPF and DZN, respectively. In this study, we quantified the distributions of CPF, DZN, TCP, and IMP in several environmental and personal media at the homes and day-care centers of 127 Ohio preschool children and identified the important sources and routes of their exposures. The children were exposed to concurrent levels of these four chemicals from several sources and routes at these locations. DZN and IMP were both detected above 50% in the air and dust samples. CPF and TCP were both detected in greater than 50% of the air, dust (solid), food, and hand wipe samples. TCP was detected in 100% of the urine samples. Results from our regression models showed that creatinine levels (<0.001), and dietary (P<0.001) and inhalation (P<0.10) doses of TCP were each significant predictors of urinary TCP, collectively explaining 27% of the urinary TCP variability. This information suggests that measurement of urinary TCP did not reliably allow quantitative estimation of the children's everyday environmental exposures to CPF.
BACKGROUND: Matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization time-of-flight (MALDI-TOF) proteomic signature might be of interest for the early detection and staging of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). However, published procedures have been criticized for the lack of data about analytical reproducibility, and the use of inadequate data processing. METHODS: MALDI-TOF profiling of peptides bound to serum albumin ("albuminome") was performed using 90 L of serum from 45 study subjects (HCV-related cirrhosis, small, unifocal HCCs and advanced HCCs). To overcome the large intra-sample variability, a Quality Assurance protocol was implemented, and 4-8 samples for each subject were processed and analyzed. Overall, 522 subject samples and 299 quality-control spectra were analyzed. A machine-learning approach (Random Forest) was applied to analyze the data sets. RESULTS: Mean intra-sample coefficient of variation (CV) of the analytical procedure was 17.6%-30.0%; inter-subject CV was in the range 48.8%-71.3% among the three study groups. The Random Forest procedure correctly classified 433/522 "patient samples" and 295/299 "reference samples"; 43/45 patients were correctly classified following this approach. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that, notwithstanding the large analytical variability found, multiple proteomic profiles obtained from each subject can differentiate cirrhosis with and without HCC, and HCCs with and without vascular invasion, warranting further investigation in a prospective setting. 
This study examined the relationship between feed efficiency and performance, and feeding behavior, blood metabolic variables, and various ultrasonic measurements in finishing beef heifers. Within-animal repeatability estimates of feed intake and behavior, performance, feed efficiency, ultrasonic body measures, and plasma analytes across the growing and finishing stages of the lifespan of the animal were also calculated. Fifty heifers previously ranked as yearlings on phenotypic residual feed intake (RFI) were used. Animals [initial BW = 418 (SD = 31.5) kg] were offered a TMR diet consisting of 70:30 concentrate and corn silage on a DM basis (ME 10.7 MJ/kg of DM; DM 530 g/kg) for 84 d. Feeding duration (min/d) and feeding frequency (events/d) were calculated for each animal on a daily basis using a computerized feeding system. Ultrasonic kidney fat and lumbar and rump fat and muscle depths were recorded on 3 equally spaced occasions during the experimental period. Blood samples were collected by jugular venipuncture on 4 occasions during the experimental period and analyzed for plasma concentrations of IGF-I, insulin, and various metabolites. Phenotypic RFI was calculated for all animals as the residuals from a regression model regressing DMI on ADG and midtest BW(0.75). Repeatability was calculated for several traits both within and between production phase using intraclass correlation and Pearson correlation coefficients as appropriate. Overall ADG, DMI, G:F, and RFI were 1.17 kg/d (SD = 0.19), 10.81 kg/d (SD = 1.02), 0.11 kg of BW gain/kg of DM (SD = 0.02), and 0.00 kg of DM/d (SD 0.59). Daily feeding events and eating rate tended to be positively correlated (P = 0.08) with RFI. Ultrasonic kidney fat depth tended to be related to G:F (r = -0.28; P = 0.07), and kidney fat accretion tended to be related to RFI (r = 0.29; P = 0.08). Plasma urea (r = 0.38; P < 0.01), -hydroxybutyrate (r = 0.40; P < 0.01), and insulin (r = 0.23; P = 0.07) concentrations were correlated with RFI. Plasma glucose (r = -0.25; P = 0.07), glucose:insulin (r = 0.33; P < 0.05), and insulin (r = -0.30; P < 0.05) were associated with G:F. However, systemic IGF-I was unrelated (P > 0.10) to any measure of feed efficiency. Repeatability estimates within the finishing period for DMI, feeding duration, feeding events, feed intake/feeding event, and eating rate were 0.34, 0.37, 0.60, 0.62, and 0.56, respectively. Repeatability estimates (P < 0.001) between the growing and finishing phases for DMI, G:F, and RFI were r = 0.61, r = 0.37, and r = 0.62, respectively. Moderate to strong repeatability values (ranging from r = 0.40 to 0.76; P < 0.001) were obtained for feeding behavior traits between the yearling and finishing phases. We conclude that RFI and feeding behavior are repeatable traits and that some plasma analytes may be potential indicators of RFI in beef cattle.
AIMS: The purpose of this sub-study of the Outcome Reduction with Initial Glargine Intervention (ORIGIN) trial was to determine efficacy and safety of targeting normal fasting plasma glucose (FPG) levels in patients with early Type 2 diabetes treated with insulin glargine in comparison with standard care. METHODS: Participants were randomly allocated to insulin or standard care. Insulin was titrated to reach FPG <or= 5.3 mmol/l. Two years after randomization in a small subset (43 glargine, 32 standard care), continuous glucose measurement (CGMS System Gold), including a test meal, was performed. Sixteen volunteers with normal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) served as control subjects. Objectives were glycaemic variability, standard deviation (sd), mean amplitude of glucose excursion (MAGE) with postprandial glucose excursion after the test meal, time spent < 3.0 mmol/l interstitial glucose. RESULTS: Participants allocated to insulin and standard care had FPG levels of 5.3 and 6.1 mmol/l (P = 0.019) and glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)) 5.7% and 5.9%, respectively (P < 0.025). Time (min/24 h) spent at low glucose levels was not significantly different between groups (30.6 +/- 83.8 min control subjects, 33.7 +/- 75.1 min insulin, 10.6 +/- 50.6 min standard care). Standard deviation and MAGE were similar for glargine and standard care, but significantly higher than in control subjects. If FPG was < 5.3 mmol/l, the postprandial glucose excursion was in the range seen in control subjects. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment to target of FPG < 5.3 mmol/l with insulin glargine was not associated with significantly increased risk of hypoglycaemia. Strict control of FPG with insulin glargine was effective to control postprandial glucose excursion, but had no significant effect on sd and MAGE. 
The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationships between job stress and indicators of autonomic nervous system activity in employees of the manufacturing industry. A total of 140 employees from a company that manufactures consumer goods (i.e., diapers and paper towels) were recruited for participation in this study. Job stress was assessed using Karasek's Job Content Questionnaire. Heart rate variability (HRV) was measured using a heart rate monitor, and urinary catecholamines were measured by an HPLC-ECD. Information on demographic characteristics, previous job history, smoking status and alcohol consumption was also collected. Job stress did not have a significant effect on HRV or catecholamines. However, low-frequency HRV was significantly higher in the high-strain group of subjects with a short duration of employment. Low- and high-frequency HRV were higher in the high-strain group than in the low-strain group, but these differences were not statistically significant. The results of the present study indicate that low-frequency HRV was significantly higher in the high-strain group of subjects with a short duration of employment. In addition, the results of this study show that HRV can be used as a potential physiologic indicator of job stress in employees with a short duration of employment.
PURPOSE: To investigate the short-term reproducibility of black-blood dynamic contrast-enhanced (DCE) magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in atherosclerotic rabbits to evaluate the potential of this technique to be a reliable readout of plaque progression and/or regression upon therapeutic intervention. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Atherosclerotic rabbits were imaged at baseline and 24 hours later with DCE-MRI on a 1.5T MRI system. DCE-MRI images were analyzed by calculating the area under the signal intensity versus time curve (AUC). Intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) were used to evaluate interscan, intraobserver, and interobserver reproducibility. In addition, the test-retest coefficient of variation (CoV) was evaluated. RESULTS: Statistical analyses showed excellent interscan, intraobserver, and interobserver agreement. All ICCs were greater than 0.75, P < 0.01 indicating excellent agreement between measurements. CONCLUSION: Experimental results show good interscan and excellent intra- and interobserver reproducibility, suggesting that DCE-MRI could be used in preclinical settings as a read-out for novel therapeutic interventions for atherosclerosis. This preliminary work encourages investigating the reproducibility of DCE-MRI also in clinical settings, where it could be used for monitoring high-risk patients and in longitudinal clinical drug trials. 
BACKGROUND: Anion gap (AG) is a useful index for assessing the clinical condition of critically ill patients especially in intoxication. Recently, AG can be obtained easily using a blood gas analyzer (BGA); however, its reliability requires validation. METHODS: We enrolled patients who simultaneously underwent blood gas analysis and blood test in the central hospital laboratory and patients who visited the emergency department of our hospital from January 1, 2004, to December 31, 2007. The deviation of AG calculated using the BGA and that calculated by the central hospital laboratory were extracted. From the data obtained using the BGA, the independent risk factor causing a significant error in AG was statistically analyzed. RESULTS: A total of 2922 patients were enrolled, of which 339 were defined as the significant error group. Male sex, abnormal Hco(3)(-), abnormal lactate, abnormal K, abnormal Cl, and abnormal Na were the independent risk factors producing the significant error. The results indicate that regardless of whether the original electrolyte data of the patients are abnormal, when the electrolyte measurement results obtained using the BGA are abnormal, the calculated AG might show a significant error. In addition, the fact that lactate was determined as a risk factor indicates that AG might be more useful in patients who have intoxication than in those under an unstable state in terms of vital signs. CONCLUSION: When risk factors are present, the medical condition of a patient should be reevaluated by comparing results without heavily relying on the AG obtained by a BGA. 
Biological monitoring has become one of the methods to measure exposure, with the advantage that it gives information about the concentration of a substance that actually enters the body and reflects the inter-individual differences in uptake and metabolic variation. However, limited information is available on inter- and intra-individual variability of biomarkers. The aim of this study was to gather information about the biological component of inter-individual variation in biomarkers using results from volunteer studies. Open literature and other (internal) sources were searched to find human volunteer studies utilizing biological monitoring. Ultimately 41 studies were included in our analysis, with a total of 6747 observations for one or more biomarkers from 223 volunteers. The data from these studies were grouped on the basis of study, substance under investigation, exposure route, biological matrix, exposure duration, dose and number of exposure events to obtain 278 homogeneous groups (strata) for statistical analysis. Variability was assessed in two ways. Firstly, estimates of biomarker half-life were calculated for each individual, thereby allowing the estimation of inter-individual variability in half-lives within the homogeneous groups. Secondly, variation in biomarker concentrations at a given time point was estimated. For estimated half-lives the GSDs ranged from 1.0 to 6.8. The variability in estimated half-lives did not differ much for the different types of substances. For concentrations at a given time point the average GSDs within strata ranged from 1.0 to 5.6. Again, variability did not differ much for different groups (e.g., type of substance). The median variability component was 0.11 (range 0-3.0). In conclusion, volunteer studies enable the estimation of both variation in half-lives and variation in biomarker levels in the well-defined homogeneous groups. Comparison of our results with other studies indicates that variation due to biological differences within and between people is quite substantial in homogeneous exposure groups. The relative contribution of this biological component to the total variation will be smaller when variance components are estimated in less homogeneous groups, such as those in occupational and environmental settings.
The purpose of this study was to elucidate the relationship between strict control of blood glucose (BG) and mortality reduction with the use of an artificial pancreas (AP). Patients were evaluated in the (1) early phase (E phase: mean 3.3  2.6 days after admission, n = 84) and in the (2) late phase (L phase: mean 9.9  3.3 days, n = 88), and were classified into a (1) group with a higher daily mean BG level (BGm) (BGmXa: BGm above Xmg/dl) and a (2) group with a lower BGm (BGmXb: BGm below Xmg/dl). Each group was classified into a (1) subgroup with a higher daily standard deviation of the BG levels (BGsd) and a (2) subgroup with a lower BGsd. In the E phase, the (1) mortality of the BGm200a group was significantly higher than that of the BGm200b group (56 vs. 29%, p < 0.05), and (2) in the BGm200b group, the mortality of the subgroup with a BGsd above 14 mg/dl was significantly higher than that with a BGsd below 14 mg/dl (46 vs. 17%, p < 0.025). In the L phase, the mortality of the BGm175a group was significantly higher than that of the BGm175b group (50 vs. 28%, p < 0.05). In conclusion, (1) a higher BGm and (2) higher BGsd in the E phase were prognostic risk factors. Based on the findings, it was considered that the target for BG control should be set at (1) BGm below 200 mg/dl and BGsd below 14 mg/dl in the E phase, and (2) BGm below 175 mg/dl in the L phase.
Cytochrome P450 2D6 (CYP2D6) is an enzyme with a large interindividual variability in its metabolic activity due to genetic polymorphisms. In the present study, both its intrinsic metabolic activity (CL(int,CYP2D6,app)) relative to extensive metabolizers (EM) and its variability were estimated by analyzing the urinary metabolic ratios (MR) based on the well-stirred model. Sparteine and debrisoquine were considered to be appropriate probes for our methodology, whereas dextromethorphan was not appropriate since the formation of its metabolite of interest is not described by the well-stirred model. From the analysis of MRs of sparteine and debrisoquine for Caucasian subjects in the literature, CL(int,CYP2D6,app) for intermediate metabolizers (IM) was estimated to be approximately 15% of that for EM. The coefficient of variability (CV) of CL(int,CYP2D6,app) was estimated to be approximately 60% for both EM and IM and 100% for the combined population of ultrarapid metabolizer, EM and IM [i.e., the non-poor metabolizer (non-PM) population]. Simulation of exposure in the non-PM population showed that the CV of exposure was 140% for dextromethorphan and 71% for metoprolol, which reflected the reported values of 110% and 53% for dextromethorphan and metoprolol, respectively. The present study should be useful for predicting the interindividual variability in exposure to investigational drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) study equation and the Cockcroft-Gault (CG) equation perform poorly in the (near-) normal range of GFR. Whether this is due to the level of GFR as such or to differences in individual characteristics between healthy individuals and patient with chronic kidney disease (CKD) is unknown. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: We evaluated the performance of MDRD, CG per BSA (CG/(BSA)) and Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CKD-EPI) equations compared with measured GFR (mGFR; I-iothalamate) at 4 months before and 2 months after donation in 253 consecutive living kidney donors. RESULTS: mGFR declined from 103  15 to 66  11 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) after donation. All equations underestimated mGFR at both time points. Arithmetic performance analysis showed improved performance after donation of all equations, with significant reduction of bias after donation. Expressed as percentage difference, mGFR-estimated GFR (eGFR) bias was reduced after donation only for CG/(BSA). Finally, in 295 unselected individuals who were screened for donation, mGFR was below the cutoff for donation of 80 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) in 19 individual but in 166, 98, and 74 for MDRD, CDK-EPI, and CG/(BSA), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: A higher level of GFR as such is associated with larger absolute underestimation of true GFR by eGFR. For donor screening purposes, eGFR should be interpreted with great caution; when in doubt, true GFR should be performed to prevent unjustified decline of prospective kidney donors. 
The domestic chicken (Gallus domesticus) has emerged as a powerful experimental model for studying the onset and progression of spontaneous epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) with a disease prevalence that can exceed 35% between 2 and 7 years of age. An experimental strategy for biomarker discovery is reported herein that combines the chicken model of EOC, longitudinal plasma sample collection with matched tissues, advanced mass spectrometry-based proteomics, and concepts derived from the index of individuality (Harris, Clin Chem 20: 1535-1542, 1974). Blood was drawn from 148 age-matched chickens starting at 2.5 years of age every 3 months for 1 year. At the conclusion of the 1 year sample collection period, the 73 birds that remained alive were euthanized, necropsied, and tissues were collected. Pathological assessment of resected tissues from these 73 birds confirmed that five birds (6.8%) developed EOC. A proteomics workflow including in-gel digestion, nanoLC coupled to high-performance mass spectrometry, and label-free (spectral counting) quantification was used to measure the biological intra-individual variability (CV(W)) of the chicken plasma proteome. Longitudinal plasma sample sets from two birds within the 73-bird biorepository were selected for this study; one bird was considered "healthy" and the second bird developed late-stage EOC. A total of 116 proteins from un-depleted plasma were identified with 80 proteins shared among all sample sets. Analytical variability (CV(A)) of the label-free proteomics workflow was measured using a single plasma sample analyzed five times and was found to be CV(W) in both birds for 16 proteins (20%) and in either bird for 25 proteins (31%). Ovomacroglobulin (ovostatin) was found to increase (p<0.001) over a 6 month period in the late-stage EOC bird providing an initial candidate protein for further investigation.
OBJECTIVE: A 2008 report from the American Academy of Pediatrics recommended both population and individual approaches (including pharmacologic interventions) for adolescents who had low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels above various cutoff points (130, 160, and 190 mg/dL). However, the tracking and variability of these very high levels have not been investigated. METHODS: A total of 6827 subjects underwent multiple LDL cholesterol determinations in childhood and adulthood in the Bogalusa Heart Study. The total number of determinations was 26748, and the median interval between examinations was 3 years. RESULTS: Correlations between initial and subsequent LDL cholesterol levels ranged from r approximately 0.8 for measurements made within the same year to r approximately 0.5 for periods of > or = 20 years. Most children who had very high LDL cholesterol levels, however, had substantially lower levels at the next examination. LDL cholesterol levels between 160 and 189 mg/dL (n = 201) decreased, on average, by 21 mg/dL at the next examination, whereas levels of > or = 190 mg/dL (n = 44) decreased by 34 mg/dL. In contrast, the mean increase for LDL cholesterol levels of <70 mg/dL was 13 mg/dL. These changes were equal to those expected on the basis of regression to the mean. CONCLUSIONS: There can be large changes in extreme levels of LDL cholesterol because of regression to the mean, and practitioners should be aware that very high levels may decrease substantially in the absence of any intervention. 
PURPOSE: The importance of oxidative stress in both the formation and the course of glaucoma has been known. Among the antioxidants, vitamin E possesses the specific effects and regulatory mechanisms of a neurohormone. The serum oxidant/antioxidant profile is reportedly altered in ocular pathologies. In this study, we analyzed the effect of the clinical parameters of glaucoma and biochemical data on antioxidants and serum oxidative stress markers as oxidation degradation products. METHODS: In this multicenter case control study, control and patient groups consisted of 31 healthy individuals and 160 glaucoma patients with no known additional abnormalities, respectively. We analyzed the oxidation degradation products malonyl dialdehyde (MDA), advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP), antioxidants, vitamins E and A, Serine (Ser), superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (Gpx), transferrine (TF), and total antioxidant capacity (TADA). All of these parameters and their relationships with serum cholesterol, glucose, protein, albumin, triglyceride levels, age, gender, visual acuities, intraocular pressure (IOP), c/d ratio, gonioscopic findings, medications, presence of pseudoexfoliation (px), central visual field and Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) data, pachymetry, and Laplace values, were evaluated individually. Statistical comparisons were performed among them, and with the control group as well. RESULTS: TADA, AOPP, SOD, and Gpx were found to be decreased, and MDA, Ser, TF, vitamins A and E increased in the patient group. All data, excluding AOPP, varied significantly. Vitamin E was the most consistent parameter. CONCLUSIONS: In this study, the association between glaucoma and lipid oxidation was shown on a systematic basis, and the significance of vitamin E as a neuroprotective agent has been revealed once more. 
An accurate assessment of iron status in dialysis patients is important because both anemia and overtreatment with erythropoiesis-stimulating agents are associated with poor clinical outcomes. We have previously shown that both analytical and intra-individual (biological) variability in serum ferritin limits its utility as a proxy for iron stores in patients in this setting. As hepcidin is a direct regulator of iron status, its measurement might be useful for monitoring patients with iron dysregulation. We assessed short-term intra-individual variation of serum hepcidin in 28 patients with stable chronic kidney disease on hemodialysis. The intra-individual variability for serum hepcidin ranged from 9-79% during an initial 2-week to 12-85% over a 6-week period. The concentration of serum hepcidin was significantly correlated with serum C-reactive protein levels over the 6-week study period. Hence, significant intra-individual variability of hepcidin is likely dependent on short-term fluctuations in the inflammatory state. Thus, our results suggest that short-term measurement of serum hepcidin should not be used to guide clinical decisions regarding management of iron status in chronic hemodialysis patients.
Growth hormone (GH) measurements are routinely used for important treatment decisions in patients with acromegaly, yet their reliability is affected by numerous factors including assay precision and variability, sampling intensity, and hormone pulsatility. The day-to-day variation in GH in acromegaly has not been studied. This study quantified the magnitude of day-to-day GH variability in patients with acromegaly by performing an analysis of previously obtained plasma GH profiles. The analysis was performed at the Michigan Clinical Research Unit at the University of Michigan. A total of nine 48 h Q10 min GH profiles obtained in nine patients with active acromegaly were examined. The study was planned after data collection and analysis was conducted using Altman-Bland methods. Day 1 vs. Day 2 values were examined. 95% confidence intervals of the D2 vs. D1 ratios were calculated on all individual subject data as well as on a single 0800 h GH sample and composite mean data for 2-, 5-, 9-, and 24-h sampling protocols. Confidence interval range was 0.66-1.50 for the 0800 h sample and was similar for all sampling protocols except somewhat more narrow for the 24-h sampling (0.75-1.32). Daily variations in GH levels introduce an additional confounding element when using a single GH level or even daily GH curves to assess a patient's GH milieu. It may have an impact on result interpretation and subsequent treatment decisions especially when GH results are considered borderline.
BACKGROUND: Dynamic variables predict fluid responsiveness and may improve fluid management during surgery. We investigated whether displaying the variability in the pulse oximeter plethysmogram (pleth variability index; PVI) would guide intraoperative fluid management and improve circulation as assessed by lactate levels. METHODS: Eighty-two patients scheduled for major abdominal surgery were randomized into 2 groups to compare intraoperative PVI-directed fluid management (PVI group) versus standard care (control group). After the induction of general anesthesia, the PVI group received a 500-mL crystalloid bolus and a crystalloid infusion of 2 mL  kg(-1)  h(-1). Colloids of 250 mL were administered if the PVI was >13% Vasoactive drug support was given to maintain the mean arterial blood pressure above 65 mm Hg. In the control group, an infusion of 500 mL of crystalloids was followed by fluid management on the basis of fluid challenges and their effects on mean arterial blood and central venous pressure. Perioperative lactate levels, hemodynamic data, and postoperative complications were recorded prospectively. RESULTS: Intraoperative crystalloids and total volume infused were significantly lower in the goal-directed PVI group. Lactate levels were significantly lower in the PVI group during surgery and 48 hours after surgery (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: PVI-based goal-directed fluid management reduced the volume of intraoperative fluid infused and reduced intraoperative and postoperative lactate levels. 
Invasive micropapillary carcinoma (IMPC) of the urinary tract is a well-described variant of the urothelial carcinoma with aggressive clinical behavior. Recent studies have proposed that patients with IMPC on transurethral resection should be treated with radical cystectomy regardless of the pathologic stage. Despite the potentially important therapeutic implications of this diagnosis, interobserver variation in the diagnosis of IMPC has not been studied. Sixty digital images, each from hematoxylin and eosin-stained slides, representing 30 invasive urothelial carcinomas (2 images per case), were distributed to 14 genitourinary subspecialists and each pathologist was requested to classify cases as IMPC or not. These cases included "classic" IMPC (n=10) and urothelial carcinoma with retraction and variably sized nests that might potentially be regarded as IMPC (n=20). The following 13 morphologic features were recorded as positive/negative for all cases independent of the reviewers' diagnoses: columnar cells, elongate nests or processes, extensive stromal retraction, lumen formation with internal epithelial tufting, epithelial ring forms, intracytoplasmic vacuolization, multiple nests within the same lacunar space, back-to-back lacunar spaces, epithelial nest anastomosis/confluence, marked nuclear pleomorphism, peripherally oriented nuclei, randomly distributed nuclei, and tumor nest size. In addition, a mean tumor nest size was calculated for each image based on the number of nuclei spanning the width of the nests. Interobserver reproducibility was assessed and the morphologic features were correlated with the classic IMPC and nonclassic/potential IMPC groups. In addition, the relationships between morphologic features, pathologists' interpretations, and case type (classic IMPC vs. nonclassic/potential IMPC) were evaluated using unsupervised hierarchical clustering analysis. Interobserver reproducibility for a diagnosis of IMPC in the 30 study cases was moderate (kappa: 0.54). Although classification as IMPC among the 10 "classic" IMPC cases was relatively uniform (93% agreement), the classification in the subset of 20 invasive urothelial carcinomas with extensive retraction and varying sized tumor nests was more variable. Multiple nests within the same lacunar space had the highest association with a diagnosis of classic IMPC. These findings suggest that more study of IMPC is needed to identify the individual pathologic features that might potentially correlate with an aggressive outcome and response to intravesical therapy.
The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of a short-term low- or high-carbohydrate (CHO) diet consumed after exercise on sympathetic nervous system activity. Twelve healthy males underwent a progressive incremental test; a control measurement of plasma catecholamines and heart rate variability (HRV); an exercise protocol to reduce endogenous CHO stores; a low- or high-CHO diet (counterbalanced order) consumed for 2 days, beginning immediately after the exercise protocol; and a second resting plasma catecholamine and HRV measurement. The exercise and diet protocols and the second round of measurements were performed again after a 1-week washout period. The mean (+/-SD) values of the standard deviation of R-R intervals were similar between conditions (control, 899.0+/-146.1 ms; low-CHO diet, 876.8+/-115.8 ms; and high-CHO diet, 878.7+/-127.7 ms). The absolute high- and low-frequency (HF and LF, respectively) densities of the HRV power spectrum were also not different between conditions. However, normalized HF and LF (i.e., relative to the total power spectrum) were lower and higher, respectively, in the low-CHO diet than in the control diet (mean+/-SD, 17+/-9 normalized units (NU) and 83+/-9 NU vs. 27+/-11 NU and 73+/-17 NU, respectively; p<0.05). The LF/HF ratio was higher with the low-CHO diet than with the control diet (mean+/-SD, 7.2+/-6.2 and 4.2+/-3.2, respectively; p<0.05). The mean values of plasma catecholamines were not different between diets. These results suggest that the autonomic control of the heart rate was modified after a short-term low-CHO diet, but plasma catecholamine levels were not altered.
This study investigates the relationship between variability in serum C-reactive protein levels in sows and their offspring and the values of selected blood indices. The study covered sows (Polish Large White x Polish Landrace) and suckling piglets (aged 21 +/- 3 and 37 +/- 3 days) by Duroc x Pietrain boars. The following serum indices where determined in sows and piglets: CRP, TIBC (total iron-binding capacity), iron, transferrin saturation, total cholesterol (Chol) and HDL-ch. Peripheral blood morphology was studied only in sows. Serum CRP concentrations in sows (if not modified by factors that have an adverse effect on blood indices) were related to CRP content in their offspring. No correlation was found between variability in serum CRP levels in sows and iron, Chol and HDL-ch content. Increased CRP concentrations could be indicative of adverse systemic changes affecting the values of TIBC, Tf saturation, hemoglobin (Hb) and hematocrit (HCT), and red blood cell count (RBC). The relationship between CRP levels and serum indices in piglets was affected by their age. A relatively strong negative correlation between CRP levels, Chol and HDL-ch concentrations was noted in older piglets. A weaker negative correlation was observed between CRP levels and serum iron levels in older and younger piglets, and between CRP levels and Tf saturation in younger ones.
OBJECTIVE: To compare the intra- and interoperator reliability of manual and semi-automated nuchal translucency thickness (NT) measurement by sonographers with different levels of experience. METHODS: From our digital database we selected retrospectively 70 NT images without measurements and of highest quality according to the guidelines of The Fetal Medicine Foundation (FMF). Four operators (two experts who were consultants in fetal medicine, one general consultant in obstetrics and gynecology with average knowledge in obstetric ultrasound and one final-year medical student with no experience in ultrasound), having first attended the FMF's online NT measurement course, measured the fetal NT manually according to FMF guidelines and semi-automatically from the inner to inner borders of the two echogenic lines delineating the NT and from the inner border to the middle of the lower NT line. The semi-automatic measurement algorithm identifies the two NT lines within a manually chosen region of interest and standardizes the caliper placement process. Each operator was blinded to any pre-existing measurements. Each measurement was performed twice by each operator. Intraoperator repeatability was assessed by the within-operator SD and intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC). Interoperator reliability was assessed by comparison with the mean manual measurement of the experts, which was considered as the gold standard. RESULTS: The mean NT measurement of the four sonographers was between 1.9 and 2.0 mm with both the manual and the semi-automated inner-inner NT measurement and it was between 2.2 and 2.3 mm with the semi-automated inner-middle method. The within-operator SDs of the manual measurement for both experts were similar and significantly lower than those of the non-experts, and all four sonographers performed similarly with the semi-automated measurement. Concerning the interoperator biases relative to the manual measurements of the experts taken as the gold standard, the manual measurements of the student and the general consultant were significantly lower, by 0.18 mm and 0.12 mm. The semi-automated inner-inner measurements of all four sonographers were much closer to the gold standard, although there was still a significant underestimation (mean differences from gold standard between 0.04 and 0.06 mm). With the semi-automated inner-middle measurement there was a significant and more pronounced overestimation of fetal NT compared with the gold standard, relative biases ranging from 0.08 to 0.23 mm above it. CONCLUSION: Semi-automation of NT measurement leads to improved standardization of the NT assessment process. In particular, non-expert operators improve as the variability in their caliper placement can be reduced to the level of experts. However, the most important contributor to the inter- and intraoperator variability of NT assessment is that of image acquisition, which is not affected by semi-automation of NT measurement. 
BACKGROUND: Phthalates are metabolized and eliminated in urine within hours after exposure. Several reports suggest that concentrations of phthalate metabolites in a spot urine sample can provide a reliable estimation of exposure to phthalates for up to several months. OBJECTIVES: We examined inter- and intraperson and inter- and intraday variability in the concentrations of monoethyl phthalate (MEP), the major metabolite of diethyl phthalate, commonly used in personal care products, and mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP), a metabolite of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), a polyvinyl chloride plasticizer of which diet is the principal exposure source, among eight adults who collected all urine voids (average, 7.6 samples/person/day) for 1 week. METHODS: We analyzed the urine samples using online solid-phase extraction coupled to isotope dilution-high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Regardless of the type of void (spot, first morning, 24-hr collection), for MEP, interperson variability in concentrations accounted for > 75% of the total variance. By contrast, for MEHHP, within-person variability was the main contributor (69-83%) of the total variance. Furthermore, we observed considerable intraday variability in the concentrations of spot samples for MEHHP (51%) and MEP (21%). CONCLUSIONS: MEP and MEHHP urinary concentrations varied considerably during 1 week, but the main contributors to the total variance differed (interday variability, MEHHP; interperson variability, MEP) regardless of the sampling strategy (spot, first morning, 24-hr collection). The nature of the exposure (diet vs. other lifestyle factors) and timing of urine sampling to evaluate exposure to phthalates should be considered. For DEHP and phthalates to which people are mostly exposed through diet, collecting 24-hr voids for only 1 day may not be advantageous compared with multiple spot collections. When collecting multiple spot urine samples, changing the time of collection may provide the most complete approach to assess exposure to diverse phthalates. 
Methylmercury (MeHg) is a bioaccumulative environmental toxin that exerts its effect on fetal and infant neurodevelopment. Mercury concentration in hair is a good biomarker of MeHg accumulation in the body, with seafood being the main source of MeHg in humans. Therefore, modeling the link between food intake and mercury concentration in hair is a key step in assessing the risk of MeHg exposure. Using repeated measurements of diet and mercury concentration in hair, we studied 125 French pregnant women who consumed seafood (e.g., fish, mollusks and crustaceans) and compared their individual estimated dietary MeHg intakes with their hair mercury concentrations. We used a one-compartment toxicokinetic model for these comparisons. We integrated and estimated the between-person variability in MeHg half-life into the model. In a second model, we took into account an intra-individual MeHg intake variability to improve the performance of the toxicokinetic model.
It is widely recognised that the measurement of the arterial input function (AIF) is a key issue and a major source of errors in the pharmacokinetic modelling of dynamic, contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (DCE-MRI) data, and the modality of the AIF determination is still a matter of debate. In this study we addressed the problem of the intrinsic variability of the AIF within the imaged volume of a DCE-MRI scan by systematically investigating the change in the concentration of contrast agent over time and the fit parameters of the derived vascular input function (VIF) obtained from the superior sagittal sinus (SSS) of a patient population that was scanned longitudinally during treatment for high grade glioma. From a total of 82 scanning sessions, we compared the results obtained with three different DCE-MRI protocols and between two different fitting functions. We applied a correction algorithm to the measured concentration-time curves to minimize the effect of the low temporal resolution on the VIF, and investigated the effect of this algorithm on the reproducibility. Finally, where possible, we compared the signal obtained in the SSS to the signal obtained in the middle cerebral artery. We found a good intrapatient reproducibility of both the measured gadolinium concentrations and VIF parameters, and that the variation of the parameters due to slice location within a patient was significantly lower than the intra patient variation. Intrapatient, interscan differences were significantly less marked than inter-patient differences showing a good intraclass correlation coefficient. We did encounter a MRI protocol dependence of the VIF fitting parameters. The correction algorithm significantly improved the reproducibility of the fitting parameters. These results support the idea that the use of a patient specific measured AIF, not necessarily averaged over a large volume, offers a significant benefit with respect to an external AIF or a measured cohort average AIF.
73 staff anesthesiologists were surveyed. Over 70% of respondents used BD as an endpoint of resuscitation.Base Deficit Study: 35 patients were enrolled resulting in 88 arterial blood gases with corresponding Lac. Mean age was 61.4  14.3 years, 43% were male. Mean pH was 7.39  0.05, the mean bicarbonate was 23.0  2.3 meq/L, the mean BD 1.34  2.3, and the mean Lac was 1.58  0.71 mmol/L. Mean ASA risk score was 3.16  0.71. ROC area under the curve for base deficit to detect HL was 0.58.CONCLUSION: BD can often mislead the clinician as to the actual Lac. Lac can now be measured in the OR in real time. Therefore, if clinicians in the operative setting want to know the Lac, it should be measured directly. 
BACKGROUND: Smoking has been associated with a higher incidence of post-hepatic transplantation de novo noncutaneous neoplasms and vascular complications. There are conflicting reports regarding increased posttransplant mortality. OBJECTIVE: The authors sought to determine the reliability of patient-reported nicotine product use (NPU) in candidates for hepatic transplantation. METHOD: The authors performed a retrospective chart review of all patients referred for liver transplantation in a 12-month period. Each patient's report of recent or current nicotine product use through smoking, chewing tobacco, or nicotine replacement products, as obtained in interviews, was compared with the quantitative result of serum cotinine levels. RESULTS: Of 171 patients referred for liver transplant evaluation during a 12-month period, 17% reported ongoing NPU, and 83% denied it. Of the patients who denied recent NPU, 11% had serum cotinine levels reflective of active use. Of the patients reporting active NPU, 97% had positive cotinine levels. CONCLUSION: There was a high degree of reliability of patient self-reported NPU, but detecting deceptive reporting is important in the selection of patients who will have long-term success with liver transplantation. 
BACKGROUND: Cardiac extra-cellular matrix (ECM) fibrosis plays an important role in the pathophysiology of heart failure (HF). It may provide electrical heterogeneity and a substrate for arrhythmogenicity, which may cause sudden cardiac death (SCD). METHODS: Twenty-one patients with manifestations of HF and a left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) 50% were enrolled. The median age was 62 years and median LVEF was 33%. Time- and frequency-domain analysis of heart rate variability (HRV) on 24 h ambulatory electrocardiography recording was assessed. Serum markers of ECM turnover including type I and III aminoterminal propeptide of procollagen (PINP and PIIINP), matrix metalloproteinase-2 and -9 (MMP-2 and MMP-9), and tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-1 (TIMP-1) were analyzed. RESULTS: The serum PIIINP concentration was correlated significantly with standard deviation of all normal to normal R-R intervals (SDNN) (r=-0.722, p=<0.001), percentage of adjacent NN interval differences >50 ms (pNN50) (r=-0.528, p=0.014), percentage of adjacent NN interval differences >20 ms (pNN20) (r=-0.545, p=0.002), very low frequency (VLF) (r=-0.490, p=0.024), low frequency (LF) (r=-0.491, p=0.024), and high frequency (HF) (r=-0.513, p=0.018). PINP, MMP-2, -9, TIMP-1 were not correlated with time- and frequency-domain analysis of HRV. CONCLUSIONS: PIIINP was significantly correlated with time- and frequency-domain analysis of HRV in HF patients. PIIINP is a potential serological marker to evaluate cardiac autonomic control and risk of SCD in HF patients. 
PURPOSE: Determine the repeatability of color Doppler imaging (CDI) measurements in patients with open-angle glaucoma (OAG). PATIENTS AND METHODS: We performed a cross-sectional, observational study of OAG patients participating in the Indianapolis Glaucoma Progression Study. Retrobulbar blood flow velocities and Pourcelot's vascular resistance index (RI) measured with CDI were examined. Two baseline measurements were obtained 1 to 2 weeks apart at the same time of day for all participants. Peak systolic and end diastolic blood flow velocities (PSV/EDV) were measured in the ophthalmic (OA), central retinal (CRA), and nasal and temporal short posterior ciliary arteries (N/TPCA) and RI was calculated. Intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) between the 2 baselines was calculated. RESULTS: One hundred and sixteen patients with OAG [mean age 65.9 y (SD 10.9 y), 60% female] were examined in both baseline visits. In the OA, the intraobserver ICC for the PSV, EDV, and RI were all above 0.82. In the CRA, the intraobserver ICC for the PSV and RI were both above 0.8, whereas the EDV was 0.64. The intraobserver ICC in the N/TPCA for the PSV, EDV, and RI ranged from 0.71 to 0.88. The interobserver ICC was similar to the intraobserver ICC for the OA and the CRA but was lower than 0.7 in the EDV and RI of the T/NPCA. CONCLUSIONS: Blood flow velocities and calculated vascular resistance of the OA, CRA, and PCAs conducted within 2 weeks in patients with OAG are repeatable. Intraobserver CDI measurements were found more reproducible than interobserver CDI analysis. 
INTRODUCTION: There is great interest in the nutritional strategies for the prevention of age-related cognitive decline, yet the best methods for nutritional assessment in the populations at risk for dementia are still evolving. Our study objective was to examine the reliability and validity of the 2 common nutritional assessments (plasma nutrient biomarkers and Food Frequency Questionnaire) in the people at risk for dementia. METHODS: Thirty-eight elders, half with amnestic-mild cognitive impairment were recruited. Nutritional assessments were collected together at the baseline and again at 1 month. Intraclass and Pearson correlation coefficients quantified reliability and validity. RESULTS: Twenty-six nutrients were examined. The reliability was very good or better for 77% (20/26, intraclass correlation coefficients or ICC 0.75) of the plasma nutrient biomarkers and for 88% of the food frequency questionnaires (FFQ) estimates. Twelve of the nutrient biomarkers were as reliable as the commonly measured plasma cholesterol (ICC0.92). FFQ and plasma long-chain fatty acids (docosahexaenoic acid, r=0.39, eicosapentaenoic acid, r=0.39) and carotenoids (-carotene, r=0.49; lutein + zeaxanthin, r=0.48; -carotene, r=0.43; -cryptoxanthin, r=0.41) were correlated, but these significant correlations were present only in non-impaired elders. CONCLUSION: The reliability and validity of the FFQ and nutrient biomarkers vary according to the nutrient of interest. Memory deficit attenuates validity and inflates reliability of FFQ reports. Many plasma nutrient biomarkers have very good reliability over 1-month, regardless of memory state. This objective method can circumvent sources of error seen in other less direct and subjective methods of nutritional assessment. 
BACKGROUND: Chronic low-grade systemic inflammation is a key component in atherogenesis. Decreased heart rate variability (HRV), a strong predictor of cardiovascular events, has been associated with elevations in circulating levels of C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin (IL)-6, and fibrinogen in apparently healthy individuals. We investigated whether decreased HRV is associated with inflammatory markers in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD). METHODS: We studied the relationship between HRV and CRP, IL-6, and fibrinogen in 862 outpatients with CHD. All participants provided fasting blood samples and underwent 24-h ambulatory monitoring to assess time-domain measures of HRV (MeanNN, SDNN, SDANN, and RMSSD). Regression analyses were adjusted for age, sex, ethnicity, body mass index, smoking, diabetes, beta blocker use, and cardiopulmonary history. RESULTS: MeanNN, SDNN, and SDANN were significantly and inversely associated with CRP and IL-6 levels in age-adjusted models and after adjustment for all covariates (p0.02). MeanNN, SDNN, and SDANN were also inversely associated with fibrinogen levels in age-adjusted models (p<0.03), but not significantly so in multivariable-adjusted models. Reduced vagal modulation of heart rate (RMSSD) was not significantly associated with any inflammatory measures. CONCLUSIONS: Reduced cardiac autonomic control is associated with increased systemic inflammation in patients with stable CHD. This relationship was largely independent of important covariates. 
AIMS: Increased glucose excursions and postprandial hyperglycaemia have been suggested as unique risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality in patients with diabetes mellitus. Much of the evidence is based on a single 2 h glucose value after oral glucose tolerance testing in epidemiological studies. We examined the association between various indices of glycaemia measured during everyday activities and metabolic CVD risk factors in the A1C-Derived Average Glucose (ADAG) study. METHODS: Participants (268 with type 1 diabetes, 159 with type 2 diabetes) completed 16 weeks of intensive continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) and self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG). From these data, common indices of postprandial glycaemia, overall hyperglycaemia, glucose variability and HbA(c) were derived. The associations between glycaemic indices and known CVD risk factors (lipids, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and blood pressure) were explored in linear regression models. RESULTS: For both diabetes types, the overall strongest associations with CVD risk factors were seen for the measures of average glycaemia (mean blood glucose and HbA(c)). Associations between self-monitored postprandial and fasting glucose and CVD risk factors were weaker, but significant. Measurements of blood glucose variability showed non-significant associations. Overall, calculations based on CGM were not more informative than those based on frequent SMBG. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Mean glycaemia and HbA(c) show consistent and stronger associations with CVD risk factors than fasting glucose or postprandial glucose levels or measures of glucose variability in patients with diabetes. 
BACKGROUND: Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] concentrations can be affected by several environmental and individual factors. It is not clear to what extent genetic influences play a role in determining vitamin D status. Thus far, studies on the heritability of vitamin D have provided conflicting results. OBJECTIVE: We estimated the heritability of vitamin D concentrations and the effect of season on heritability estimates. DESIGN: We measured serum 25(OH)D concentrations in 510 middle-aged, male twins (310 monozygotic and 200 dizygotic twins) selected from the Vietnam Era Twin Registry. Generalized estimating equations were used to test the association between 25(OH)D and other study factors. Structural equation modeling was used to estimate the heritability of 25(OH)D. RESULTS: The twins' mean (SD) age was 55  2.8 y. The mean (SD) 25(OH)D concentration was 38.4  23.3 ng/mL with a substantial seasonal variation (a 6.1-ng/mL lower value during the winter than during the summer, P = 0.003). Approximately 70% of the variation in 25(OH)D concentrations during the winter was explained by genetic factors. However, in the summer, 25(OH)D concentrations were not heritable. During the summer, 53% of the variation in 25(OH)D concentrations was due to shared environmental factors, and 47% of the variation in 25(OH)D concentrations was due to unique environmental factors. CONCLUSIONS: Serum 25(OH)D concentrations are highly heritable during the winter season only. In the summer, environmental conditions (eg, sun exposure) prevail over genetic backgrounds in determining serum 25(OH)D concentrations. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00017836. 
Terbinafine, a widely used antifungal drug, is a challenging molecule for quantitative bioanalysis due to certain factors contributing assay variability. Despite previous attempts at human plasma determination of terbinafine, exhaustive stability of the drug or an internal standard was lacking. Internal standard stability with negligible variation throughout the analysis is an indicator of a reliable bioanalytical method as the majority of LC-MS/MS assays are based on analyte/IS response ratios for quantitation. A newly developed high-throughput simple LC-MS/MS method is described for human plasma determination of terbinafine using naftifine internal standard and eluting all compounds within 2min. A solid-phase extraction of terbinafine achieving mean recovery of 84.3% (CV < 4%) without compromising sensitivity (limit of quantitation 5.11ng/mL) or linearity (5.11-3014.19ng/mL) is delineated in this paper. A heated nebulizer in positive multiple reaction monitoring mode was employed with transitions m/z 292.2 141.1 and 288.2 117.0 for terbinafine and naftifine, respectively, resulting in excellent chromatographic separation on a Hypurity Advance (50 x 4.6mm, 5m) column. The developed method was successfully applied to clinical samples and for the first time demonstrated marked improved extraction efficiency and reliable long-term plasma stability results without any internal standard response variation during the entire course of study.
STUDY TYPE: Diagnostic (exploratory cohort). LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: 2b. OBJECTIVE: To assess variation of total prostate-specific antigen (tPSA), free PSA (fPSA), percent fPSA, human glandular kallikrein 2 (hK2) and intact PSA measured three times within 2 weeks. Knowledge of the variation in an individual's PSA level is important for clinical decision-making. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Study participants were 149 patients referred for prostate biopsy, of which 97 had benign disease and 52 had prostate cancer. Three blood samples were drawn with a median of 4 h between first and second samples and 12 days between first and third samples. Variability was described by absolute differences, ratios and intra-individual coefficients of variation. Total PSA, fPSA, hK2 and intact PSA were measured in anticoagulated blood plasma. RESULTS: At baseline, the median tPSA was 6.8 (interquartile range, 4.5-9.6) ng/mL. The intra-individual variation was low for all biomarkers, and lowest for tPSA. For 80% of participants, the ratio between first and second time points for tPSA was in the range 0.91-1.09 and the ratio for percent fPSA was in the range 0.89-1.15. Total coefficients of variation between time 1 and 2 for tPSA, fPSA, percent fPSA, hK2 and intact PSA were 4.0%, 6.6%, 6.0%, 9.2% and 9.5%, respectively. The measurements taken several days apart varied more than those taken on the same day, although the variation between both time points was not large. CONCLUSIONS: The intra-individual variation for all the kallikrein-like markers studied was relatively small, especially for samples drawn the same day. Few cases are reclassified between the time points. This indicates the high short-term biological and technical reproducibility of the tests in clinical use. 
Although urinary 1,6-hexamethylene diamine (HDA) is a useful biomarker of exposure to 1,6-hexamethylene diisocyanate (HDI), a large degree of unexplained intra- and inter-individual variability exists between estimated HDI exposure and urine HDA levels. We investigated the effect of individual and workplace factors on urine HDA levels using quantitative dermal and inhalation exposure data derived from a survey of automotive spray painters exposed to HDI. Painters' dermal and breathing-zone HDI-exposures were monitored over an entire workday for up to three separate workdays, spaced approximately one month apart. One urine sample was collected before the start of work with HDI-containing paints, and multiple samples were collected throughout the workday. Using mixed effects multiple linear regression modeling, coverall use resulted in significantly lower HDA levels (p = 0.12), and weekday contributed to significant variability in HDA levels (p = 0.056). We also investigated differences in urine HDA levels stratified by dichotomous and classification covariates using analysis of variance. Use of coveralls (p = 0.05), respirator type worn (p = 0.06), smoker status (p = 0.12), paint-booth type (p = 0.02), and more than one painter at the shop (p = 0.10) were all found to significantly affect urine HDA levels adjusted for creatinine concentration. Coverall use remained significant (p = 0.10), even after adjusting for respirator type. These results indicate that the variation in urine HDA level is mainly due to workplace factors and that appropriate dermal and inhalation protection is required to prevent HDI exposure.
Long-term fasting plasma glucose (FPG) variability was a risk factor for proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR) independent of the mean FPG or HbA1c in people with type 2 diabetes. PDR development was also significantly associated with mean HbA1c more than 5 years earlier and with mean FPG more than 10 years earlier.
 Late graft rejection impairs the long-term function of organ transplants in children. Previous studies suggest patients with wide variation in tacrolimus levels may have higher rates of late kidney and liver graft rejection. The reproducibility of this finding and impact on graft and recipient survival have not been reported. We investigated factors associated with late rejection > 6 months post-transplant in 144 heart, kidney, liver, and lung transplant recipients (ages 8-18,  1-yr survivors, receiving tacrolimus-based immunosuppression), comparing late rejectors (n = 61, 42%) to non-rejectors (no rejection > 6 months); groups had similar mean tacrolimus concentrations  6 months post-transplant. For all organ types, increased standard deviation in intrapatient tacrolimus blood levels was an independent risk factor for late rejection (OR 1.6 [CI 1.1-2.1]; p = 0.02). Each 1-point increase in s.d. > 2 of tacrolimus level > 6 months post-transplant associated with 1.58 increase in hazard of graft loss (p = 0.003). Graft survival (conditional on one-yr survival) was significantly better for those with s.d. < 2 at > 6 months post-transplant: 98% at three and five yr, versus 88%, 70%, at three and five yr, in patients with s.d. > 2 (p = 0.003). In conclusion, high s.d. in serial tacrolimus concentrations associated with increased risk of late rejection and graft loss in pediatric organ transplant recipients, providing opportunities for screening and interventions.
1. Recent reports have described the role of osteocalcin in glucose metabolism and glycaemic variability has been proven to be associated with an increased risk of diabetes complications. However, the relationship between osteocalcin and glycaemic variability remains unclear. The aim of the present study was to examine the relationship between serum osteocalcin and glycaemic variability, as determined by a continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) system in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). 2. Fifty-nine T2DM patients with glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) levels between 7.0% and 10.9% were recruited to the present study. Biochemical information and CGM parameters were collected at baseline and after 8 weeks of antihyperglycaemic therapy (either sulphonylurea, sulphonylurea + an -glucosidase inhibitor or insulin + metformin combination therapy). 3. Compared with baseline, serum osteocalcin increased significantly (P = 0.014), whereas parameters related to glucose variability, including the mean amplitude of glycaemic excursions (MAGE) and the standard deviation of blood glucose values, decreased significantly (P < 0.001) after the 8 week treatment period. At baseline, there was a positive correlation between serum osteocalcin levels and fasting C-peptide levels (P = 0.004) and homeostatic model assessment of -cell function (P = 0.048), but a negative correlation between serum osteocalcin levels and fasting plasma glucose (P = 0.023), HbA1c (P = 0.020), glycated albumin (P = 0.019) and 24 h mean blood glucose (P < 0.001). Multiple stepwise regression analysis indicated that baseline osteocalcin was the single parameter that best predicted the change in MAGE ( = -0.122; P = 0.039). 4. In conclusion, serum osteocalcin concentrations increased with improved glucose control. High initial osteocalcin levels were associated with subsequent improvements in glucose variability during glucose-lowering treatment.
OBJECTIVE: We aimed to verify whether microcirculatory blood flow variability (MBFV) parameters calculated from beat-to-beat laser Doppler flowmetry (LDF) waveforms can be used instead of microcirculatory blood flow (MBF) as an index to discriminate different local microcirculatory regulation in terms of the opening condition of arteriolar openings (AO) at different sites. METHODS: Angiotensin II (Ang-II) was administered to nine healthy male rats. LDF probes were placed on their renal cortex and plantar palm. The pulse width (PW) and coefficient of variance of the flux () for all the pulses within a data sequence was calculated to evaluate the AO's opening condition. RESULTS: Monitoring and prediction linear-regression analyses revealed significant positive -vs- (mean flux) and PW-vs- slopes at renal cortex for their changes relative to the baseline values. CONCLUSION: The present results suggest that these parameters calculated from the beat-to-beat LDF waveform could be useful for monitoring MBF by administering Ang-II. Moreover, possible time-domain causal relation between changes in  and these parameters was revealed, which may allow the prediction of changes in MBF that occur 10-30 min thereafter. Deeper understanding of MBFV parameters could be useful in monitoring of progression of cardiovascular diseases and in predicting the efficacy of specific therapies. 
The variation in hair coat and skin histology traits of Criollo Limonero cattle was analyzed using 213 Criollo Limonero females. Skin biopsies were obtained from slick-haired (N=16) and normal-haired (N=14) animals. Measured traits included hair length (HL), color coat (CC), number of hair follicles per square centimeter (NHF), sweat glands per square centimeter (NSG), sweat glands size (SGS), sebaceous glands per square centimeter (NSBG), blood vessels per square centimeter (NBV), and thickness of epidermis (TE). Hair length differed (P<0.001) between slick- and normal-haired animals (4.9  0.12 vs 10.9  0.20, respectively). Differences (P<0.01) in CC (Bayo= 144/67.6% vs Red = 69/32.4%) and HL (slick-haired = 199/93.4% vs normal-haired = 14/6.5%) were found. Distribution of slick- and normal-haired animals differed (P<0.01) between bayo-coated and red-coated (139/62.2% vs 9/4.2%; respectively). Most (P<0.05) red-coated animals belonged to a single family. No differences (P>0.05) were found between slick-haired and normal-haired animals in NHF (637  164 vs 587  144, respectively), NSG (556  134 vs 481  118, respectively), NSBG (408  87 vs 366  77, respectively), NBV (1628  393 vs 1541  346, respectively), and TE (1.24  0.14 vs 1.32  0.12, respectively). However, SGS was greater (P<0.01) in slick-haired than normal-haired animals. In conclusion, Criollo Limonero cattle are predominantly bayo-coated, slick-haired, with a reduced number of hair follicles relative to Zebu cattle, sweat and sebaceous glands in proportion to hair follicle numbers, and with a high blood flow irrigating the skin. There is a sub-group of red-coated animals with yellow or cream skin, thicker epidermis, and with a higher frequency of normal-haired animals. It appears that the slick hair gene has been favored by natural selection in this breed.
Urine is a readily and noninvasively obtainable body fluid. Mass spectrometry (MS)-based proteomics has shown that urine contains thousands of proteins. Urine is a potential source of biomarkers for diseases of proximal and distal tissues but it is thought to be more variable than the more commonly used plasma. By LC-MS/MS analysis on an LTQ-Orbitrap without prefractionation we characterized the urinary proteome of seven normal human donors over three consecutive days. Label-free quantification of triplicate single runs covered the urinary proteome to a depth of more than 600 proteins. The median coefficient of variation (cv) of technical replicates was 0.18. Interday variability was markedly higher with a cv of 0.48 and the overall variation of the urinary proteome between individuals was 0.66. Thus technical variability in our data was 7.5%, whereas intrapersonal variability contributed 45.5% and interpersonal variability contributed 47.1% to total variability. Determination of the normal fluctuation of individual urinary proteins should be useful in establishing significance thresholds in biomarker studies. Our data also allowed definition of a common and abundant set of 500 proteins that were readily detectable in all studied individuals. This core urinary proteome has a high proportion of secreted, membrane, and relatively high-molecular weight proteins.
BACKGROUND: Glucose tolerance can be assessed noninvasively using (13)C-labeled glucose added to a standard oral glucose load, by measuring isotope-enriched CO(2) in exhaled air. In addition to the clear advantage of the noninvasive measurements, this approach may be of value in overcoming the high variability in blood glucose determination. METHODS: We compared within-individual variability of breath CO(2) isotope enrichment with that for blood glucose in a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) by adding 150mg of d-[(13)C]glucose ((13)C 99%) to a standard 75-g glucose load. Measurements of whole blood glucose (by glucose oxidase) and breath isotope enrichment (by isotope ratio mass spectrometry) were made every 30 min for 3h. Subjects underwent three repeat tests over a 3-week period. Values for variability of breath isotope enrichment at 3h (180) and of area under the curve for enrichment to 180 min (AUC180) were compared with variability of the 2-h OGTT blood glucose. RESULTS: Breath test-derived measures exhibited lower within-subject variability than the 2-h OGTT glucose. The coefficient of variation for 180 was 7.43.9% (meanSD), for AUC180 was 9.46.3%, and for 2-h OGTT blood glucose was 137.1% (P=0.005 comparing 180 versus 2-h blood glucose; P=0.061 comparing AUC180 versus 2-h blood glucose; P=0.03 comparing 180 versus AUC180). CONCLUSIONS: Breath test-derived measurements of glucose handling had lower within-subject variability versus the standard 2-h blood glucose reading used in clinical practice. These findings support further development of this noninvasive method for evaluating glucose tolerance. 
BACKGROUND: The prototypical intracranial pressure (ICP) pulse morphology has been well known to be triphasic. Several studies suggest that the morphology of ICP pulse reflects the physiological and pathophysiological conditions of the intracranial dynamics. Recently, there has been a renaissance of studying ICP pulse using new ICP signal processing technologies in various clinical contexts. Cerebral blood flow velocity (CBFV) pulse is another important pulsatile signal originated from the complex circulatory systems of cerebral blood flow. However, CBFV pulse morphology has not been well studied mainly due to the noise level and lack of signal processing techniques. METHODS: Our group recently developed a technique called the morphological clustering and analysis of intracranial pressure that can extract a comprehensive set of pulse morphological metrics. We extend this algorithm to extract various morphological metrics from ICP and CBFV pulses that were simultaneously recorded from 47 brain injury patients and investigate the mutual correlation between those metrics utilizing the robust percentage bend correlation analysis. RESULTS: Our results show that CBFV pulses are also triphasic as ICP pulses and 15.2% of 128 pulse morphological metrics extracted from ICP and CBFV pulses are highly correlated (P < 0.01) in an inter-subject fashion. In addition, mean ICP does not correlate (P = 0.45) with the pulsatility index of CBFV pulses but correlates (P < 0.05) with several novel CBFV pulse morphological metrics such as the time interval between the onset of CBFV pulses and ECG QRS peak. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that characterizing CBFV pulse morphology is clinically important because it may offer a potential noninvasive alternative to assess various aspects of ICP such as mean ICP. 
Proteomics is undergoing a rapid transformation from a qualitative global peptide sequencing discipline into a quantitative, reproducibility-driven practice. Nowhere is this more evident than in the rapidly expanding field of protein biomarker discovery where the general goal is to uncover statistically robust patterns of differential expression between or among subjects/samples representing distinct biological/temporal states. This report presents the analytical characterization of a label-free LC FT-ICR-MS workflow for differential proteomics analysis of human plasma. The key elements discussed include (i) methodologies for performing properly replicated experiments with highly reproducible sample preparation and analysis, including the use of internal standards to quantify variance at different steps in the process, (ii) a new methodology for performing sample re-analysis that uses off-line targeted robotic acquisition of complementary spectral data (e.g. ECD and/or IRMPD) to enhance the identification of differentially expressed peptides/proteins, and (iii) data processing pipelines capable of integrating the automatic statistical analysis of the label-free (LC-) MS signal, together with the intuitive and highly interactive curation and annotation of differential features using the output from standard sequence database search programs. We illustrate the application of the complete sample-to-annotated-differential-peptides (-proteins) workflow by describing the acquisition and analysis of a large multidimensional dataset from patients undergoing a controlled myocardial infarction resulting in an experimental setup in which each patients serve as their own control. Furthermore, we discuss a couple illustrative examples of mid-level proteins observed in this study whose plasma concentrations change consistently within and across patients, in a treatment- and time-dependent fashion.
AIMS: To evaluate the variability of 24-hour urinary iodine (UI) excretion intra- and interindividually on three days of a week in healthy subjects, living in southern Brazil, and the correlation among the urinary excretion of iodine and sodium. METHODS: Cross-sectional study, including 47 volunteers: 18 individuals with one, 15 individuals with two and 14 individuals with three 24-hour urine samples. Iodine, creatinine and Na(+) excretion in urine during 24-hour were measured. RESULTS: Mean height, weight, BMI and 24-hour urinary excretion of creatinine were higher in men. UI and urinary sodium were correlated (n = 89, r = 0.524, p = 0.000). UI excretion varied widely, both inter- and intraindividually, on the 3 days of the week, but the mean excretion of UI was similar. In single individuals, the ratio between the maximum and minimum 24-hour UI excretion (m/m) ranged from 1.03 to 2.87, and the median coefficient of variation (CV) was 21% (P = 7.0% and P = 36.8%), with a range of 1%-51%. 24-hour UI excretion varied greatly among individuals on Sunday (CV = 47.5% and m/m = 7.75), Monday (CV = 38.7% and m/m = 4.60) and Thursday (CV = 40.4% and m/m = 4.50). UI was adequate in the group of 14 people, however, the UI excretion of two women suggested iodine intake persistently below that recommended by WHO. CONCLUSION: The variability of 24-hour UI excretion on different days in the same individual is lower than that observed among individuals. 
BACKGROUND: the widely held assumptions that in type 1 diabetes glucose variability may correlate with insulin sensitivity and impaired epinephrine counterregulation have not been studied directly. Here we investigate possible relationships between outpatient measures of glucose variability and risk for hypoglycemia with physiological characteristics: insulin sensitivity and hypoglycemia counterregulation. METHODS: thirty-four subjects with type 1 diabetes (14 women, 20 men; 37  2.1 years old; glycosylated hemoglobin [HbA1c], 7.6  0.21%) performed self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) for a month, followed by an inpatient hyperinsulinemic euglycemic and hypoglycemic clamp. SMBG field data were used to calculate measures of glucose variability and risk of hypoglycemia, while the clamp procedure was used to evaluate insulin sensitivity and epinephrine response during induced hypoglycemia. Spearman partial correlations adjusted for age, duration of diabetes, body mass index, gender, and HbA1c were used to assess the relationship between the field indices of glucose variability and the physiological characteristics of diabetes. RESULTS: two glucose variability measures correlated positively (P<0.01) with insulin sensitivity: the Average Daily Risk Range (ADRR) (=0.5) and the Glycemic Lability Index (=0.48). The Low Blood Glucose Index, a measure of the risk for hypoglycemia, and the ADRR correlated negatively with maximum epinephrine response during hypoglycemia: =-0.46, P<0.01 and =-0.4, P=0.03, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: higher insulin sensitivity and lower epinephrine response during hypoglycemia are related to increased glucose variability (as quantified by the ADRR), irrespective of HbA1c and other patient characteristics. Lower epinephrine relates to risk for hypoglycemia as well. 
BACKGROUND: To date, breast cancer epidemiologic studies have relied on blood or tissue specimens sampled at the time of diagnosis or a few years prior to assess lifetime exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB). In this study, we evaluated whether such PCB measurements are indicative of early-life levels by reconstructing lifetime toxicokinetic profiles for women included in the CECILE case-control study, using a physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) model. METHODS: We simulated lifetime toxicokinetic profiles of PCB-153 for 2,134 French women by incorporating information on body weight history, height, pregnancies, and breast-feeding in the PBPK model. Oral dose was calculated by considering measured blood PCB-153 and the temporal trend of environmental contamination. Area under the concentration versus time curve (AUC) for each decade of life and maximum blood concentration (C(max)) were compiled and compared with measured levels, using Pearson partial correlation analyses adjusting for age at diagnosis. RESULTS: When considering all individuals, simulated AUCs correlated with measured PCBs, with coefficients ranging from 0.735 to 0.981. The weakest correlations were obtained with AUCs for the first decades of life. Stratified analyses suggested that breast-feeding reduces the reliability of late-life blood levels in representing lifetime exposure. CONCLUSION: Results of this study suggest that PCB levels measured at the time of diagnosis do not fully represent early-life exposures. IMPACT: PBPK-derived estimates of early-life levels circumvent the limitations of current approaches in assessing PCB lifetime exposure and may be used to address hypothesized windows of breast vulnerability (e.g., puberty) in this population. 
PURPOSE: To determine the repeatability of stiffness measurements in the liver using MR elastography (MRE) during the fasted and fed states. MRE has gained increased recognition as a noninvasive method to quantify fibrotic changes in the liver. It is well known that eating increases splanchnic blood flow, and fasting status of patients has been recognized as a factor that may affect hepatic stiffness measured with MRE. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Hepatic MRE stiffness and flow through the superior mesenteric vein (SMV) were measured in 12 healthy subjects in fasted and fed states, and measurements were repeated 5 weeks later. A linear mixed effects model was used to estimate the sources of variability in the data, which included day (exams on different days) and subject. Sources were combined to calculate the overall standard deviation of a single MRE measurement. RESULTS: The total within-subject standard deviation of an MRE exam is 8.5% (standard error [SE] = 1.7%) or 9.0% (SE = 1.8%) for fasted and fed states, respectively. No significant differences between fasted/fed state stiffness and no correlation between hepatic stiffness and SMV flow were observed. CONCLUSION: As seen in this smaller population, healthy subjects scanned in a known fasted or fed state provide repeatable stiffness estimates with no relationship to SMV flow. 
The statistical process control required under International Organization for Standardization 15189 as well as economic considerations necessitates having robust methods that do not need systematic recalibration for each series of analyses. Using the concrete example of one-stage clotting factor VIII assay, we assessed the analytic variability specifically linked to changing factor VIII deficient plasma vials. The study used freeze-dried (Instrumentation Laboratory, Siemens, Stago and T-Coag) and frozen (Affinity Biologicals and Precision Biologic) factor VIII deficient plasmas. On the most widely recognized acceptability criteria and methods (i.e. those of Kallner et al. and Kasper et al.), the Stago and Instrumentation Laboratory plasmas require systematic recalibration at each vial changeover.
BACKGROUND: Prenatal bisphenol A (BPA) exposure may be associated with developmental toxicity, but few studies have examined the variability and predictors of urinary BPA concentrations during pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to estimate the variability and predictors of serial urinary BPA concentrations taken during pregnancy. METHODS: We measured BPA concentrations during pregnancy and at birth in three spot urine samples from 389 women. We calculated the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) to assess BPA variability and estimated associations between log10-transformed urinary BPA concentrations and demographic, occupational, dietary, and environmental factors, using mixed models. RESULTS: Geometric mean (GM) creatinine-standardized concentrations (micrograms per gram) were 1.7 (16 weeks), 2.0 (26 weeks), and 2.0 (birth). Creatinine-standardized BPA concentrations exhibited low reproducibility (ICC = 0.11). By occupation, cashiers had the highest BPA concentrations (GM: 2.8 g/g). Consuming canned vegetables at least once a day was associated with higher BPA concentrations (GM = 2.3 g/g) compared with those consuming no canned vegetables (GM = 1.6 g/g). BPA concentrations did not vary by consumption of fresh fruits and vegetables, canned fruit, or store-bought fresh and frozen fish. Urinary high-molecular-weight phthalate and serum tobacco smoke metabolite concentrations were positively associated with BPA concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest numerous sources of BPA exposure during pregnancy. Etiological studies may need to measure urinary BPA concentrations more than once during pregnancy and adjust for phthalates and tobacco smoke exposures. 
C3H/He and BALB/c mice have elevated serum thyroxine levels associated with low deiodinase type-1 activity whereas C57BL/6 (B6) mice have low thyroxine levels and elevated deiodinase type-1 activity. High-resolution genetic maps are available for four sets of recombinant inbred (RI) mice derived from B6 parents bred to C3H/He, BALB/c, DBA/2, or A strains. Total and free T4 (T-T4 and F-T4) levels in females from these RI sets (BXH, CXB, BXD, and AXBXA) were analyzed to test two hypotheses: first, serum T4 variability is linked to the deiodinase type-1 gene; second, because of their shared B6 parent, the RI sets will share linkages responsible for T-T4 or F-T4 variability. A number of chromosomes (Chr) and loci were linked to T-T4 (Chr 1, 4, 13, 11) or F-T4 (Chr 1, 6, 13, 18, 19). Linkage between T-T4 and Chr 4 was limited to CXB and BXH strains, but the locus was distinct from the deiodinase type-1 gene. Surprisingly, many linkages were unique providing "genetic signatures" for T-T4 or F-T4 in each set of RI mice. Indeed, the strongest linkage between T-T4 (or F-T4) and a Chr 2 locus (logarithm of the odds scores >4.4) was only observed in AXBXA strains. Some loci corresponded to genes/Chr associated in humans with variable TSH or T-T4 levels. Unlike inbred mice, human populations are extremely diverse. Consequently, our data suggest that the contributions of unique chromosomes/loci controlling T-T4 and F-T4 in distinct human subgroups are likely to be "buried" in genetic analyses of heterogeneous human populations.
BACKGROUND: Persistent parasitemia, immunological, and autonomic nervous system impairments may play an important role in the evolution and clinical outcome of the chronic phase of Chagas' disease by triggering functional cardiovascular changes. METHODS: Three groups were evaluated: 17 chronic chagasic patients with the indeterminate form (IChD), 12 chronic chagasic patients with cardiac forms (ChHD), and 29 individuals as a healthy control group. Parasitemia was assessed by polymerase chain reaction; hemoculture, heart rate variability by linear and nonlinear methods, and interleukin (IL)-1, IL-4, IL-6, IL-10, IL-12, IL-13, IL-17, and tumor necrosis factor-, and interferon (IFN)- serum cytokines were assessed by enzyme-linked immune assay. RESULTS: Twenty-nine chronic chagasic patients were positive for parasitemia (17 IChD and 12 ChHD). Heart rate variability parameters in baseline condition and after cold face test were significantly decreased in chagasic patients compared to controls. Tilt tests showed no alteration. However, using nonlinear indices, ChHD patients presented lower values compared to IChD and controls. Differences in the expression of serum cytokines were observed between chagasic patients and controls. However, among the groups, ChHD presented higher median values of IL-10 and lower of IFN- compared to IChD. CONCLUSION: Both chagasic groups present an autonomic impairment using linear methods. The nonlinear methods revealed that the ChHD group had a higher cardiovascular risk. Serum cytokine concentrations between chagasic patients were similar. However, ChHD showed higher concentrations of IL-10 and lower of IFN-, suggesting some established process of immune regulation. 
BACKGROUND: In the Addona et al. paper (Nature Biotechnology 2009), a large-scale multi-site study was performed to quantify Multiple Reaction Monitoring (MRM) measurements of proteins spiked in human plasma. The unlabeled signature peptides derived from the seven target proteins were measured at nine different concentration levels, and their isotopic counterparts were served as the internal standards. METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: In this paper, the sources of variation are analyzed by decomposing the variance into parts attributable to specific experimental factors: technical replicates, sites, peptides, transitions within each peptide, and higher-order interaction terms based on carefully built mixed effects models. The factors of peptides and transitions are shown to be major contributors to the variance of the measurements considering heavy (isotopic) peptides alone. For the light ((12)C) peptides alone, in addition to these factors, the factor of study*peptide also contributes significantly to the variance of the measurements. Heterogeneous peptide component models as well as influence analysis identify the outlier peptides in the study, which are then excluded from the analysis. Using a log-log scale transformation and subtracting the heavy/isotopic peptide [internal standard] measurement from the peptide measurements (i.e., taking the logarithm of the peak area ratio in the original scale establishes that), the MRM measurements are overall consistent across laboratories following the same standard operating procedures, and the variance components related to sites, transitions and higher-order interaction terms involving sites have greatly reduced impact. Thus the heavy peptides have been effective in reducing apparent inter-site variability. In addition, the estimates of intercepts and slopes of the calibration curves are calculated for the sub-studies. CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE: The MRM measurements are overall consistent across laboratories following the same standard operating procedures, and heavy peptides can be used as an effective internal standard for reducing apparent inter-site variability. Mixed effects modeling is a valuable tool in mass spectrometry-based proteomics research. 
BACKGROUND: Spectral power of fetal heart rate variability is related to fetal condition. Previous studies found an increased normalized low frequency power in case of severe fetal acidosis. AIMS: To analyze whether absolute or normalized low or high frequency power of fetal heart rate variability is associated with fetal scalp blood pH. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective cohort study, performed in an obstetric unit of a tertiary care teaching hospital. SUBJECTS: Consecutive singleton term fetuses in cephalic presentation that underwent one or more scalp blood samples, monitored during labour using ST-analysis of the fetal electrocardiogram. Ten-minute continuous beat-to-beat fetal heart rate segments, preceding the scalp blood measurement were used. OUTCOME MEASURES: Absolute and normalized spectral power in the low frequency band (0.04-0.15 Hz) and in the high frequency band (0.4-1.5 Hz). RESULTS: In total 39 fetal blood samples from 30 patients were studied. We found that normalized low frequency and normalized high frequency power of fetal heart rate variability is associated with fetal scalp blood pH. The estimated  of normalized low frequency power was -0.37 (95% confidence interval -0.68 to -0.06) and the relative risk was 0.69 (95% confidence interval 0.51-0.94). The estimated  of normalized high frequency power was 0.33 (95% confidence interval 0.01-0.65) and the relative risk was 1.39 (95% confidence interval 1.01-1.92). CONCLUSIONS: Normalized low and normalized high frequency power of fetal heart rate variability is associated with fetal scalp blood pH. 
BACKGROUND: The low molecular weight heparin effect in children is monitored using the anti-factor Xa level. Venipuncture is recommended; however, central venous catheter blood sampling is often necessary. Heparin infused through central venous catheters may contaminate central venous catheter blood samples, preventing reliable anti-factor Xa level measurement. Simultaneous anti-factor Xa/partial thromboplastin time measurement with central venous catheter blood sampling may predict anti-factor Xa reliability. OBJECTIVES: To determine the prevalence of heparin contamination as measured by the partial thromboplastin time/anti-factor Xa in central venous catheter blood samples and whether careful sampling could minimize heparin contamination of anti-factor Xa levels from central venous catheter blood sampling. METHODS: Simultaneous partial thromboplastin time/anti-factor Xa measurements from central venous catheter blood sampling determined the prevalence of heparin contamination of central venous catheter blood samples. In phase II, children receiving low molecular weight heparin had routine central venous catheter blood sampling to measure the peak anti-factor Xa and the simultaneous partial thromboplastin time. Anti-factor Xa levels with a partial thromboplastin time of >40 secs (pair 1) were identified; there was no low molecular weight heparin dose change, and the paired sample was repeated using a careful sampling technique (pair 2). Pairs 1 and 2 were compared to determine the efficiency of the sampling technique in removing heparin from the central venous catheter blood samples. RESULTS: In phase I, 100 children had 485 paired anti-factor Xa/partial thromboplastin time central venous catheter blood samples with 29%  4.1% (95% confidence interval 25% to 33%) anti-factor Xa with partial thromboplastin times of >40 secs. In phase II, 43 children had 129 paired anti-factor Xa/partial thromboplastin time samples with partial thromboplastin times of >40 secs. The pair 1 mean partial thromboplastin times/anti-factor Xa levels were 109.8 secs (SD 53.1, range 34.0 to >200 secs) and 1.03 units/mL (SD 0.56, range 0.26-4.2 units/mL). Repeated partial thromboplastin times/anti-factor Xa levels (pair 2) were significantly decreased from those of pair 1 (p < .001) with means of 58.5 secs (SD 21.2, range 22-152 secs) vs. 109.8 secs (SD 53.1, range 34.0 to > 200 secs, p < .001) and 0.63 unit/mL (SD 0.30, range 0.02-1.77 units/mL) vs. 1.03 units/mL (SD 0.56, range 0.26-4.2 units/mL), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Measurement of the partial thromboplastin time performed in combination with that of the anti-factor Xa level can be used to assist health practitioners to identify unfractionated heparin contamination of anti-factor Xa levels drawn from central venous catheters. A careful sampling technique may minimize heparin contamination in central venous catheter blood samples. 
BACKGROUND: Increased levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) and serum amyloid A (SAA) are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. It is hypothesized that dysregulation of the autonomic nervous system (ANS) leads to increased inflammation via the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway. Heart rate variability (HRV) is a marker of ANS function. HRV has been shown to be associated with CRP levels. Currently, there are no studies addressing the relationship between HRV and SAA. DESIGN: The purpose of this study was to compare the associations between HRV, CRP and SAA in healthy young adults. CRP and SAA concentrations and short-term HRV indices [high frequency (HF), low frequency (LF), total spectral component of HRV, root mean square differences of successive R-R intervals, the standard deviation of all R-R intervals and ratio between LF and HF) were measured in 1601 men and women aged 24-39 taking part in the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns study. RESULTS: A significant inverse correlation (P < 005) between HRV indices and inflammatory markers was observed. However, in linear regression analyses, only inverse association between HRV indices and CRP levels remained significant (P < 005), while association between HRV indices and SAA levels was attenuated to the null (P > 005) after adjusting for age, sex, body mass index, cholesterol levels, leptin and other common traditional cardiovascular risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: Reduced HRV indices are independently associated with increased CRP levels, but not with SAA levels. This association supports the hypothesis that dysregulation of the ANS may lead to increased inflammation early in adulthood. 
The main goal of the present study was to measure uterine blood flow volume (BFV) in the second half of gestation in lactating German Holstein cows. Furthermore, it was investigated, if there are individual variations in uterine blood flow and correlations between uterine blood flow and maternal weight and the birth weight of the calf. Forty-four cows were examined via color Doppler sonography in gestation weeks (GW) 21, 25, 29, 33, 37 and 39. The cows were allocated in groups based on the following variables: body weight (light  575 kg, heavy > 575 kg) and birth weight of the calf (light  42 kg, heavy > 42 kg). The BFV was measured via transrectal Doppler sonography of both uterine arteries. There was a linear increase in uterine BFV throughout the study period from 3053  1143 ml/min to 16912  5793 ml/min. Variation coefficients for inter-individual variations ranged from 34 to 37%. There was a moderate correlation between uterine BFV and birth weight of the calf in weeks 21 to 37 (0.30  r < 0.49; P < 0.05) and a good correlation in week 39 (r = 0.60; P < 0.0001). Uterine BFV in week 21 was significantly (P < 0.01) higher in heavy cows (3394  1119 ml/min) than in light cows (2658  1064 ml/min). Compared with light cows, the increase in uterine BFV was 32% higher in heavy cows during the study period. In week 21, there was no difference (P > 0.05) in uterine BFV between cows carrying a heavy calf (3351  1130 ml/min) and those carrying a light calf (2796  1115 ml/min). Thereafter, the increase of BFV was 43% higher in cows with a heavy calf than in those carrying a light calf. Cows with different body weights, but same birth weight of calf showed no differences (P > 0.05) in the increase of BFV, while in cows with the same body weight the rise in BFV was higher (P < 0.05) in those cows producing a heavy calf compared to cows carrying calves with light birth weights. In conclusion, there was a linear increase in uterine BFV in lactating Holstein cows during the second half of pregnancy with marked individual variations. Differences in the rise of BFV were more caused by the fetus than by body weight of cows.
Repeat-biomarker measurement error models accounting for systematic correlated within-person error can be used to estimate the correlation coefficient () and deattenuation factor (), used in measurement error correction. These models account for correlated errors in the food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and the 24-hour diet recall and random within-person variation in the biomarkers. Failure to account for within-person variation in biomarkers can exaggerate correlated errors between FFQs and 24-hour diet recalls. For 2 validation studies,  and  were calculated for total energy and protein density. In the Automated Multiple-Pass Method Validation Study (n=471), doubly labeled water (DLW) and urinary nitrogen (UN) were measured twice in 52 adults approximately 16 months apart (2002-2003), yielding intraclass correlation coefficients of 0.43 for energy (DLW) and 0.54 for protein density (UN/DLW). The deattenuated correlation coefficient for protein density was 0.51 for correlation between the FFQ and the 24-hour diet recall and 0.49 for correlation between the FFQ and the biomarker. Use of repeat-biomarker measurement error models resulted in a  of 0.42. These models were similarly applied to the Observing Protein and Energy Nutrition Study (1999-2000). In conclusion, within-person variation in biomarkers can be substantial, and to adequately assess the impact of correlated subject-specific error, this variation should be assessed in validation studies of FFQs.
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of our study was to assess the accuracy and reproducibility of clot burden quantification with pulmonary CT angiography (CTA). MATERIALS AND METHODS: A semiautomated program was developed for segmentation and volumetric quantification of pulmonary embolus with pulmonary CTA. The accuracy of this measurement method was assessed using two pulmonary embolus phantoms. Reproducibility of the measurement method was assessed using clinical pulmonary CTA in 30 patients (16 women, 14 men; mean age, 62 years) with pulmonary embolism (PE). Two observers segmented and measured the volume of blood clot from pulmonary CTA images twice at two separate sessions. Accuracy was evaluated by the relative volume measurement error. Intra- and interobserver reliability were evaluated using intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC); agreement between measurements within and between the two observers was assessed using Bland-Altman analysis. RESULTS: Mean relative measurement error from the two phantoms was less than 1% for both observers. A total of 60 emboli were measured from the 30 patients. The intraobserver ICC was 0.990 for observer 1 and 0.999 for observer 2; interobserver ICC was 0.994 for session 1 and 0.989 for session 2. ICC for all four clot measurements was 0.988. Mean volume measurement difference for intraobserver agreement was 0.9% for observer 1 and 0.3% for observer 2, and interobserver agreement was -5.1% for session 1 and -5.8% for session 2. CONCLUSION: Blood clot burden can be quantified with a high degree of accuracy and reproducibility from pulmonary CTA images using a semiautomated segmentation method. 
Calorie restriction (CR)-induced weight loss has been shown to lower the risk of chronic disease in obese individuals. Although the mechanisms that link weight loss to disease risk reduction remain unclear, evidence suggests adipokines may play a role. What has yet to be determined, however, is the dose-response effect of body weight loss and visceral fat mass loss on adipokines. Accordingly, this review examines how varying degrees of CR-induced weight loss (i.e., >10%, 5-10%, and <5% from baseline) impact plasma levels and expression of adiponectin, leptin, resistin, interleukin 6 (IL-6), interleukin 8 (IL-8), monocyte chemotactic protein 1 (MCP-1), and retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP-4). The dose-response relationship between visceral fat mass loss and adipokine profile improvement will also be explored. Results from this review demonstrate that even mild weight loss induced by CR may have beneficial effects on leptin levels, but it has no clear impact on adiponectin, resistin, IL-6, IL-8, MCP-1, or RBP-4 concentrations.
PURPOSE: In this study, image quality of leg veins and vena cava inferior was scored by independent raters using the new intravascular magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) contrast agent gadofosveset trisodium using fat-suppressed 3D gradient echo Volume Interpolated Breath-hold Examination. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The leg venous system without clinical signs of deep venous thrombosis (DVT) and sonography-ruled out DVT were imaged using a fat-suppressed 3D gradient echo Volume Interpolated Breath-hold Examination (VIBE FS). Image interpretation was done independently by two experienced radiologists (raters) using a 5-point scoring system. RESULTS: High diagnostic image quality with an overall mean visibility score of 4.80.1 was acquired in patients enrolled in the study using gadofosveset trisodium-enhanced MRI for the venous system of the leg. There were no cases with moderate, poor or nondiagnostic image quality. Additionally, an excellent interrater reliability was observed. CONCLUSIONS: This study shows the feasibility of acquiring high resolution images with excellent image quality of the venous system of the leg using gadofosveset trisodium. 
BACKGROUND: Quetiapine is an atypical antipsychotic drug that was recently also approved for the treatment of uni- and bipolar depression. The antidepressive response is considered to be mediated by the metabolite N-desalkylquetiapine, and the aim of this study was to assess the interindividual pharmacokinetic variability of quetiapine and N-desalkylquetiapine in psychiatric patients based on therapeutic drug monitoring samples. METHODS: Serum measurements of quetiapine and N-desalkylquetiapine performed between October 2007 and July 2008 were retrospectively included from a routine therapeutic drug monitoring database. Pharmacokinetic variability was expressed as the 5-95 percentile range in dose-adjusted serum concentrations (C/D ratios). The impact of age (65 years or older), gender, and sampling time on the C/D ratios was studied by linear mixed model analysis. Samples from patients comedicated with CYP3A4 inducers or inhibitors were examined separately. RESULTS: In total, 927 serum samples from 601 patients were included (all using quetiapine immediate-release tablets). The 5-95 percentiles of the C/D ratio ranged 15-fold (0.14-2.1 nmol/L/mg) for quetiapine and fivefold (0.44-2.1 nmol/L/mg) for N-desalkylquetiapine. Elderly (65 years or older) obtained 1.5- and 1.2-fold higher C/D ratios of quetiapine (P = 0.002) and N-desalkylquetiapine (P = 0.03) compared with younger patients, respectively. Sampling time was also found to significantly affect the C/D ratios of quetiapine (P = 0.001), whereas gender was not a significant variable (P > 0.13). In three patients treated with potent CYP3A4 inducers, the observed C/D ratios of quetiapine and N-desalkylquetiapine were 77% and 11% lower than the mean C/D ratio in the study population, respectively. CONCLUSION: The pharmacokinetic variability was greater for quetiapine compared with N-desalkylquetiapine. Age 65 years or older and comedication with CYP3A4 inducers affected the serum levels of both agents, but the relative impact was greater on quetiapine. 
We examined the relationship between cotinine measures in follicular fluid (FF) and urine to inform our exposure assessment strategy for an ongoing epidemiological study of secondhand tobacco smoke (STS) exposure and early pregnancy loss. Among subjects undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF), we compared cotinine levels in paired urine and FF samples from the same women and examined FF cotinine levels over time. We found a weak rank-order relationship (Spearman r<0.2) and poor agreement for classifying nonsmoking individuals as exposed to STS (sensitivity=0.29-0.71; specificity=0.35-0.72) between cotinine concentrations in FF and urine. We observed fair reliability (ICC=0.42-0.52) in FF cotinine concentrations from women undergoing multiple IVF cycles. If available, FF cotinine concentrations may be desired as a biomarker of low-level tobacco smoke exposure over urinary cotinine in studies of early reproduction. Collection of multiple FF samples for cotinine analysis may be needed to accurately represent long-term STS exposure.
BACKGROUND: Human exposure to bisphenol A (BPA) is widespread. After exposure, BPA is rapidly metabolized and eliminated in urine. Therefore, there is considerable within-person and between-person variability of BPA concentrations in spot urine samples. However, no information exists on the within-day variability of urinary BPA concentrations. OBJECTIVES: We examined the between-person and within-person and between-day and within-day variability in the urinary BPA concentrations of eight adults who collected all voids for 1 week to investigate the impact of sampling strategy in the exposure assessment of BPA using spot, first morning, or 24-hr urine collections. METHODS: We determined the urinary concentrations of BPA using on-line solid-phase extraction coupled to isotope dilution high-performance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: The between-day and within-person variability was the primary contributor to the total variance both for first morning voids (77%) and 24-hr urine collections (88%). For the spot collections, we observed considerable within-day variance (70%), which outweighed the between-person (9%) and between-day and within-person (21%) variances. CONCLUSIONS: Regardless of the type of void (spot, first morning, 24-hr collection), urinary BPA concentrations for a given adult changed considerably--both within a day and for the 7 days of the study period. Single 24-hr urine collections accurately reflect daily exposure but can misrepresent variability in daily exposures over time. Of interest, when the population investigated is sufficiently large and samples are randomly collected relative to meal ingestion times and bladder emptying times, the single spot-sampling approach may adequately reflect the average exposure of the population to BPA. 
OBJECTIVE: Both spatial variability and temporal variability of skin blood flow are high. Laser speckle contrast imagers (LSCI) allow non-contact, real-time recording of cutaneous blood flow on large skin surfaces. Thereafter, the observer can define different sizes for the region of interest (ROI) in the images to decrease spatial variability and different durations over which the blood flow values are averaged (time of interest, TOI) to decrease temporal variability. We aimed to evaluate the impact of the choices of ROI and TOI on the analysis of rest blood flow and post occlusive reactive hyperemia (PORH). METHODS: Cutaneous blood flow (CBF) was assessed at rest and during PORH. Three different sizes of ROI (1mm(2), 10mm(2) and 100mm(2)), and three different TOI (CBF averaged over 1s, 15s, and 30s for rest, and over 1s, 5s and 10s for PORH peak) were evaluated. Inter-subjects and intra-subjects coefficient of variations (inter-CV and intra-CV) were studied. RESULTS: The inter-subject variability of CBF is about 25% at rest and is moderately improved when the size of the ROI increases (inter-CV=31%, for 1s and 1mm(2) versus inter-CV=23%, for 15s and 100mm(2)). However, increasing the TOI does not improve the results. The variability of the PORH peak is lower with an inter-CV varying between 11.4% (10s and 100mm(2)) and 21.6% (5s and 1mm(2)). The lowest intra-CV for the CBF at rest was 7.3% (TOI of 15s on a ROI of 100mm(2)) and was 3.1% for the PORH peak (TOI of 10s on a ROI of 100mm(2)). CONCLUSION: We suggest that a size of ROI larger than 10mm(2) and a TOI longer than 1s are required to reduce the variability of CBF measurements both at rest and during PORH peak evaluations at the forearm level. Many technical aspects such as comparison of laser speckle contrast imaging and laser Doppler imaging or the effect of skin to head distance on recorded values with LCSI are required to improve future studies using this fascinating clinical tool. 
BACKGROUND: Hyperoxaluria is a major risk factor for kidney stone formation. Although urinary oxalate measurement is part of all basic stone risk assessment, there is no standardized method for this measurement. METHODS: Urine samples from 24-h urine collection covering a broad range of oxalate concentrations were aliquoted and sent, in duplicates, to six blinded international laboratories for oxalate, sodium and creatinine measurement. In a second set of experiments, ten pairs of native urine and urine spiked with 10 mg/L of oxalate were sent for oxalate measurement. Three laboratories used a commercially available oxalate oxidase kit, two laboratories used a high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC)-based method and one laboratory used both methods. RESULTS: Intra-laboratory reliability for oxalate measurement expressed as intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) varied between 0.808 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.427-0.948] and 0.998 (95% CI: 0.994-1.000), with lower values for HPLC-based methods. Acidification of urine samples prior to analysis led to significantly higher oxalate concentrations. ICC for inter-laboratory reliability varied between 0.745 (95% CI: 0.468-0.890) and 0.986 (95% CI: 0.967-0.995). Recovery of the 10 mg/L oxalate-spiked samples varied between 8.7  2.3 and 10.7  0.5 mg/L. Overall, HPLC-based methods showed more variability compared to the oxalate oxidase kit-based methods. CONCLUSIONS: Significant variability was noted in the quantification of urinary oxalate concentration by different laboratories, which may partially explain the differences of hyperoxaluria prevalence reported in the literature. Our data stress the need for a standardization of the method of oxalate measurement. 
In the present study we have measured, on a monthly basis, the concentration of plasma homovanillic acid (pHVA) in schizophrenic patients during 13months of their pharmacological treatment. The average pHVA values of each patient were within the range of 7.30-17.70ng/ml and the coefficients of variation for each patient (CV %) were within the range of 13-33%. Half of the patients that showed higher pHVA CV% values also showed higher scores on the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale at the beginning of the study, and improved more after 6months, when compared to the remaining 50% with lower CV% values. There was no significant relationship between the scores of the Wisconsin Card Sort Test and the concentration or the CV% of the pHVA of each patient. A greater variability in the pHVA may be associated with a greater plasticity of the dopaminergic system and a better clinical response.
Hair fibers are formed by keratinocytes of the hair follicle in a process that involves the breakdown of the nucleus including DNA. Accordingly, DNA can be isolated with high yield from the hair bulb which contains living keratinocytes, whereas it is difficult to prepare from the distal portions of hair fibers and from shed hair. Nevertheless, forensic investigations are successful in a fraction of shed hair samples found at crime scenes. Here, we report that interindividual differences in the completeness of DNA removal from hair corneocytes are major determinants of DNA content and success rates of forensic investigations of hair. Distal hair samples were permeabilized with ammonia and incubated with the DNA-specific dye Hoechst 33258 to label DNA in situ. Residual nuclear DNA was visualized under the fluorescence microscope. Hair from some donors did not contain any stainable nuclei, whereas hair of other donors contained a variable number of DNA-positive nuclear remnants. The number of DNA-containing nuclear remnants per millimeter of hair correlated with the amount of DNA that could be extracted and amplified by quantitative PCR. When individual hairs were investigated, only hairs in which DNA could be labeled in situ gave positive results in short tandem repeat typing. This study reveals that the completeness of DNA degradation during cornification of the hair is a polymorphic trait. Furthermore, our results suggest that in situ labeling of DNA in hair may be useful for predicting the probability of success of forensic analysis of nuclear DNA in shed hair.
MS patients frequently present with urinary system symptoms, which have a negative effect on the quality life. The aim of our study was to demonstrate the validity and reliability of the Turkish King's Health Questionnaire (KHQ) in MS patients. The study included 37 patients. For analysis of test-retest reliability, the Turkish version of the KHQ developed and the "translation-back translation" method was performed. To assess the validity of these results, Multiple Sclerosis Quality of Life Scale (MQoL-54) and Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) were used. The internal consistency (intra-class correlation coefficient: 0.59-0.94) and test-retest reliability (Cronbach's -score 0.59-0.94) of KHQ were found to be high (p < 0.05). A significant correlation was detected between most of the KHQ subscores and the physical and mental MQoL-54 and EDSS (total and bowel/bladder, p < 0.05) subscores. The KHQ may be used to determine the effect of incontinence on the quality of life for MS patients.
Stress-induced hyperglycemia has been associated with poor outcomes and death in critically ill patients. Blood glucose (BG) variability, a component of stress-related hyperglycemia has recently been reported as a significant independent predictor of intensive care unit and hospital mortality. We sought to evaluate three cases in which intensive insulin therapy was administered using a standardized insulin dosing protocol to normalize the BG and reduce glycemic variability. Point-of-care BG values and other clinical measures were obtained from the medical record of three patients who received intensive insulin therapy. This was a convenience sample of three patients where the BG level had stabilized on a consistent intravenous insulin dose rate for up to 20 hours in a surgical trauma intensive care unit. Data were collected manually and electronically using the Remote Automated Laboratory System-Tight Glycemic Control Module (RALS-TGCM) BG management and monitoring system. Each case presentation describes a critically ill, nondiabetic patient, requiring continuous intravenous insulin therapy for hyperglycemia. In each instance, BG variability was present in a worsening patient condition after a period of normalization of hyperglycemia with intensive insulin therapy. Although decreasing BG variability is an important aspect of hyperglycemia management, new onset events of variability may be a sentinel warning or occur as a physiologic response to a worsening patient condition. If so, these events warrant rapid investigation and treatment of the underlying problem.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the inter-rater reliability of the modified Oxford Grading Scale and the Peritron manometer. DESIGN: All participants were evaluated twice, first by one examiner and 30 days later by a second examiner. Measurements of vaginal squeeze pressure were compared with the results from the palpation test. PARTICIPANTS: Nineteen women with a mean age of 23.7 years (range 21 to 28 years). RESULTS: Inter-rater reliability for vaginal palpation was fair (=0.33, 95% confidence interval 0.09 to 0.57). Using the Peritron manometer, the difference between examiners was less than 10cmH(2)O in 11 of the 19 (58%) cases. The palpation test did not differentiate between weak, moderate, good and strong muscle contractions. This study found fair inter-rater reliability for the modified Oxford Grading Scale and moderate inter-rater reliability for the Peritron manometer. CONCLUSIONS: The inter-rater reliability of vaginal squeeze pressure measurement using the Peritron manometer is acceptable and can be used in re-evaluations performed by different examiners in clinical practice. However, for research purposes, the ideal situation would be for a single examiner to assess and re-assess the subject. Vaginal palpation is important in the clinical assessment of correctness of a pelvic floor muscle contraction, but this study does not support the use of the modified Oxford Grading Scale as a reliable and valid method to measure and differentiate pelvic floor muscle strength. 
AIM: To adopt an individualized approach to assess cytarabine (ara-C) hematotoxicity, we studied the relationship between pharmacogenetic variability in the cytidine deaminase gene (CDA) and ara-C toxicity in native peripheral blood mononuclear cells from 100 healthy volunteers. MATERIALS & METHODS: Peripheral blood mononuclear cells were incubated for 48 h with 3 M ara-C, and cell viability was analyzed by flow cytometry with and without the addition of an equilibrative nucleoside transporter transport inhibitor. CDA promoter and exonic variants were genotyped to derive haplotypes for the CDA gene. RESULTS: Significant between-subject variability was observed in ara-C toxicity (21-fold with 40.1% coefficient of variation compared with 1.2-fold within-subject variability [9.6% coefficient of variation]). Inhibition of hENT1 reversed ara-C cytotoxicity. The linked CDA promoter variants -451C>T, -92A>G, -31Del and the exonic 79A>C variant were associated with ara-C toxicity (p < 0.05). CDA*2A haplotype was associated with ara-C toxicity (p = 0.03). CONCLUSION: Genetic polymorphisms within CDA may be risk factors for ara-C-induced hematotoxicity. Original submitted 6 October 2010; Revision submitted 29 November 2010. 
Interleukins (IL)-8, IL-1, IL-1, and IL-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1RA) have emerged as indicators of vaginal inflammation and HIV-1 transmission risk. We provide values and factors of normal variation of these immune mediators in premenopausal women to allow their wider clinical application as biomarkers of vaginal health. Cross-sectional analyzes (Kruskal-Wallis and Wilcoxon exact tests) of cytokine concentrations in relation to sociodemographic variables and Nugent score were performed on baseline (prior to product) cervicovaginal lavage from two Phase I randomized microbicide trials. All women in the analysis had regular menstrual cycles, 72 h abstinence, normal blood and Pap tests, and absence of genitourinary infections, study-relevant allergies, antibiotics use and history of substance abuse. Cytokine norms were defined as the values among those with Nugent score <4. Among women with normal Nugent score (n=92), IL-8 and IL-1 were lowest in those using abstinence as compared to hormonal contraceptives or male/female sterilization as their primary method for birth control. No difference was found by age, prior pregnancy, or education, and also by race after controlling for contraceptive method. Women with abnormal (>7) and borderline (4-6) Nugent scores had elevated IL-1 and/or IL-1 although their IL-1RA-to-IL(+) ratio remained within the normal range due to higher IL-1RA. Women with borderline Nugent scores had IL-8 levels above the normal range. IL-8 and the IL-1RA-to-IL-1 ratio can be used as independent biomarkers of vaginal immune balance. More studies must determine the role of sexual activity, contraceptive method, and borderline Nugent scores, which normally are not exclusion criteria for enrollment in microbicide trials but may affect product tolerability and HIV-1 risk due to the aberrant cytokine levels.
BACKGROUND: Control of hyperglycemia improves outcomes, but increases the risk of hypoglycemia. Recent evidence suggests that blood glucose variability (BGV) is more closely associated with mortality than either isolated or mean BG. We hypothesized that differences in BGV over time are associated with hypoglycemia and can be utilized to estimate risk of hypoglycemia (<50 mg/dL). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Patients treated with intravenous insulin in the Surgical Intensive Care Unit of a tertiary care center formed the retrospective cohort. Exclusion criteria included death within 24 h of admission. We describe BGV in patients over time and its temporal relationship to hypoglycemic events. The risk of hypoglycemia for each BG measurement was estimated in a multivariable regression model. Predictors were measures of BGV, infusions of dextrose and vasopressors, patient demographics, illness severity, and BG measurements. RESULTS: A total of 66,592 BG measurements were collected on 1392 patients. Hypoglycemia occurred in 154 patients (11.1%). Patient BGV fluctuated over time, and increased in the 24 h preceding a hypoglycemic event. In crude and adjusted analyses, higher BGV was positively associated with a hypoglycemia (OR 1.41, P < 0.001). Previous hypoglycemic events and time since previous BG measurement were also positively associated with hypoglycemic events. Severity of illness, vasopressor use, and diabetes were not independently associated with hypoglycemia. CONCLUSIONS: BGV increases in the 24 h preceding hypoglycemia, and patients are at increased risk during periods of elevated BG variability. Prospective measurement of variability may identify periods of increased risk for hypoglycemia, and provide an opportunity to mitigate this risk. 
The aim of this study was twofold. The first aim was to estimate the diagnostic reliability of urinary cytology for detection and management of urothelial neoplasms by using a specific preserving fluid for sample collection, and the liquid-based thin layer method for specimen preparation, the estimate was based on the correlation between the cytological findings of 10,000 non-hospitalized patients, and their histological diagnoses. A second aim was to compare the reliability of two instruments for thin-layer preparation, i.e., TP2000, TP3000, capable of processing the specimens at very different rates. The preservation of cell structure is ameliorated by the procedure of sample collection and treatment here described. This allows a more accurate reading of LBC slides as shown by: (a) the significant concordance between cytological and histological diagnosis (92%); (b) the significant number of low-grade urothelial carcinomas (20.5%) revealed by urinary cytology and validated by histologic diagnosis; (c) the low rate (8%) of misjudgement of cytological diagnosis reached in this study. The quality of performances of the two instruments tested for thin-layer preparation, i.e., TP2000 and TP3000, is statistically comparable. We recommend the procedure that makes use of preserving fluid for sample collection (cytolyt) and treatment (preservcyt ) as here described. We also recommend the use of thin-layer method for specimen preparation since it allows a more uniform distribution of the cells on the support with reduction of overlapping phenomena. Finally, economic considerations suggest the preferential use of Thin Prep 3000.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reproducibility of estimation of power Doppler-derived fractional moving blood volume (FMBV) in the uterine cervix of women with uncomplicated pregnancies. METHODS: Two experienced operators evaluated 30 uncomplicated singleton pregnancies at 20-24 weeks of gestation. The PDU box was positioned in a mid-sagittal view of the cervix, including the internal os and external os, in the same plane as that in which cervical length is measured. Two consecutive examinations were performed by each operator, in each of which the cervical length was measured and five consecutive good-quality images with PDU information were obtained. The region of interest (ROI) (cervix) was delineated offline and FMBV, which expresses the percentage of blood occupying the ROI, was calculated with purpose-designed software. Intra- and interobserver intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) and mean differences with 95% limits of agreement (LOA) were calculated. RESULTS: The median gestational age at examination was 22 + 0 weeks. Measurements (median  SD) obtained for cervical length and FMBV were as follows: Operator A: 37  7.4 mm and 8.11  2.9%; Operator B: 37.5  9.3 mm and 7.9  3.3%, respectively. The intra- and interobserver ICCs for FMBV were 0.88 (95% CI, 0.75-0.94) and 0.82 (95% CI, 0.64-0.94), respectively. There was a mean difference in FMBV measurement between operators of - 0.2  1.75% (95% LOA, - 3.7 to 3.2%). CONCLUSIONS: Reproducible assessment of cervical blood perfusion through estimation of FMBV can be achieved while cervical length is being measured. 
Two rate-limiting enzymes in PUFA biosynthesis, 5- and 6-desaturases, are encoded by the FADS1 and FADS2 genes, respectively. Genetic variants in the FADS1-FADS2 gene cluster are associated with changes in plasma concentrations of PUFA, HDL- and LDL-cholesterol, and TG. However, little is known about whether dietary PUFA intake modulates these associations, especially in adolescents. We assessed whether dietary linoleic acid (LA) or -linolenic acid (ALA) modulate the association between the FADS1 rs174546 polymorphism and concentrations of PUFA, other lipids, and lipoproteins in adolescents. Dietary intakes of LA and ALA, FADS1 rs174546 genotypes, PUFA levels in serum phospholipids, and serum concentrations of TG, cholesterol, and lipoproteins were determined in 573 European adolescents from the HELENA study. The sample was stratified according to the median dietary LA (9.4 and >9.4 g/d) and ALA (1.4 and >1.4 g/d) intakes. The associations between FADS1 rs174546 and concentrations of PUFA, TG, cholesterol, and lipoproteins were not affected by dietary LA intake (all P-interaction > 0.05). Similarly, the association between the FADS1 rs174546 polymorphism and serum phospholipid concentrations of ALA or EPA was not modified by dietary ALA intake (all P-interaction > 0.05). In contrast, the rs174546 minor allele was associated with lower total cholesterol concentrations (P = 0.01 under the dominant model) and non-HDL-cholesterol concentrations (P = 0.02 under the dominant model) in the high-ALA-intake group but not in the low-ALA-intake group (P-interaction = 0.01). These results suggest that dietary ALA intake modulates the association between FADS1 rs174546 and serum total and non-HDL-cholesterol concentrations at a young age.
The qualitative results of FCM DNA analysis on fresh and fixed urine specimens (28 and 97, respectively) from 68 normal subjects and 10 patients with a past history of bladder cancer were compared. FCM DNA evaluability was not significantly different in fresh and fixed samples (63% vs 73%, respectively) whereas mean CV was significantly higher (7.3% vs 5.7%, respectively; p=0.04). A double FCM analysis on fresh and fixed urine was also performed in 16 cases. In this subgroup, the percentage of evaluable histograms from fixed urine specimens was slightly higher than that from fresh specimens. Aneuploid cases were found only in the fixed urine samples but the CVs from fresh and fixed cell suspensions did not differ. The absence of inflammatory cells with cytological analysis of the same samples was associated with low percentages of FCM evaluability and higher CVs. The use of fixed samples improves the quality of FCM DNA analysis permitting its use for screening programs.
The significance of serum tumor markers in the diagnosis of several of the most widespread types of cancer (lung, gastric, colorectal, breast, endometrial and ovarian) has been reviewed. The high heterogeneity of obtained results demonstrated in this review suggests that none of the present markers can be utilized alone as a significant marker of neoplasia and that only their combined use can give objective information. The role of individual variability of various markers in the detection of different stages of neoplastic transformations has also been revised. It was concluded that none of the markers studied can be absolutely positive without false results, and that objective information regarding early stages of malignancy may be obtained only with a combined analysis utilizing many laboratory methods. A new approach should be developed in oncological diagnostic practice.
BACKGROUND: Chronic hemodialysis (HD) patients suffer from an appallingly high cardiovascular mortality. During HD, patients are exposed to dialysate glucose, which may alter blood glucose levels and thus exert effects on the autonomic nervous system. Heart rate variability (HRV) is an established indicator of autonomic nervous system activity and a predictor of cardiovascular outcomes. This study investigated the effects of two commonly used dialysate glucose concentrations [100 mg/dl (HD100), and 200 mg/dl (HD200)] on HRV in chronic HD patients. METHODS: In this prospective, randomized, controlled, single-masked, cross-over trial, subjects were randomized to receive HD100 or HD200 for a period of 3 weeks followed by a cross-over to the respective other dialysate (www.clinicaltrials.gov #NCT00618033). Blood glucose and insulin levels were measured before and after HD. Intradialytic Holter electrocardiograms were recorded and HRV time domain, frequency domain and complexity parameters analyzed. RESULTS: Twenty-three HD patients (age 56  12 years, 11 male, 14 black, 11 with diabetes) were studied. Diabetic subjects showed significantly higher serum glucose levels with HD200 as compared to HD100 (HD100: 146  48 mg/dl; HD200: 192  57 mg/dl; p < 0.01); this hyperglycemia was accompanied by an increase of the high-frequency band of HRV (p = 0.019), a reflection of increased parasympathetic activity. HRV did not change in nondiabetic subjects. CONCLUSION: In diabetic subjects, the use of HD200 increased vagal tone. Given the importance of sympathetic activation to counteract intradialytic hypotension, our findings support the use of HD100 in diabetic HD patients. 
BACKGROUND: India's population exhibits diverse dietary habits and chronic disease patterns. Nutritional epidemiologic studies in India are primarily of cross-sectional or case-control design and subject to biases, including differential recall of past diet. The aim of this feasibility study was to evaluate whether a diet-focused cohort study of cancer could be established in India, providing insight into potentially unique diet and lifestyle exposures. METHODS: Field staff contacted 7,064 households within three regions of India (New Delhi, Mumbai, and Trivandrum) and found 4,671 eligible adults aged 35-69 years. Participants completed interviewer-administered questionnaires (demographic, diet history, physical activity, medical/reproductive history, tobacco/alcohol use, and occupational history), and staff collected biological samples (blood, urine, and toenail clippings), anthropometric measurements (weight, standing and sitting height; waist, hip, and thigh circumference; triceps, sub-scapula and supra-patella skin fold), and blood pressure measurements. RESULTS: Eighty-eight percent of eligible subjects completed all questionnaires and 67% provided biological samples. Unique protein sources by region were fish in Trivandrum, dairy in New Delhi, and pulses (legumes) in Mumbai. Consumption of meat, alcohol, fast food, and soft drinks was scarce in all three regions. A large percentage of the participants were centrally obese and had elevated blood glucose levels. New Delhi participants were also the least physically active and had elevated lipids levels, suggesting a high prevalence of metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSIONS: A high percentage of participants complied with study procedures including biological sample collection. Epidemiologic expertise and sufficient infrastructure exists at these three sites in India to successfully carry out a modest sized population-based study; however, we identified some potential problems in conducting a cohort study, such as limited number of facilities to handle biological samples. 
OBJECTIVES: Fetal ductus venosus (DV) blood flow velocity waveforms are significantly altered during contractions in first stage of labor. We have evaluated the reproducibility of these waveforms during and between contractions. METHODS: 90 women between 37th and 41st week of gestation were included in the study. The measurements of the DV were obtained by three different investigators during and between contractions. The pulsatility index for veins (PIV), peak velocity index for veins (PVIV), and fetal heart rate (FHR) were calculated offline. Furthermore, differences in PVIV (PVIVdiff) and PIV (PIVdiff) and a mean of FHR (FHRmean) were calculated. Statistical analysis was used to verify differences in the PIV, PVIV and FHR during and between contractions of each subgroup as well as for the PVIVdiff, PIVdiff and FHRmean between the subgroups. RESULTS: Investigator 1 examined 49 patients (group 1); investigator 2, 17 patients (group 2) and investigator 3, 24 patients (group 3), respectively. In all subgroups, there was a significant difference for the PVIV and PIV during and between contractions, but not for FHR. There was a correlation between gestational age and PVIVdiff, PIVdiff and FHRmean as well as for maternal age and PVIVdiff and PIVdiff. PVIVdiff and PIVdiff showed significant differences in group 1 compared to groups 2 and 3 (p<0.001), but not between groups 2 and 3. CONCLUSIONS: Significant differences in the measurements in the three subgroups have been revealed, which may be due to different timing of measurement during the contraction. For future studies further standardization of the measurement protocol should be established. 
This study characterized the within- and between-child variability in dimethylthiophosphate (DMTP) levels in the urine of 44 children living in an agricultural community in central Washington State in December 1997 and 1999. The goal of this analysis was to investigate these variability components during periods when organophosphate pesticides were and were not actively applied to orchards in that community. Each child provided between 10 and 26 biweekly urine samples over a 21-month period, and these samples were analyzed for six dialkylphosphate (DAP) metabolites common to organophosphate pesticides, including DMTP. Previous analysis of this dataset found that DAP concentrations were elevated during months when organophosphate pesticides were applied to orchards in this region. The current analysis demonstrates that the within-child component of day-to-day variability was much greater than the between-child component of variability by a factor of 3-7 across the DAP metabolites that were analyzed. Therefore, organophosphate pesticide exposure appeared to vary more than 3 times from day-to-day than from child-to-child. This finding has important implications for epidemiologic and exposure pathways research, since accounting for within-child variability may increase the power of a study and allow for the detection of differences that would not otherwise be possible without an analysis that separates out the within-child variability.
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess the relationship between autonomic nervous system activity as indexed by measures of heart rate variability and overnight urinary norepinephrine, and plasma cholesterol levels in a large sample of working adults. METHODS: The study population comprised 611 apparently healthy employees of an airplane manufacturing plant in Southern Germany. Heart rate variability was calculated as beat-to-beat intervals over the course of one 24-hour weekday measured with an ambulatory ECG recorder. Overnight urine collection and blood samples were also obtained. RESULTS: We found an inverse association between indices of vagally-mediated heart rate variability and plasma levels of total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL), and the ratio of LDL to high density lipoprotein (HDL) that remained significant in multivariate models after controlling for relevant covariates including norepinephrine. Urinary norepinephrine was not significantly related to any measure of cholesterol in multivariate models. CONCLUSIONS: We report here for the first time, in a large sample of healthy human adults, evidence supporting the hypothesis of a clinically relevant inverse relationship between measures of plasma cholesterol and vagally-mediated heart rate variability after controlling for sympathetic nervous system activity. This suggests an important role for the vagal control of plasma cholesterol levels in cardiovascular disease. 
BACKGROUND/AIMS: Prohepcidin and the active form hepcidin-25 are two variants of the peptide hormone hepcidin for iron homoeostasis. Their regulatory role and usefulness as biomarkers of the iron status are uncertain. Our aim is to describe the intra-individual variance of serum and urinary hepcidin-25 and prohepcidin concentrations, the mutual associations of the 4 hepcidin formats, and their correspondence with iron status variables in male Guatemalan volunteers. METHODS: Eight healthy adult males provided serial samples of serum and urine without previous iron dosing over 6 intervals during a 9-week protocol period. Prohepcidin was assayed by a commercial enzyme immunoassay, and hepcidin-25 species in serum and urine were analysed by time-of-flight mass spectrometry after prior enrichment procedures. RESULTS: Serum hepcidin-25 levels correlated significantly with urinary hepcidin-25 concentrations, whereas serum and urinary prohepcidin were not associated with one another or with the homologous or converse formats for hepcidin-25. Serum ferritin and transferrin saturation were significantly correlated with serum hepcidin-25 concentrations, but not with urine hepcidin-25 or with either format of prohepcidin. CONCLUSION: Hepcidin-25 shows correspondence across biological fluids, and the background 'status' of hepcidin activation may be related to the host's iron stores, whereas prohepcidin concentrations showed no promise in this regard. 
UNLABELLED: The presence of autonomic dysfunction in HIV patients is largely unknown. Early studies found autonomic dysfunction in patients with AIDS. Antiretroviral combination therapy (ART) has dramatically changed the course of the disease and improved prognosis and decreased morbidity. AIM: To evaluate whether autonomic dysfunction is present in an ART treated HIV population and if so to identify factors of importance. METHODS: HIV patients receiving ART for at least 12 months (n=97) and an age-matched control group of healthy volunteers (n=52) were included. All were non-diabetic and had never received medication for hypertension. Following a 10 min resting period a 15 min ECG recording was performed. Heart-rate variability (HRV) analysis was performed in accordance with current guidelines and data reported as mean [interquartile range]. RESULTS: Mean normal-to-normal (NN) and total HRV measured as standard deviation of normal-to-normal (SDNN) was lower in HIV patients compared to controls (905 vs. 982 ms; p<0.001 and 48 vs. 54 ms; p=0.028, respectively). No differences were found between the groups in parasympathetic activity measured as square root of the mean squared difference of successive NN-intervals (RMSSD) or the percent of differences between adjacent NN intervals greater than 50 ms (pNN50). In the HIV positives, haemoglobin A1c correlated inversely with SDNN, RMSSD and pNN50 (p<0.05). Total cholesterol and LDL-C correlated inversely with RMSSD and pNN50 (p<0.05). Neither HIV duration, HIV-RNA, CD4 cell count nor CD4 nadir correlated with time or phase domain HRV variables. CONCLUSIONS: Moderate autonomic dysfunction is present in HIV positives patients even with suppressed viral load due to ART. The dysfunction is correlated with HbA1c and hypercholesterolemia but not to duration of HIV or whether the patients were receiving protease inhibitors as part of the ART regime. 
Recent concerns have arisen about the specificity and interpretation of the autologous serum skin test (ASST), suggesting that ASST might produce false-positive results, and proposing the use of autologous plasma (APST) instead for intradermal testing in autoreactive urticaria. We investigated autoreactivity to autologous plasma and compared the results for reproducibility, sensitivity, specificity and accuracy and evaluated their association with quality of life and anti-TPO antibodies. 70 adults with chronic spontaneous urticaria (CU) and 62 controls underwent testing with ASST and APST and the tests were repeated two days after the first visit. Blood tests measured anti-TPO levels. Disease activity was assessed by urticaria activity score (UAS-7) and quality of life impairment was assessed by DLQI and CU-Q(2)oL. There were no statistically significant differences between ASST (+) and ASST (-) and also APST (+) and APST (-) patients with regard to disease duration, anti-TPO antibodies, urticaria activity scores, DLQI scores and CU-Q(2)oL scores. The results of first ASST and APST were well correlated with the results of second ASST and APST. The specificity of the two tests was similar, while ASST had a higher sensitivity and accuracy. Our results showed that there is no need to use autologous plasma instead of autologous serum for intradermal testing in CU.
Metabolomics is a promising tool for discovery of novel biomarkers of chronic disease risk in prospective epidemiologic studies. We investigated the between- and within-person variation of the concentrations of 163 serum metabolites over a period of 4 months to evaluate the metabolite reliability expressed by the intraclass-correlation coefficient (ICC: the ratio of between-person variance and total variance). The analyses were performed with the BIOCRATES AbsoluteIDQ targeted metabolomics technology, including acylcarnitines, amino acids, glycerophospholipids, sphingolipids and hexose in 100 healthy individuals from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Potsdam study who had provided two fasting blood samples 4 months apart. Overall, serum reliability of metabolites over a 4-month period was good. The median ICC of the 163 metabolites was 0.57. The highest ICC was observed for hydroxysphingomyelin C14:1 (ICC=0.85) and the lowest was found for acylcarnitine C3:1 (ICC=0). Reliability was high for hexose (ICC=0.76), sphingolipids (median ICC=0.66; range: 0.24-0.85), amino acids (median ICC=0.58; range: 0.41-0.72) and glycerophospholipids (median ICC=0.58; range: 0.03-0.81). Among acylcarnitines, reliability of short and medium chain saturated compounds was good to excellent (ICC range: 0.50-0.81). Serum reliability was lower for most hydroxyacylcarnitines and monounsaturated acylcarnitines (ICC range: 0.11-0.45 and 0.00-0.63, respectively). For most of the metabolites a single measurement may be sufficient for risk assessment in epidemiologic studies with healthy subjects.
AIM: The purpose of this article was to evaluate the reliability of maternal serum triple marker screening of alpha-fetoprotein, human chorionic gonadotropin, and unconjugated estriol for the prenatal diagnosis of fetal chromosomal abnormalities in Turkish pregnant women. METHOD: Medical records were used to analyze indications of amniocentesis and quantitative fluorescent-polymerase chain reaction. Anomaly screening was performed for all patients between 13 and 22 weeks of pregnancy. A total of 1725 pregnancies with chromosomal abnormality risk according to triple test screening were accepted for fetal chromosome analysis and quantitative fluorescent-polymerase chain reaction. RESULTS: Chromosomal aberrations were observed in 56 (3.2%) cases. About 44.6% of the abnormalities detected were numerical aberrations; however, 55.3% of the abnormalities were structural aberrations. Abnormalities detected were inversion of chromosome 9 in 20 cases, trisomy 21 in 14 cases, 46,XX/47,XX, +21 in 1 case, trisomy 18 in 2 cases, trisomy 13 in 1 case, 47,XXY, in 1 case, 45,X, in 1 case, structural abnormalities in 12 cases, and mosaic or tetraploidy in 6 cases. CONCLUSION: Second trimester triple test is an effective screening tool for detecting fetal Down syndrome in Turkish women. 
OBJECTIVE: The A1C-Derived Average Glucose (ADAG) study demonstrated a linear relationship between HbA(1c) and mean plasma glucose (MPG). As glucose variability (GV) may contribute to glycation, we examined the association of several glucose variability indices and the MPG-HbA(1c) relationship. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Analyses included 268 patients with type 1 diabetes and 159 with type 2 diabetes. MPG during 3 months was calculated from 7-point self-monitored plasma glucose and continuous glucose monitoring. We calculated three different measures of GV and used a multiple-step regression model to determine the contribution of the respective GV measures to the MPG-HbA(1c) relationship. RESULTS: GV, as reflected by SD and continuous overlapping net glycemic action, had a significant effect on the MPG-HbA(1c) relationship in type 1 diabetic patients so that high GV led to a higher HbA(1c) level for the same MPG. In type 1 diabetes, the impact of confounding and effect modification of a low versus high SD at an MPG level of 160 mg/dL on the HbA(1c) level is 7.02 vs. 7.43 and 6.96 vs. 7.41. All GV measures showed the same tendency. CONCLUSIONS: In only type 1 diabetic patients, GV shows a significant interaction with MPG in the association with HbA(1c). This effect is more pronounced at higher HbA(1c) levels. However, the impact of GV on the HbA(1c) level in type 1 diabetes is modest, particularly when HbA(1c) is close to the treatment target of 7%. 
OBJECTIVE: Hypothermia impairs blood glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity. However, the impact of therapeutic hypothermia on blood glucose levels and insulin requirements is unknown. We analyzed blood glucose variability during therapeutic hypothermia in patients with coma after cardiac arrest and examined its impact on outcome. DESIGN: Prospective observational study. SETTING: Two university hospital medical/surgical intensive care units. PATIENTS: Comatose cardiac arrest patients treated with therapeutic hypothermia (33C, 24 hrs). INTERVENTIONS: Insulin therapy (blood glucose target 6-8 mmol/L [110-150 mg/dL]), according to a written algorithm, with nurse-driven adjustment of insulin dose. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Two-hundred and twenty patients (median age 61 yrs, median time to return of spontaneous circulation 20 min) were studied. Two time periods, comparable in duration, were categorized: therapeutic hypothermia (stable maintenance phase) and normothermia (after rewarming). Blood glucose variability was defined as the difference between maximum and minimum blood glucose concentration during each time period. Mean blood glucose (8.32.3 vs. 7.11.3 mmol/L), blood glucose variability (5.73.9 vs. 3.73.6 mmol/L), and insulin dose (22 vs. 11 U/h) were higher during therapeutic hypothermia compared to normothermia (all p<.001). Higher mean blood glucose (7.91.8 mmol/L in survivors vs. 8.72.6 mmol/L in nonsurvivors, p=.02) and increased blood glucose variability (4.93.5 vs. 6.54.1 mmol/L, p=.003) during therapeutic hypothermia were associated with mortality. After adjusting for time to return of spontaneous circulation, initial arrest rhythm, and cardiac arrest etiology, increased blood glucose variability during therapeutic hypothermia, but not mean blood glucose level, was an independent predictor of inhospital mortality (odds ratio for death 1.10 [confidence interval 1.02-1.19], p=.016). CONCLUSIONS: Mild therapeutic hypothermia is associated with higher blood glucose levels, increased blood glucose variability, and greater insulin requirements compared to the postrewarming normothermic phase. Increased blood glucose variability during therapeutic hypothermia is a predictor of inhospital mortality after cardiac arrest, independent of injury severity and mean blood glucose levels. 
BACKGROUND: Intraoperative parathyroid hormone (IoPTH) testing is useful in the management of hyperparathyroidism. The successful removal of hypersecreting parathyroids is indicated by a decrease in PTH levels >50% within 15 min. A subset of patients with mild hyperparathyroidism will actually have starting PTH levels in the normal range. We sought to determine if IoPTH testing is necessary in these patients and if the 50% rule delineating surgical cure is reliable. METHODS: A retrospective review was performed on all patients who underwent parathyroidectomy for hyperparathyroidism at a single institution from 3/2001 to 8/2008. RESULTS: Of the 1,001 patients, 142 (14%) had mild hyperparathyroidism and normal baseline PTH levels (<65 pg/ml). Their mean PTH was 59  1 pg/ml. During surgery, 105 (74%) had a >50% decline in PTH levels after resection of hyperfunctioning parathyroid glands, and their operations were terminated. In contrast, 37 (26%) patients did not have a >50% decline in PTH levels leading to further surgical exploration. In these 37 patients, the PTH levels fell by >50% after the removal of the additional glands in 25 patients (17.6%) and dropped after 20 min in 7 patients (4.9%). In 5 patients (3.5%) the IoPTH did not drop. Of the 142 total patients, 91 had single adenomas and 51 patients had multi-gland disease. All patients (100%) were cured (normal serum calcium after 6 months). CONCLUSIONS: Intraoperative PTH testing plays an important role in the operative management in 14% of patients with mild hyperparathyroidism. Importantly, a 50% decline in IoPTH level within 15 min of parathyroidectomy is 96.5% reliable in predicting cure in these patients with PTH starting in the normal range. 
Previous measurements of acetone concentrations in the exhaled breath of healthy individuals and the small amount of comparable data for individuals suffering from diabetes are briefly reviewed as a prelude to the presentation of new data on the sporadic and wide variations of breath acetone that occur in ostensibly healthy individuals. Data are also presented which show that following a ketogenic diet taken by eight healthy individuals their breath acetone concentrations increased up to five times over the subsequent 6 h. Similarly, the breath acetone increased six and nine times when a low carbohydrate diet was taken by two volunteers and remained high for the several days for which the diet was continued. These new data, together with the previous data, clearly indicate that diet and natural intra-individual biological and diurnal variability result in wide variations in breath acetone concentration. This places an uncertainty in the use of breath acetone alone to monitor blood glucose and glycaemic control, except and unless the individual acts as their own control and is cognizant of the need for dietary control.
PURPOSE: To determine intraindividual variability in concentrations of homocysteine and related thiols in follicular fluids of particular follicles after ovarian stimulation and assess the differences between follicles with/or without oocytes. METHODS: HPLC-FD analysis of plasma and follicular fluid cysteine, homocysteine, cysteinylglycine and glutathione in women undergoing IVF. RESULTS: In blood plasma, the homocysteine, cysteine, and cysteinylglycine concentrations decreased significantly during stimulation with rec FSH (p<0.001). We found significant differences in concentrations of cysteine and glutathione between follicles with or without retrieved oocytes. High intraindividual variability in concentrations of thiols was determined. CONCLUSIONS: The concentration variability of thiols between single follicles is very high and we recommend mean at least from 3 follicles with/or without oocytes for characterization of each woman. It is the best to examine individual follicles for further research and analysis of fertility outcomes. 
OBJECTIVE: To validate use of chip-based immunoaffinity capillary electrophoresis on dried blood spot samples (DBSS) to measure obesity-related hormones. METHODS: Chip-based immunoaffinity capillary electrophoresis was used to measure adiponectin, leptin and insulin in capillary serum and DBSS in pregnant women and infant heelstick at birth and six weeks. Concordance of measurements was determined with Pearson's correlation and Bland-Altman plots. RESULTS: We report high concordance between results obtained from serum and DBSS. CONCLUSIONS: Ease of sample collection and storage makes DBSS an optimal method for use in studies involving neonates and young children, as well as studies conducted in areas where freezer storage is not available. 
BACKGROUND: Serum measurements of cytokines, mediators of various B and T cell activities, are important markers of inflammation and immune dysregulation. We assessed the reproducibility of serum cytokine measurements over a five-year period among participants in the Prostate, Lung, Colorectal, and Ovarian Cancer Screening Trial (PLCO). METHODS: Levels of 13 cytokines [interleukin (IL) 1, IL-2, IL-4, IL-5, IL-6, IL-7, IL-8, IL-10, IL-12p70, IL-13, interferon-gamma (IFN), granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), and tumor necrosis factor- (TNF)] in stored sera from three collections (study baseline,+1 year, and+5 years) among 28 randomly selected PLCO participants were measured using a high-sensitivity Luminex xMap-based multiplex panel. Within- and between-subject components of variance were estimated from random effects models and were used to calculate the coefficient of variation (CV) and intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) for analytes with <30% of samples below the limit of detection (LOD). Spearman correlation coefficients between measurements of the same analyte over time and between analytes were also calculated. RESULTS: Among the six cytokines with <30% of samples below the LOD, we observed excellent reproducibility for IL-6, IL-7, IL-13, and TNF (ICC0.73), and fair to good reproducibility for IL-8 (ICC=0.55) and IL-10 (ICC=0.60). Spearman correlation coefficients comparing paired measurements of each cytokine at baseline and at +5 years were high (0.74) with the exception of IL-10 (=0.44). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that measurements of most of the cytokines evaluated in this study were highly reproducible over five-year periods. 
Plasma alkylresorcinols (AR) are useful as dietary biomarkers of wheat and rye whole grain (WG) during interventions but need to be validated in free-living populations. This study estimated the medium-term reproducibility and relative validity of plasma AR as biomarkers of WG and cereal fiber intake. Seventy-two Swedish adults kept 3-d weighed food records on 2 occasions 2-3 mo apart. Of these men and women, 51 provided a fasting blood sample at the end of each occasion. In addition, 18 participants provided 3 fasting and 3 nonfasting samples for 3 consecutive days on the first and second occasions, respectively. Dietary and blood variables did not differ between the 2 occasions. Nonfasting plasma total AR concentration [210 nmol/L (95% CI: 140, 314)] was higher than fasting [99 nmol/L (95% CI: 72, 137)] (P < 0.0001). Mean WG intake was 70  61 g/d (41% from rye) and the intra-class correlation coefficient was 0.44 (95% CI: 0.26, 0.63) for total WG intake and 0.47 (95% CI: 0.27, 0.67) for the fasting plasma total AR concentration, suggesting moderate reproducibility. Fasting plasma total AR moderately correlated with WG rye + wheat (r(s) = 0.53; P < 0.001) and cereal fiber intake (r(s) = 0.32; P < 0.05) when using mean values from both occasions. This suggests that plasma AR concentration in fasting samples can be used as a biomarker of rye + wheat WG intake in free-living populations with a high and consistent WG intake.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Our previous report showed that parvovirus B19 genotype 1 in different solutions derived from plasma preparations showed different heat-sensitivity patterns during liquid-heating. In this study, we similarly examined B19 genotype 2. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Two plasma samples one containing B19 genotype 1 and the other genotype 2 DNA were used. Four process samples collected immediately before the heat treatment step in the manufacture of albumin, immunoglobulin, haptoglobin and antithrombin preparations were spiked with B19 and subsequently treated at 60C for 10 h. A low pH immunoglobulin solution was also spiked with B19 and treated at room temperature for 14 days. Infectivity was then measured. RESULTS: B19 genotype 2, similar to genotype 1, showed three patterns of inactivation: (i) a rapid inactivation in the albumin and immunoglobulin preparations, (ii) a slow inactivation in the haptoglobin preparation and (iii) only limited inactivation in the antithrombin preparation. Its sensitivity in the low pH immunoglobulin solutions also resembled that of genotype 1. CONCLUSION: Both genotypes 1 and 2 of B19 varied in sensitivity to liquid-heating and low pH among different plasma preparations. 
This study examines seasonal changes in the activities of selected biomarkers in carp (Cyprinus carpio L.) from Karakaya Dam Lake and evaluates the influence of gender and environmental factors on those activities. Physicochemical characteristics of water were evaluated in the lakewater. Fish were sampled on seasonal basis, and liver ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD), glutathione-S-transferase, glutathione reductase, plasma lactate dehydrogenase, aspartate and alanine aminotransferase, and brain acetylcholinesterase (AChE) activities were assayed. Plasma vitellogenin level and hepatosomatic index and condition factors were also determined. Strong seasonal variations were observed but there were no gender differences among selected markers. The highest vitellogenin level of male fish was detected as 606ng/mL which represents the estrogenicity of water in the lake in September 2005. In addition, the seasonal changes of some biomarkers such as EROD and AChE showed that the lake may be at risk of pollution by some xenobiotics arising from agricultural and/or industrial activities.
The characterization of the normal urinary proteome is steadily progressing and represents a major interest in the assessment of clinical urinary biomarkers. To estimate quantitatively the variability of the normal urinary proteome, urines of 20 healthy people were collected. We first evaluated the impact of the sample conservation temperature on urine proteome integrity. Keeping the urine sample at RT or at +4C until storage at -80C seems the best way for long-term storage of samples for 2D-GE analysis. The quantitative variability of the normal urinary proteome was estimated on the 20 urines mapped by 2D-GE. The occurrence of the 910 identified spots was analysed throughout the gels and represented in a virtual 2D gel. Sixteen percent of the spots were found to occur in all samples and 23% occurred in at least 90% of urines. About 13% of the protein spots were present only in 10% or less of the samples, thus representing the most variable part of the normal urinary proteome. Twenty proteins corresponding to a fraction of the fully conserved spots were identified by mass spectrometry. In conclusion, a "public" urinary proteome, common to healthy individuals, seems to coexist with a "private" urinary proteome, which is more specific to each individual.
Desmosine and isodesmosine are products of elastin breakdown which are candidate biomarkers to measure lung destruction in COPD. Data exist on the burden of desmosines in urine and plasma in COPD but long-term changes have never been investigated. We determined the changes of desmosine levels over 14 months in urine and plasma of patients with type ZZ alpha-1-antitryspsin deficiency-related COPD. Urines and plasma for determination of desmosines were collected from 11 ex-smokers with moderate/severe emphysema at monthly intervals for 14 months. Spirometry and gas transfer were assessed at baseline and 6-month intervals. At baseline and month 14, eleven healthy partners of patients volunteered to give a blood sample for detection of desmosines. Desmosines were determined by capillary electrophoresis combined with laser-induced fluorescence. Urine and plasma desmosines were significantly increased after 14 months in patients (p = 0.027 and p = 0.0005, respectively). Plasma desmosines of healthy partners at baseline were 4-fold lower than from patients and not significantly different from values at month 14. Only a significant decline in lung gas transfer occurred in patients (p = 0.015). The variability of desmosines was higher in urine than in plasma (coefficient of variation 0.17 and 0.087, respectively). As longitudinal desmosine changes likely reflect the elevated elastic fiber turnover associated with the progression of lung damage and destruction in COPD, they appear to be a suitable marker for application in long-term studies. Plasma desmosines were more stable long-term biomarkers than desmosines in urine.
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: This study aims to measure self-report urinary incontinence questions' reproducibility and agreement with bladder diary. METHODS: Data were analyzed from the Reproductive Risk of Incontinence Study at Kaiser. Participating women reporting at least weekly incontinence completed self-report incontinence questions and a 7-day bladder diary. Self-report question reproducibility was assessed and agreement between self-reported and diary-recorded voiding and incontinence frequency was measured. Test characteristics and area under the curve were calculated for self-reported incontinence types using diary as the gold standard. RESULTS: Five hundred ninety-one women were included and 425 completed a diary. The self-report questions had moderate reproducibility and self-reported and diary-recorded incontinence and voiding frequencies had moderate to good agreement. Self-reported incontinence types identified stress and urgency incontinence more accurately than mixed incontinence. CONCLUSIONS: Self-report incontinence questions have moderate reproducibility and agreement with diary, and considering their minimal burden, are acceptable research tools in epidemiologic studies. 
BACKGROUND: This study compared the effects of insulin glargine and insulin detemir on blood glucose variability under clinical practice conditions in patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D) using glulisine as the mealtime insulin. METHODS: This was a multicenter, crossover trial in 88 randomized T1D patients: 54 men and 34 women, 46.813.7 years old, with a duration of diabetes of 189 years and hemoglobin A1c level of 7.10.7%. The per-protocol population included 78 patients: 44 received glargine/detemir and 34 detemir/glargine in the first/second 16-week period, respectively. The primary end point was the coefficient of variation (CV) of fasting blood glucose (FBG). Secondary end points included variability of pre-dinner blood glucose, mean amplitude of glycemic excursions, mean of daily differences, and doses and number of daily insulin injections. The non-inferiority criterion was an insulin glargine/insulin detemir FBG CV ratio with a 95% confidence interval (CI) upper limit 1.25. RESULTS: The non-inferiority criterion was satisfied with a mean value of 1.016 (95% CI=0.970-1.065). Intention-to-treat analysis confirmed the non-inferiority with a 95% CI upper limit=1.062. No significant differences were found on secondary objectives, but there was a trend to higher doses and number of daily injections with insulin detemir. A total of eight (four glargine and four detemir) patients reported nine serious adverse events (including one severe episode of hypoglycemia). None of them was considered as related to basal insulins. Serious adverse events led to treatment discontinuation in two patients of the detemir group and none in the glargine group. CONCLUSIONS: In T1D patients under clinical practice conditions, insulin glargine was non-inferior to insulin detemir regarding blood glucose variability, as assessed by CV of FBG. 
Innate immunity plays an important role in preventing (barrier function) or combating infection (effector function). An important humoral component of innate immunity is formed by natural antibodies (NAb). The objectives of this study were to determine presence, variation among cows and repeatability within cows over time of total NAb titers directed to the pathogen-associated molecular patterns lipopolysaccharide, lipoteichoic acid (LTA) and peptidoglycan, and titers of NAb directed to the glycoprotein keyhole limpet hemocyanin in milk and plasma of individual cows. Furthermore in milk the antibody isotypes IgG1, IgG2, IgM and IgA binding LTA were analyzed. Ten milk and blood samples were obtained from each of 20 clinically healthy dairy cows from first to seventh parity during a period of 3 weeks. Total NAb binding lipopolysaccharide, LTA, peptidoglycan, and keyhole limpet hemocyanin were detected in milk and plasma, with titers considerably higher in plasma than in milk. Total NAb titers showed significant variation among cows, and repeatability within cows over time (ranging from 0.60 to 0.93). Titers of NAb in milk and plasma were positively correlated (correlation ranging from 0.69 to 0.91). Natural antibodies in milk binding LTA were of all 4 isotypes tested, although IgG2 was on average only present at low titers. All 4 isotypes in milk binding LTA also showed variation among cows, and repeatability within cows over time (ranging from 0.84 to 0.92). We conclude that NAb can be measured in a consistent and repeatable manner in bovine milk and blood plasma.
Spontaneous epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) in the chicken presents a similar pathogenesis compared with humans including CA-125 expression and genetic mutational frequencies (e.g., p53). The high prevalence of spontaneous EOC chickens also provides a unique experimental model for biomarker discovery at the genomic, proteomic, glycomic, and metabolomic level. In an effort to exploit this unique model for biomarker discovery, longitudinal plasma samples were collected from chickens at three month intervals for one year. The study described herein involved cleaving the N-glycans from these longitudinal chicken plasma samples and analyzing them via nanoLC-FTMS/MS. Glycans identified in this study were previously found in human plasma and this work provides a promising methodology to enable longitudinal studies of the N-linked plasma glycome profile during EOC progression. The structure, abundance, and intra-variability and inter-variability for 35 N-linked glycans identified in this study are reported. The full potential of the chicken model for biomarker discovery has yet to be realized, but the initial interrogation of longitudinally-procured samples provides evidence that supports the value of this strategy in the search for glycomic biomarkers.
BACKGROUND: Triglyceride (TG) levels measured in either the fasting or non-fasting state predict the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Since CVD risk assessment is affected by variability in TG, the aim of the study was to investigate intra-individual variability of non-fasting TG. METHODS: Capillary triglyceride (cTG) levels were measured in 246 free-living individuals at six time-points during the day on three separate occasions. Intra-individual variability in cTG was assessed by calculating the standard deviation of three measures at each time-point. Subjects were analyzed by gender and by fasting TG level. RESULTS: In the fasting state, intra-individual variability was similar in males and females (0.28 and 0.35 mmol/l, respectively), but increased significantly in male but not in female subjects during the day, i.e., 0.28 to 0.69, and 0.35 to 0.36 mmol/l, resp. Subjects with higher fasting TG levels had greater absolute variability in both fasting and non-fasting TG. CONCLUSIONS: The variability in non-fasting TG is greater in males and in individuals with higher levels of TG. Since greatest variability in non-fasting TG occurs very late in the day, it is unlikely to affect the assessment of CVD risk, which is based on a blood sample taken during daylight hours. 
We recently showed the diagnostic value of a new immunophenotype of blood  endothelial progenitor cells (EPC)  (CD45(-)/CD34(+)/CD144(+)) and endothelial  microparticles (EMP) (CD45(-)/CD144(+)/annexin  V(+)) in patients with arterial erectile dysfunction (AED),  particularly in patients with associated late-onset hypogonadism and/or  metabolic syndrome. In addition, we evaluated the effects of androgen  replacement therapy, aerobic physical activity, and tadalafil administration  on these markers. The aim of this study was to evaluate the serum  concentrations of EPCs and EMPs in a large cohort of patients with AED  according to severity of cavernous arterial insufficiency evaluated by penile  Doppler. A total of 120 patients (aged 58.0  6.0 years) with AED were  enrolled in this study. Patients were classified into 3 groups based on value  of peak systolic velocity (PSV). Group A: 37 patients with PSV <25 cm/s  (severe arterial insufficiency); group B: 40 patients with PSV between 25 and  29 cm/s (moderate arterial insufficiency); group C: 43 patients with PSV  between 30 and 34 cm/s (mild arterial insufficiency). Twenty patients (aged  60.0  3.0 years) with psychogenic erectile dysfunction (PED)  represented the control group. EPC and EMP blood concentrations were evaluated  by flow cytometry. Patients with AED had significantly higher blood pressure,  triglyceride levels, homeostasis model assessment index of insulin resistance,  cavernous artery acceleration time, and intima-media thickness than those with  PED, whereas International Index of Erectile Function score, high-density  lipoprotein cholesterol level, and cavernous artery PSV were lower than those  in PED. Both EPC and EMP levels were significantly higher in patients with AED  compared with patients with PED. Among 3 groups of patients with AED, there  were no significant differences in metabolic parameters examined, but group A  showed significantly higher values of cavernous artery acceleration time and  intima-media thickness than group B and group C. Finally, group A showed serum  concentrations of EPCs and EMPs significantly higher compared with other  groups with AED. Patients with AED showed worse metabolic parameters,  cavernous artery parameters, and EPC and EMP levels compared with patients  with PED. Among patients with AED, those with PSV <25 cm/s showed worse  findings of endothelial dysfunction. This suggests that AED is an expression  of endothelial damage and that this original immunophenotype of EPCs and EMPs  may be considered a predictor of endothelial dysfunction in patients with AED.  Finally, this study confirmed the reliability of penile Doppler evaluation  integrated with these serum markers of endothelial dysfunction.
AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: To enable people with Type 1 diabetes to exercise safely by investigating the reproducibility of the glucose response to an algorithm for carbohydrate and insulin adjustment during and after exercise compared to their self-management strategies. BACKGROUND: Difficulties in managing blood glucose levels in Type 1 diabetes whilst exercising is known to deter people from exercise. Currently there is a limited evidence base to aid health care professionals enable people with diabetes to exercise safely. This study seeks to address this gap. DESIGN: A quasi-experimental study was undertaken amongst people with Type 1 diabetes. METHODS: Over 14 days, 14 participants undertook four exercise sessions (40 minutes at 50%VO2max). Two sessions were undertaken in week 1 self-managing their diabetes and two sessions in week 2 using an algorithm for carbohydrate and insulin adjustment. RESULTS: The mean reduction of glucose levels detected by Continuous Glucose Monitoring during exercise was 31 (SD 203) mmol/l. Time spent within the range of 4-9 mmol/l during exercise was not significantly different between the self-managed and the algorithm weeks (-3-224 min). The mean reduction of blood glucose for each individual over all four exercise sessions ranged between 08-595 mmol/l. The technical error between days one and two was 24 mmol/l (CV=332%) and between days 3-4 the technical error was 27 mmol/l (CV=337%). CONCLUSIONS: The results provide useful data about the reproducibility of the blood glucose response to moderate intensity exercise, despite the variability of individual responses 40 minutes of moderate intensity exercise decreases Continuous Glucose Monitoring glucose by 3 mmol/l with or without a 30% decrease of insulin before exercise. RELEVANCE TO CLINICAL PRACTICE: This information provides valuable baseline information for people with diabetes and health care professionals who wish to encourage physical activity and undertake further research in this area. 
Although a single measurement of urinary cotinine is often used for biological monitoring, the validity of this measurement for estimating long-term exposure has not been well evaluated. The purpose of this study was to determine the efficacy of using a single measurement per person to estimate long-term smoking exposure in an elderly population. Analysis was conducted using a cohort of elderly subjects for whom multiple urinary cotinine measurements had been collected over eight weeks. The mixed-effects model of urinary cotinine indicated that interpersonal variability was greater than temporal variability. The efficacy of using single measurements to track the mean long-term exposure of a population is supported by the relatively consistent population averages. The classification of high and low exposure groups using a single measurement or using eight measurements produced similar group distributions. When using cut-off levels of 20 and 100 g cotinine/g creatinine, 9.3% and 5.6% of individual exposures were misclassified, respectively, when using a single measurement. Urinary cotinine can be a useful biomarker for characterizing exposure to tobacco smoke. Although the incidence of misclassification decreased with an increase in the number of measurements, a single measurement of the urinary cotinine level may accurately represent long-term exposure to tobacco smoke.
BACKGROUNDS: Variability of blood trough concentration (C0) in immunosuppressant leads to rejection and graft loss after kidney transplantation. METHODS: The aim of this study is to prospectively investigate the change of within-patient variability among stable kidney transplant recipients with conversion from twice-daily Prograf to the same milligram-for-milligram daily dose of once-daily Advagraf. RESULTS: The mean age of 129 patients was 51.312.1 years. The conversion to Advagraf was administrated at 6.34.8 years after transplantation. The daily dose was changed from 4.72.0 mg to 4.92.1 mg after conversion. Only six patients increased daily dose by 16.7% to 25% to maintain target levels. The whole blood C0 of tacrolimus before conversion was 5.91.7 ng/mL. The mean C0 was significantly reduced after conversion to Advagraf; it was 4.91.5 ng/mL on the seventh day (P<0.001) and 5.4 to 5.5 ng/mL at 1 to 6 months (P<0.05). Forty-one (31.8%) patients have reduced C0 of more than 25% on the seventh day. The percent coefficient of variation of tacrolimus C0 more than 22.5% before conversion is associated with higher risk of reduced C0 after conversion (P<0.05). Compared with before conversion, less kidney transplant recipients have percent coefficient of variation more than 22.5% after conversion (3.1% vs. 17.4% with P<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: The results support that conversion from Prograf to Advagraf among kidney transplant recipient leads to a significantly lower C0 and within-patient variability of tacrolimus C0. The within-patient variability of C0 before conversion influences C0 on the sevent day after conversion to Advagraf. 
The analysis of cortisol in human hair constitutes a promising method for the retrospective assessment of cumulative cortisol secretion over extended periods of time. An implicit assumption underlying the use of this method is that in the absence of major life changes hair cortisol concentrations show a high level of intraindividual stability, i.e. single hair cortisol assessments exhibit considerable trait-specificity and are only to a smaller extent influenced by state-dependent factors. Here, we present data from two independent studies examining patterns of intraindividual stability in hair cortisol levels. In study I, 45 participants were examined at two sampling points carried out one year apart from each other. In study II, 64 individuals provided data at three sampling points which occurred at two-month intervals. In both studies, at each time point hair was sampled and relevant psychosocial and hair-related variables were assessed. Results of both studies consistently revealed strong test-retest associations for repeated hair cortisol measurements ('r's between 0.68 and 0.79, 'p's <0.0001). Findings of structural equation modelling applied to data of study II showed that single hair cortisol assessments comprise a strong trait component, explaining between 59 and 82% of variance, and are only to a lesser extent influenced by state-related factors. Only inconsistent evidence for covariation of changes in hair cortisol concentrations and simultaneous changes in perceived stress or other relevant variables was seen across the two studies. The current findings suggest a considerable degree of intraindividual stability in hair cortisol levels which highlights the utility of this method for obtaining trait estimates of long-term cortisol secretion in psychoneuroendocrinological research.
SETTING: Investigation of trace metal behaviour during the treatment of active pulmonary tuberculosis (PTB) patients residing in Romania. OBJECTIVE: To assess, follow and identify serum iron (Fe), copper (Cu) and zinc (Zn) levels in patients diagnosed and treated for active PTB. DESIGN: Chemical and statistical analysis of various biochemical parameters in 47 subjects diagnosed with active PTB and 170 healthy Romanian residents. RESULTS: Copper and ceruloplasmin levels were increased in patients with active PTB compared to the control group (P < 0.01), while  the serum Zn level was significantly lower than in healthy subjects (P < 0.01) or within the normal range. The present study shows that there is a significant correlation between serum Cu concentrations and ceruloplasmin. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides preliminary evidence that  Zn and Fe redistribution is operating as a primary host defence mechanism to reduce the availability of metals for microbial metabolism during infection. The study also calls attention to the fact that anti-tuberculosis treatment is sufficient to enhance the concentration of the antioxidant  species (Cu and ceruloplasmin). The data obtained suggest that serum Cu, Zn and Cu/Zn levels may serve as indirect pointers in the diagnosis of a disease but they cannot be considered as specific markers for TB. 
BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: QUASAR is a particular application of the ASL method and facilitates the user-independent quantification of brain perfusion. The purpose of this study was to assess the intermodality agreement of TBF measurements obtained with ASL and DSC MR imaging and the inter- and intraobserver reproducibility of glioma TBF measurements acquired by ASL at 3T. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Two observers independently measured TBF in 24 patients with histologically proved glioma. ASL MR imaging with QUASAR and DSC MR imaging were performed on 3T scanners. The observers placed 5 regions of interest in the solid tumor on rCBF maps derived from ASL and DSC MR images and 1 region of interest in the contralateral brain and recorded the measured values. Maximum and average sTBF values were calculated. Intermodality and intra- and interobsever agreement were determined by using 95% Bland-Altman limits of agreement and ICCs. RESULTS: The intermodality agreement for maximum sTBF was good to excellent on DSC and ASL images; ICCs ranged from 0.718 to 0.884. The 95% limits of agreement ranged from 59.2% to 65.4% of the mean. ICCs for intra- and interobserver agreement for maximum sTBF ranged from 0.843 to 0.850 and from 0.626 to 0.665, respectively. The reproducibility of maximum sTBF measurements obtained by methods was similar. CONCLUSIONS: In the evaluation of sTBF in gliomas, ASL with QUASAR at 3T yielded measurements and reproducibility similar to those of DSC perfusion MR imaging. 
PURPOSE: To describe a new semiautomated method for segmenting and measuring the volume of the muscle, bone, and adipose (subcutaneous and intermuscular) tissue in calf muscle compartments using magnetic resonance (MR) images and determine the intrarater and interrater reproducibility of the measures. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Proton-density weighted MR images were acquired from the right calf of 21 subjects. Three raters segmented and measured the volumes of bones, adipose tissue, and five individual muscle compartments. Two raters repeated the segmentations. The intra- and interrater reproducibility of the measures (intraclass correlation coefficients; ICC) were determined using generalizability theory. RESULTS: All ICC values were greater than 0.96. The average standard error of the mean (SEM) of all measures was 1.21 cm(3) and none were greater than 2.3 cm(3) . Essentially all variation (97% for all measures) was due to subject differences, indicating low error in the measurements. CONCLUSION: The volumetric measurements for the bones, adipose tissue, and muscle in each of the compartments using MRI were highly reproducible. MRI can provide quantitative, reproducible volumetric measures of bone, adipose tissue, and individual muscle compartments in the calf. We believe these methods can be used to quantify specific muscle or adipose volumetric measures for other clinical or research purposes. 
PURPOSE: In dialysis patients, longer survival is associated with a higher residual renal function. Randomized controlled trials are conducted to clarify how residual renal function can be preserved. However, existing methods for measuring residual renal function are uncertain and there is a need for establishing a standard for measurements of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in dialysis patients. METHODS: Cr-EDTA clearances in plasma, urine, and dialysate were evaluated in a sample of 12 hemodialysis and 12 peritoneal dialysis patients. The patients' condition was generally stable, and all patients were investigated twice within 4-10 days. RESULTS: Plasma clearances of Cr-EDTA for all patients ranged between 2.1 and 30.8 mL/min/1.73 m, whereas urinary Cr-EDTA clearances ranged from 0.7-20.0 mL/min/1.73 m. This difference was statistically significant (p < 0.001). Week-to-week reproducibility expressed as coefficients of variation were below or equal to 10% for plasma clearances and 13% for urinary clearances in hemodialysis patients and 14% in peritoneal dialysis patients. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrated a difference between Cr-EDTA plasma and urinary clearances in dialysis patients. Plasma clearance of Cr-EDTA had the best reproducibility. For repeated measurements as in clinical prospective trials, we recommend Cr-EDTA plasma clearance based on blood sampling at 5 + 24 hours with subtraction of Cr-EDTA dialysate clearance in peritoneal dialysis patients. Further studies are needed to corroborate our findings. 
INTRODUCTION: Maintenance of the target blood levels of immunosuppressive drugs is one of the main factors determining transplant function. The aim of this study was to assess the effect of the conversion of tacrolimus from twice daily (Tc) to the prolonged release form administered once daily (Tc-pr) including the variability of blood concentrations and glomerular filtration rates in kidney transplantation patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This retrospective analysis evaluated 52 patients including 23 females, and 29 males with established grafts who underwent a scheduled change of treatment from Tc to Tc-pr. We examined data from six consecutive visits before and six visits after conversion. RESULTS: The average daily dose of Tc was 3.82.6 mg/24 h, whereas mean coefficient of variation (CoV) calculated from the visits before conversion was 68%. After the conversion, the mean total daily dose of Tc-pr was not significantly lower (3.21.8 mg), as was the mean CoV at six subsequent visits 57% (P=ns). Blood concentrations in both analyzed periods remained in the target range (Tc-pr 6.72.9 ng/mL versus Tc-pr 5.01.11) with a lower CoV in the case of Tc-pr compared to Tc (22% versus 44%; P<.001). There was no difference in graft function in the analyzed periods. After conversion, lower blood glucose levels were observed: 103.428.3 mg/dL versus 9525.9 mg/dL (P<.03). CONCLUSIONS: The slow-release form of tacrolimus provided greater stability of drug blood concentrations compared with the standard form administered twice daily. The change of the tacrolimus treatment from Tc to Tc-pr dosing did not effect organ function but seemed to improve glycemic control. 
The aim of the present retrospective observational clinical study was to assess the interindividual pharmacokinetic variability of plasma concentrations of amoxicillin or cloxacillin administered in high doses intravenously in critically ill patients, related to renal function or administration method.Four hundred and two plasma concentrations were measured at steady-state with a high performance liquid chromatography technique in 162 patients treated with 100 - 300 mg/kg/day of intravenous amoxicillin or cloxacillin.For both drugs and administration methods, plasma concentrations were significantly higher for patients with creatinine clearance below 60 ml/min, even though doses were adapted for renal impairment. the correlations calculated between plasma concentrations and creatinine level, creatinine clearance or doses were all low. There were fewer outlying drug concentrations in patients receiving continuous rather than intermittent regimens.Our results are in favor of adapting dosages of these beta-lactam antibiotics based on plasma concentrations, especially in cases of renal impairment.
The purpose of the present study was first to identify drivers of variance in plasma metabolite profiles of cats and dogs that may affect the interpretation of nutritional metabolomic studies. A total of fourteen cats and fourteen dogs housed in environmentally enriched accommodation were fed a single batch of diet to maintain body weight. Fasting blood samples were taken on days 14, 16 and 18 of the study. Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS), liquid chromatography (LC)-MS/MS and solid-phase extraction-LC-MS/MS analyses were used for metabolite profiling. Principal component (PC) analysis that indicated 31 and 27 % of the variance was explained in PC1 and PC2 for cats and dogs, respectively, with most individuals occupying a unique space. As the individual was a major driver of variance in the plasma metabolome, the second objective was to identify metabolites associated with the individual variation observed. The proportion of intra- and inter-individual variance was calculated for 109 cat and 101 dog metabolites with a low intra-individual variance (SD < 0.05). Of these, fifteen cat and six dog metabolites had inter-individual variance accounting for at least 90 % of the total variance. There were four metabolites common to both species (campesterol, DHA, a cholestenol and a sphingosine moiety). Many of the metabolites with >75 % inter-individual variance were common to both species and to similar areas of metabolism. In summary, the individual is an important driver of variance in the fasted plasma metabolome, and specific metabolites and areas of metabolism may be differentially regulated by individuals in two companion animal species.
Proinflammatory cytokine responses might occur in elderly individuals with cardiovascular (CV) disease, cerebro-vascular (CVA) disease, and/or pulmonary disease (PD). Spiritual activation is an important coping mechanism, since psychiatric depression is an important risk factor for these individuals. Thirty-three very elderly individuals (87  8 years) with previous CVD, CVA and/or PD participated in weekly 30 minute sermons by chaplains for over 20 months of chaplain liturgy (CL group). All underwent Holter ECG during the procedures and cardiac autonomic activities were assessed by maximum entropy analysis. Plasma IL-10 and IL-6 levels were compared with 26 age-matched (85  10 years) individuals who did not participate in these activities (non-CL group). Both high frequency (HF) and pNN50 of heart rate variability (HRV) were higher in the CL group than in the non-CL group (HF, 190  55 versus 92  43 nu, P < 0.05; pNN50, 10.5  16% versus 3.6  3.8%, P < 0.05), whereas LF/HF was lower (1.4  1.5 versus 2.2  2.8, P < 0.05). Levels of IL-10/IL-6 were higher in the CL group (3.96  5.0 versus 1.79  1.6, P < 0.05). Hospitalization rates due to CVD and/or PD were lower in the CL group than in the non-CL group (4/33 versus 11/26, P < 0.05). We conclude that spiritual activation can modify proinflammatory cytokines and suppress CVD, CVA and/or PD via vagal modifications. Spiritual activation might be helpful for health in these very elderly individuals.
Microsatellites are commonly used to understand genetic diversity among livestock populations. Nevertheless, most studies have involved the processing of samples in one laboratory or with common standards across laboratories. Our objective was to identify an approach to facilitate the merger of microsatellite data for cross-country comparison of genetic resources when samples were not evaluated in a single laboratory. Eleven microsatellites were included in the analysis of 13 US and 9 Brazilian sheep breeds (N = 706). A Bayesian approach was selected and evaluated with and without a shared set of samples analyzed by each country. All markers had a posterior probability of greater than 0.5, which was higher than predicted as reasonable by the software used. Sensitivity analysis indicated no difference between results with or without shared samples. Cluster analysis showed breeds to be partitioned by functional groups of hair, meat, or wool types (K = 7 and 12 of STRUCTURE). Cross-country comparison of hair breeds indicated substantial genetic distances and within breed variability. The selected approach can facilitate the merger and analysis of microsatellite data for cross-country comparison and extend the utility of previously collected molecular markers. In addition, the result of this type of analysis can be used in new and existing conservation programs.
BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to explore the feasibility and reproducibility of a time-efficient coronary vessel wall measurement approach using an improved motion-sensitized driven equilibrium (iMSDE) pulse sequence. METHODOLOGY: In this study, the iMSDE pulse sequence was first optimized and then applied on a group of healthy volunteers (N=10) to evaluate its feasibility of vessel wall visualization. The same technique was also applied on a separate group of volunteers (N=19) for a reproducibility study by scanning the same subject in two separate sessions. The iMSDE sequence was found to provide good coronary vessel wall delineation. It was also found to provide reproducible coronary vessel wall diameter and thickness measurements in both proximal and middle segments of the right coronary artery. CONCLUSION: The feasibility and reproducibility of iMSDE based coronary vessel wall imaging were demonstrated for the first time, paving the way for further testing in a clinical environment for fast and accurate coronary artery disease detection. 
S100A12 (calgranulin C) is a Ca(2+)-binding protein that has been proposed to play a central role in both innate and acquired immune responses. In humans, S100A12 has been reported to be increased in serum and/or plasma in patients with various inflammatory disorders, and this protein has been suggested to be a sensitive and specific marker for inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). An immunoassay for S100A12 is currently available for use in humans, but antibodies against the human protein do not cross-react with canine S100A12 (cS100A12). Both sensitive and specific markers for canine patients with systemic or localized inflammatory diseases are currently lacking, thus the aim of this study was to develop and analytically validate a radioimmunoassay (RIA) for the quantification of cS100A12 in serum and fecal specimens and to determine the biological variation of cS100A12 in serum from healthy dogs. A competitive liquid-phase RIA was developed and analytically validated by determining assay working range, dilutional parallelism, spiking recovery, and intra- and inter-assay variability. Reference intervals for serum and fecal concentrations of cS100A12 were established from 124 and 65 healthy dogs, respectively, and components of variation for serum cS100A12 were determined from 11 dogs over 2.6 months. The working range of the assay was 0.6-432.7 g/L. No cross-reactivity was observed with the cS100A8/A9 protein complex, the closest structural analogues available. Observed-to-expected ratios (O/E) for the serial dilution of serum and fecal extracts ranged from 97.2 to 146.8% and from 75.3 to 129.8%, respectively. O/E for spiking recovery for serum and fecal extracts ranged from 87.8 to 130.4% and from 84.8 to 143.8%, respectively. Coefficients of variation (CV) for intra- and inter-assay variability for sera were  8.1% and  7.8%, respectively, and were  7.8% and  8.7%, respectively, for fecal extracts. Reference intervals for serum and fecal cS100A12 were 33.2-225.1 g/L and <24-745 ng/g, respectively. For biological variability testing, analytical, intra-individual, inter-individual, and total CV were 5.7, 29.2, 31.2, and 66.0%, respectively, yielding an index of individuality of 0.95 and a minimum critical difference (p<0.05) for sequential values of 84.9%. The RIA for cS100A12 measurement described here is analytically sensitive and specific, linear, accurate, precise, and reproducible, and will facilitate further research into the clinical utility of quantifying serum and fecal cS100A12 in canine patients with inflammatory diseases. Moderate changes in serum cS100A12 concentrations may be clinically relevant; however, the use of a population-based reference interval may require caution.
BACKGROUND: There is a need for biomarkers to better characterise individuals with COPD and to aid with the development of therapeutic interventions. A panel of putative blood biomarkers was assessed in a subgroup of the Evaluation of COPD Longitudinally to Identify Surrogate Endpoints (ECLIPSE) cohort. METHODS: Thirty-four blood biomarkers were assessed in 201 subjects with COPD, 37 ex-smoker controls with normal lung function and 37 healthy non-smokers selected from the ECLIPSE cohort. Biomarker repeatability was assessed using baseline and 3-month samples. Intergroup comparisons were made using analysis of variance, repeatability was assessed through Bland-Altman plots, and correlations between biomarkers and clinical characteristics were assessed using Spearman correlation coefficients. RESULTS: Fifteen biomarkers were significantly different in individuals with COPD when compared to former or non-smoker controls. Some biomarkers, including tumor necrosis factor- and interferon-, were measurable in only a minority of subjects whilst others such as C-reactive protein showed wide variability over the 3-month replication period. Fibrinogen was the most repeatable biomarker and exhibited a weak correlation with 6-minute walk distance, exacerbation rate, BODE index and MRC dyspnoea score in COPD subjects. 33% (66/201) of the COPD subjects reported at least 1 exacerbation over the 3 month study with 18% (36/201) reporting the exacerbation within 30 days of the 3-month visit. CRP, fibrinogen interleukin-6 and surfactant protein-D were significantly elevated in those COPD subjects with exacerbations within 30 days of the 3-month visit compared with those individuals that did not exacerbate or whose exacerbations had resolved. CONCLUSIONS: Only a few of the biomarkers assessed may be useful in diagnosis or management of COPD where the diagnosis is based on airflow obstruction (GOLD). Further analysis of more promising biomarkers may reveal utility in subsets of patients. Fibrinogen in particular has emerged as a potentially useful biomarker from this cohort and requires further investigation. TRIAL REGISTRATION: SCO104960, clinicaltrials.gov identifier NCT00292552. 
To study the effect of eating foods with a high arsenic (As) content on the intra and inter-individual variability of urinary concentrations of the As species, daily urine samples were collected for 10 consecutive days from 12 healthy male subjects. A daily food diary was kept throughout the study period. Personal exposure to airborne As was measured once during the study. As(3), As(5), monomethylarsonic acid (MMA), dimethylarsinic acid (DMA) and arsenobetaine were determined in all urine samples by inductive coupled plasma mass spectrometry, and the sum of As(3)+As(5)+MMA+DMA (iAs) by hydride generation-atomic absorption spectrophotometry. Exposure to airborne As was below the limit of detection in all samplings. As(3) was found in only 19.2% and As(5) in only 3.3% of the urine samples, whereas high urinary concentrations of arsenobetaine were observed. With the exception of arsenobetaine, expressed as a percentage, a significant inter-individual variability was observed for all species of As, for iAs and for the MMA/DMA ratio (p<0.001). Instead, the intra-individual variability was significant only for the MMA/DMA ratio (p<0.001). Among foods with a high As content, only a heavy consumption of seafood was shown to influence inter-individual variability of DMA%, arsenobetaine expressed as g g(-1) creatinine and iAs. In conclusion, even in populations with a high intake of organic As through foods, the finding of a significant inter-individual but no significant intra-individual variability of urinary species confirms the usefulness of urinary As speciation for biological monitoring of exposure to As.
Bile acids (BAs) regulate glucose and lipid metabolism. In longitudinal and case-control-studies, we investigated the diurnal variation of serum concentrations of the 15 major BAs as well as the biosynthetic precursor 7-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one (C4) and their associations, respectively, with coronary artery disease (CAD), diabetes mellitus type 2 (T2DM), and non-diabetic metabolic syndrome (MetS). In hourly taken blood samples of four healthy probands, the intraindividual 24 h variation of C4, conjugated and unconjugated BAs ranged from 42% to 72%, from 23% to 91%, and from 49% to 90%, respectively. Conjugated BA concentrations mainly increased following food intake. Serum levels of C4 and unconjugated BAs changed with daytime with maxima varying interindividually between 20h00 and 1h00 and between 3h00 and 8h00, respectively. Comparisons of data from 75 CAD patients with 75 CAD-free controls revealed no statistically significant association of CAD with BAs or C4. Comparisons of data from 50 controls free of T2DM or MetS, 50 MetS patients, and 50 T2DM patients revealed significantly increased fasting serum levels of C4 in patients with MetS and T2DM. Multiple regression analysis revealed body mass index (BMI) and plasma levels of triglycerides (TG) as independent determinants of C4 levels. Upon multivariate and principle component analyses the association of C4 with T2DM and/or MetS was not independent of or superior to the canonical MetS components. In conclusion, despite large intra- and interindividual variation, serum levels of C4 are significantly increased in patients with MetS and T2DM but confounded with BMI and TG.
BACKGROUND: The UNDP/WHO/World Bank/Special Programme of Research, Development and Research Training in Human Reproduction (Geneva) set up a study to determine whether it is feasible for women to monitor their ovarian activity reliably by home testing. Daily self-monitoring of urinary hormone metabolites for menstrual cycle assessment was evaluated by comparison of results obtained with the Home Ovarian Monitor by untrained users both at home and in study centres. METHODS: Women collected daily data for urinary estrone glucuronide (E1G) and pregnanediol glucuronide (PdG) for two cycles, then the procedure was repeated in the women's local centre (in Chile, Australia or New Zealand) giving a total of 113 duplicate cycles. The tests were performed without the benefit of replicates or quality controls. The home and centre cycles were normalized and compared to identify assay errors, and the resulting home and centre menstrual cycle profiles were averaged. RESULTS: Reliable mean cycle profiles were obtained with the home and centre excretion rates agreeing to within 36  21 nmol/24 h for E1G and 0.77  0.28 mol/24 h for baseline PdG values (1-5 mol/24 h). The cycles had a mean length of 28.1  3.1 days (n = 112; 5th and 95th percentiles: 24 and 35 days, respectively), a mean follicular phase of 14.8  3.1 days (n = 107; 5th and 95th percentiles: 11 and 21 days) and a mean luteal phase length of 13.3  1.5 days (n = 106; 5th and 95th percentiles: 11 and 17 days), calculated from the day of the LH peak. CONCLUSIONS: The study confirmed that the Ovarian Monitor pre-coated assay tubes worked well even in the hands of lay users, without standard curves, quality controls or replicates. Point-of-care monitoring to give reliable fertility data is feasible. 
Urinary corticosterone metabolite enzyme-immunoassay (EIA) can be used for the non-invasive assessment of baseline levels and corticosterone responses in amphibians. In this study, urinary corticosterone responses of wild male cane toads (Rhinella marina) to confinement and repeated handling were measured to quantify individual variation in corticosterone responses for the first time in an amphibian species. Urine samples were collected at 0 h in the wild, hourly from 2 to 8 h after transfer into captivity, and again at 12 and 24 h in captivity. Toads were then held in captivity and subjected to the same sampling protocol on three occasions at 14 days intervals to quantify variation in corticosterone metabolite responses within and between toads. Baseline and individual corticosterone metabolite responses in male cane toads were generally consistent, with high statistical repeatabilities for 0 h (r=0.630), 6 h (r=0.793), 12 h (r=0.652) and 24 h (r=0.721) corticosterone metabolite concentrations, and for the total and corrected integrated corticosterone responses (r=0.567, p=0.033; r=0.728, p=0.014 respectively). Urinary corticosterone responses appear to be a stable, repeatable trait within individuals. Corticosterone responses in amphibians can be more readily measured when urine rather than plasma samples are collected, and the protocol established in the current study can now be applied to the study of variation in corticosterone responses in other amphibians.
To indicate homologous or autologous blood transfusion in sports drug testing, quantification of increased urinary concentrations of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) metabolites presents a promising approach; however, the possible intra-individual variation of the metabolite concentrations over time has not been well characterized. The aim of this study was to explore the intra-individual variability of urinary DEHP metabolites among seven volunteers without special occupational exposure to DEHP during one week (n = 253) in order to investigate the possibility of increased urinary concentrations of the metabolites caused by, for example, residential, dietary, or environmental exposure. Quantification of three DEHP metabolites--mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate, and mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate--was accomplished after enzymatic hydrolysis of urinary glucuronide conjugates and direct injection using isotope-dilution liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Although urinary concentrations of DEHP metabolites showed considerable intra-individual variation, no increased values were observed comparable to the concentrations measured in urine specimens collected after blood transfusion.
BACKGROUND: Urodynamic testing is often regarded as essential to the proper diagnosis of bladder storage and emptying disorders but urodynamic testing is an invasive and expensive procedure. Pakistan is a developing country with limited provision of urogynecological services, and therefore few urodynamic studies. STUDY DESIGN: This cross-sectional study was conducted from January 2009 to January 2010 at the Aga Khan University Hospital to assess the frequency of agreement between clinical findings and urodynamic studies in accurately diagnosing urinary incontinence. METHODS: We included 157 women and their symptoms of urge urinary incontinence (UUI), stress urinary incontinence (SUI) or mixed urinary incontinence were matched with urodynamic study findings. RESULTS: Out of 157 women 47 (29.9%) presented with SUI and 33 (21%) with UUI but urodynamic stress incontinence (USI) was found in 59 (37.6%) and detrusor overactivity in 38 (24.2%). This shows a reliability level of  = 0.41 for SUI and  = 0.7 for UUI. There was a weak agreement ( = 0.33) between clinical findings of urinary incontinence and urodynamic studies; in 78 cases (49.7%) the urodynamic findings matched the clinical findings. CONCLUSIONS: The poor level of agreement between clinical findings and urodynamic study interpretations re-emphasizes the fact that the bladder is not a reliable source of identifying urinary symptoms in women. 
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: Post-void residual urine (PVR) is a key variable in the assessment of the emptying function of the lower urinary tract and is often used as an outcome measure after treatment. Increased PVR can lead to further investigation and treatment, or cancellation of planned incontinence surgery. In a prospective study, we aimed to assess the repeatability of the finding of PVR  100 ml in urogynaecologic patients. METHODS: Of 396 women with urogynaecologic complaints visiting our outpatient clinic, 297 had PVR measured after a micturition in full privacy preceded by normal desire to void. Women with PVR  100 ml were offered a second and eventually a third PVR measurement after a subsequent micturition. A Verathon Bladder Scanner BV 9400 was used to measure PVR immediately after micturition. RESULTS: The prevalence of PVR  100 was 14%, which declined to 1.3% on repeated measurements. Voided volumes did not vary between voids. CONCLUSIONS: One PVR measurement  100 ml is unreliable and needs repetition to confirm consistency. 
Perchlorate, nitrate and thiocyanate are ubiquitous in the environment, and human exposure to these chemicals is accurately measured in urine. Biomarkers of these chemicals represent a person's recent exposure, however, little is known on the temporal variability of the use of a single measurement of these biomarkers. Healthy Hispanic and Black children (6-10-year-old) donated urine samples over 6 months. To assess temporal variability, we used three statistical methods (n=29; 153 urine samples): intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC), Spearman's correlation coefficient between concentrations measured at different timepoints and surrogate category analysis to assess how well tertile ranking by a single biomarker measurement represented the average concentration over 6 months. The ICC measure of reproducibility was poor (0.10-0.12) for perchlorate, nitrate and iodide; and fair for thiocyanate (0.36). The correlations for each biomarker across multiple sampling times ranged from 0.01-0.57. Surrogate analysis showed consistent results for almost every surrogate tertile. Results demonstrate fair temporal reliability in the spot urine concentrations of the three NIS inhibitors and iodide. Surrogate analysis show that single-spot urine samples reliably categorize participant's exposure providing support for the use of a single sample as an exposure measure in epidemiological studies that use relative ranking of exposure.
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Occult HBV infection (OBI) is defined by the presence of HBV DNA in the liver and/or serum and negative HBsAg testing. Since the implementation of highly sensitive HBV DNA screening, OBI is also detected in healthy blood donors. The aims of this study were to investigate HBV-specific immune responses and genetic variability in donors with OBI, established by HBV DNA in serum. METHODS: HBV-specific T-cell responses to HBV antigens were tested in 34 OBI donors by IFN- ELISpot, cytometric bead array, and intracellular cytokine staining. As comparison populations, 36 inactive HBV carriers, 22 donors with spontaneously resolved HBV infection, 24 vaccinated donors, and 25 seronegative donors were also included. Surface, pre-S, and pre-c/core genes from 44 genotype D isolates (24 OBI and 20 HBsAg-positive) were sequenced. RESULTS: The immune response of OBI donors to the 3 HBV antigens was 29-41%, similar to the response in subjects with resolved HBV infection and higher than that in HBsAg-positive subjects. On sequence analysis, OBI donors presented a higher HBsAg mutation rate than HBsAg-positive subjects. Mutations were clustered in the major hydrophilic region of HBsAg, and no stop codons or relevant mutations that could affect antigen formation or detection were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that immune response can suppress viral replication to low levels and HBsAg expression to undetectable levels in OBI blood donors. Relevant mutations were not found in the genomic HBsAg coding region. Hence, the fact that HBsAg was not detected in OBI is likely due to low HBsAg production, rather than to a failure of laboratory reagents. 
PURPOSE: Upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma is rare. Evidence shows that it behaves differently from urothelial bladder tumors. A polymorphism located at the T allele of rs9642880 on chromosome 8q24 is linked to an enhanced risk of bladder tumors. We explored the association of this polymorphism with susceptibility to upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We genotyped the constitutional DNA of 261 patients with upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma and 261 healthy controls matched for age, gender, smoking habit and ethnicity. Polymorphisms at rs9642880 on chromosome 8q24 were determined using the 5' nuclease polymerase chain reaction method with specific primers and probes. Frequencies were compared between cases and controls. Genotypes were in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium for cases and controls. RESULTS: Mean patient age was 68.7 years. The T/T genotype resulted in a significantly higher risk of upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma (OR 1.72, 95% CI 1.1-2.8, p = 0.028). Using single polytomous regression analysis the T/T genotype was also associated with aggressive tumors when stratified by stage (p = 0.003), or grade G2 (p = 0.04) or G3 (p = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Our results strongly suggest that the T/T rs9642880 genotype is a risk factor for upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma, as previously shown for bladder tumors. In contrast to bladder carcinoma, for upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma the T/T genotype is associated with aggressiveness. 
INTRODUCTION: Flow cytometry is often used to measure in vivo platelet activation in critically-ill patients. Variability in blood sampling techniques, which may confound these measurements, remains poorly characterized. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Platelet activation was measured by flow cytometry performed on arterial and venous blood from 116 critically-ill patients. We determined how variability in vascular sampling site, processing times, and platelet counts influenced levels of platelet-monocyte aggregates (PMA), PAC-1 binding (for glycoprotein (GP) IIbIIIa), and P-selectin (P-SEL) expression. RESULTS: Levels of PMA, but not PAC-1 binding or P-SEL expression, were significantly affected by variability in vascular sampling site. Average PMA levels were approximately 60% higher in whole blood drawn from an arterial vessel compared to venous blood (16.21.8% vs. 10.71.2%, p<0.05). Levels of PMA in both arterial and venous blood increased significantly during ex vivo processing delays (1.7% increase for every 10 minute delay, p<0.05). In contrast, PAC-1 binding and P-SEL expression were unaffected by processing delays. Levels of PMA, but not PAC-1 binding or P-SEL expression, were correlated with platelet count quartiles (9.41.6% for the lowest quartile versus 15.41.6% for the highest quartile, p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In critically-ill patients, variability in vascular sampling site, processing times, and platelet counts influence levels of PMA, but not PAC-1 binding or P-SEL expression. These data demonstrate the need for rigorous adherence to blood sampling protocols, particularly when levels of PMA, which are most sensitive to variations in blood collection, are measured for detection of in vivo platelet activation. 
Paired serum bile acid (SBA) samples from 30 dogs with presumptive hepatobiliary disease and 30 apparently healthy dogs were submitted to three diagnostic laboratories to validate agreement between these facilities. Sensitivities and specificities ranged from 50% to 70% and from 74% to 85%, respectively, for all laboratories. The  index confirmed almost perfect agreement between laboratories. Variation in sample handling and processing by different laboratories should not be considered a primary factor when aberrant SBA values are encountered. Documenting agreement between laboratories is essential as inconsistencies could direct unnecessary medical or surgical intervention when patients are evaluated at different hospitals during the course of their disease.
PURPOSE: The objective of the study was to undertake a clinical audit of departmental performance in the measurement of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) using the coefficient of variation (CV) of extracellular fluid volume (ECFV) as the benchmark. ECFV is held within narrow limits in healthy subjects, narrower than GFR, and should therefore have a low CV. METHODS: Fifteen departments participated in this retrospective study of healthy renal transplant donors. Data were analysed separately for men (n ranged from 28 to 115 per centre; total = 819) and women (n = 28-146; 1,059). All centres used the slope-intercept method with blood sample numbers ranging from two to five. Subjects did not fast prior to GFR measurement. GFR was scaled to body surface area (BSA) and corrected for the single compartment assumption. GFR scaled to ECFV was calculated as the terminal slope rate constant and corrected for the single compartment assumption. ECFV/BSA was calculated as the ratio of GFR/BSA to GFR/ECFV. RESULTS: The departmental CVs of ECFV/BSA and GFR/BSA ranged from 8.3 to 25.8% and 12.8 to 21.9%, respectively, in men, and from 9.6 to 21.1% and 14.8 to 23.7%, respectively, in women. Both CVs correlated strongly between men and women from the same centre, suggesting department-specific systematic errors. GFR/BSA was higher in men in 14 of 15 centres, whereas GFR/ECFV was higher in women in 14 of 15 centres. Both correlated strongly between men and women, suggesting regional variation in GFR. CONCLUSION: The CV of ECFV/BSA in normal subjects is a useful indicator of the technical robustness with which GFR is measured and, in this study, indicated a wide variation in departmental performance. 
PURPOSE: The aim of this study was to test the hypothesis that blood glucose amplitude variability (BGAV) is associated with mortality in critically ill patients. METHOD: A prospectively collected multicenter data set including all glucose measurements during intensive care unit (ICU) treatment and outcome was analyzed. We used logistic regression to assess the association between hospital mortality and standard deviation (SD), mean amplitude of glycemic excursions (MAGE), mean absolute glucose change per hour (MAG), and glycemic lability index (GLI). The analysis was adjusted for ICU, Acute Physiology And Chronic Health Evaluation IV-expected mortality, the presence of severe hypoglycemia, mean glucose, mean glucose measurement interval, and interaction between the latter 2. RESULTS: There were 855,032 glucose measurements included of 20,375 patients admitted to 37 Dutch ICUs in 2008 and 2009. Median Acute Physiology And Chronic Health Evaluation IV-predicted mortality was 14%, and median glucose was 7.3 mmol/L. In all patients combined, adjusted hospital mortality was associated with SD and MAGE, but not with MAG and GLI. In surgical patients, adjusted hospital mortality was associated with SD, MAGE, and MAG, but not GLI. In medical patients, adjusted mortality was associated with SD but not with other BGAV measures. CONCLUSION: Not all BGAV measures were associated with mortality. Blood glucose amplitude variability as quantified by SD was consistently independently associated with hospital mortality. 
PURPOSE: To investigate the within and between subject variability of quantitative cerebral blood flow (CBF) measurements in normal subjects using various MRI techniques and positron emission tomography (PET). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Repeated CBF measurements were performed in 17 healthy, young subjects using three different MRI techniques: arterial spin labeling (ASL), dynamic contrast enhanced T1 weighted perfusion MRI (DCE) and phase contrast mapping (PCM). All MRI measurements were performed within the same session. In 10 of the subjects repeated CBF measurements by (15) O labeled water PET had recently been performed. A mixed linear model was used to estimate between subject (CV(betw)) and within subject (CV(with)) coefficients of variation. RESULTS: Mean global CBF, CV(betw) and CV(with) using each of the four methods were for PCM 65.2 mL/100 g/min, 17.4% and 7.4%, for ASL 37.1 mL/100 g/min, 16.2% and 4.8%, for DCE 43.0 mL/100 g/min, 20.0%, 15.1% and for PET 41.9 mL/100 g/min, 16.5% and 11.9%, respectively. Only for DCE and PCM a significant positive correlation between measurements was demonstrated. CONCLUSION: These findings confirm large between subject variability in CBF measurements, but suggest also that in healthy subjects a subject-method interaction is a possible source of between subject variability and of method differences. 
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: To evaluate reproducibility and intergrader agreement of total retinal blood flow (TRBF) measurements obtained by semi-automated grading of Doppler Fourier-domain optical coherence tomography (FD-OCT) scans. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Doppler FD-OCT scans were obtained from 20 eyes of 18 subjects (10 glaucomatous, 10 normal). Scans were obtained using a circumpapillary scan protocol and analyzed using the Doppler OCT of Retinal Circulation software (version 2). Two masked, independent human graders manually refined the scans, adding or deleting vessels, changing vessel boundaries, and classifying vessels as veins or arteries. TRBF was calculated automatically by software summing flow in all veins. Agreement between various vessel parameters and TRBF values generated by the graders was analyzed. RESULTS: Mean difference and mean absolute difference ( standard deviation, range) for TRBF were -0.55 ( 5.37, -8.53 to 13.6) and 3.84 ( 3.70, 0 to 13.6) L/min, respectively, with an intraclass correlation (ICC) of 0.933 and limits of agreement (95% confidence interval [CI]) of -11.1 to +10.0. Venous area measurements showed similar levels of agreement with mean difference and mean absolute difference ( standard deviation, range) of -2.91 ( 4.29, -10.95 to 6.43) and 3.59 ( 3.70, 0 to 10.9) mm(2) with an ICC of 0.933 and limits of agreement (95% CI) were -11.3 and +05.5. The agreement for vessel identification between graders was almost perfect with a weighted kappa of 0.86. CONCLUSION: Reproducible measurements of TRBF can be obtained from Doppler OCT data using semi-automated software with manual refinement. These findings should be of value in future studies evaluating retinal blood flow in various diseases. 
BACKGROUND: Different immunotherapy approaches for the treatment of cancer and autoimmune diseases are being developed and tested in clinical studies worldwide. Their resulting complex experimental data should be properly evaluated, therefore reliable normal healthy control baseline values are indispensable. METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: To assess intra- and inter-individual variability of various biomarkers, peripheral blood of 16 age and gender equilibrated healthy volunteers was sampled on 3 different days within a period of one month. Complex "crossomics" analyses of plasma metabolite profiles, antibody concentrations and lymphocyte subset counts as well as whole genome expression profiling in CD4+T and NK cells were performed. Some of the observed age, gender and BMI dependences are in agreement with the existing knowledge, like negative correlation between sex hormone levels and age or BMI related increase in lipids and soluble sugars. Thus we can assume that the distribution of all 39.743 analysed markers is well representing the normal Caucasoid population. All lymphocyte subsets, 20% of metabolites and less than 10% of genes, were identified as highly variable in our dataset. CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE: Our study shows that the intra-individual variability was at least two-fold lower compared to the inter-individual one at all investigated levels, showing the importance of personalised medicine approach from yet another perspective. 
BACKGROUND: Gestational phthalate and bisphenol A (BPA) exposure may increase the risk of adverse maternal/child health outcomes, but there are few data on the variability of urinary biomarkers before and during pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: We characterized the variability of urinary phthalate metabolite and BPA concentrations before and during pregnancy and the ability of a single spot urine sample to classify average gestational exposure. METHODS: We collected 1,001 urine samples before and during pregnancy from 137 women who were partners in couples attending a Boston fertility clinic and who had a live birth. Women provided spot urine samples before (n  2) and during (n  2) pregnancy. We measured urinary concentrations of monoethyl phthalate (MEP), mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP), mono-iso-butyl phthalate, monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP), four metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), and BPA. After adjusting for specific gravity, we characterized biomarker variability using intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) and conducted several surrogate category analyses to determine whether a single spot urine sample could adequately classify average gestational exposure. RESULTS: Absolute concentrations of phthalate metabolites and BPA were similar before and during pregnancy. Variability was higher during pregnancy than before pregnancy for BPA and MBzP, but similar during and before pregnancy for MBP, MEP, and DEHP. During pregnancy, MEP (ICC = 0.50) and MBP (ICC = 0.45) were less variable than BPA (ICC = 0.12), MBzP (ICC = 0.25), and DEHP metabolites (ICC = 0.08). Surrogate analyses suggested that a single spot urine sample may reasonably classify MEP and MBP concentrations during pregnancy, but more than one sample may be necessary for MBzP, DEHP, and BPA. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary phthalate metabolites and BPA concentrations were variable before and during pregnancy, but the magnitude of variability was biomarker specific. A single spot urine sample adequately classified MBP and MEP concentrations during pregnancy. The present results may be related to unique features of the women studied, and replication in other pregnancy cohorts is recommended. 
UNLABELLED: To evaluate whether hepatitis B virus (HBV) preS/S gene variability has any impact on serum hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) levels and to analyze the replication capacity of naturally occurring preS/S variants, sera from 40 untreated patients with HBV-related chronic liver disease (hepatitis B e antigen [HBeAg]-positive, n = 11; HBeAg-negative, n = 29) were virologically characterized. Additionally, phenotypic analysis of three different preS/S variant isolates (carrying a 183-nucleotide deletion within the preS1 region, the deletion of preS2 start codon, and a stop signal at codon 182 within the S gene, respectively) was performed. HBV infecting 14 (35%) patients had single or multiple preS/S genomic mutations (i.e., preS1 and/or preS2 deletions, preS2 start codon mutations, C-terminally truncated and/or "a" determinant mutated S protein). Presence of preS/S variants negatively correlated with HBsAg titers (r = -0.431; P = 0.005) and its prevalence did not significantly differ between HBeAg-positive and HBeAg-negative patients. No correlation was found between HBsAg and HBV DNA levels in patients infected with preS/S mutants, whereas a significant correlation was found between HBsAg and viremia levels (r = 0.607; P = 0.001) in patients infected with wild-type HBV strains. HepG2 cells replicating the above-mentioned three preS/S variants showed significant reduction of HBsAg secretion, retention of envelope proteins in the endoplasmic reticulum, less efficient virion secretion and nuclear accumulation of significantly higher amounts of covalently closed circular DNA compared with wild-type HBV replicating cells. CONCLUSION: In patients infected with preS/S variants, HBV DNA replication and HBsAg synthesis/secretion appear to be dissociated. Therefore, the use of HBsAg titer as diagnostic/prognostic tool has to take into account the frequent emergence of preS/S variants in chronic HBV infection. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine the magnitude of immunoglobulin E (IgE) variability in a cohort of patients with severe asthma considered for omalizumab therapy. METHODS: Retrospective chart review identified 65 patients with two or more IgE determinations out of the 124 patients referred to the Cleveland Clinic Respiratory Institute for treatment with omalizumab from 2003 to 2011. Patients with conditions known to affect IgE concentrations were excluded. Demographic data, pulmonary function testing, medications, smoking status, and atopy were recorded. The range of variability and percent variability in relation to baseline serum IgE were calculated. RESULTS: The median difference of serum IgE between the minimal and maximal values was 94.9 IU/ml (IQR 26.3-324.1 IU/ml). Percent variability from minimum value had a median of 75.5% (IQR 23.3-152.6%). There was no correlation between age, body mass index, lung function, and IgE variability. Greater variability was associated with female gender (p = .06). There was no association with peripheral eosinophilia, systemic corticosteroid use, and leukotriene modifier use at presentation. The observed variability would have affected omalizumab dosing in 20 out of 42 patients. Six patients who may have qualified at different time points would not have been deemed candidates based on an IgE concentration <30 IU/ml or >700 IU/ml. CONCLUSION: Serum IgE concentration may have clinically significant variability over time, affecting candidacy and dosing of omalizumab. Our findings imply that repeating serum IgE determinations merits consideration for patients whose initial concentrations are <30 or >700 IU/ml. Prospective studies are warranted to delineate the factors that contribute to IgE variability. 
Liquid chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry (LC-MS) is a major platform in metabolic profiling but has not yet been comprehensively assessed as to its repeatability and reproducibility across multiple spectrometers and laboratories. Here we report results of a large interlaboratory reproducibility study of ultra performance (UP) LC-MS of human urine. A total of 14 stable isotope labeled standard compounds were spiked into a pooled human urine sample, which was subject to a 2- to 16-fold dilution series and run by UPLC coupled to time-of-flight MS at three different laboratories all using the same platform. In each lab, identical samples were run in two phases, separated by at least 1 week, to assess between-day reproducibility. Overall, platform reproducibility was good with median mass accuracies below 12 ppm, median retention time drifts of less than 0.73 s and coefficients of variation of intensity of less than 18% across laboratories and ionization modes. We found that the intensity response was highly linear within each run, with a median R(2) of 0.95 and 0.93 in positive and negative ionization modes. Between-day reproducibility was also high with a mean R(2) of 0.93 for a linear relationship between the intensities of ions recorded in the two phases across the laboratories and modes. Most importantly, between-lab reproducibility was excellent with median R(2) values of 0.96 and 0.98 for positive and negative ionization modes, respectively, across all pairs of laboratories. Interestingly, the three laboratories observed different amounts of adduct formation, but this did not appear to be related to reproducibility observed in each laboratory. These studies show that UPLC-MS is fit for the purpose of targeted urinary metabolite analysis but that care must be taken to optimize laboratory systems for quantitative detection due to variable adduct formation over many compound classes.
The role of sympathetic innervation in the control of spontaneous fluctuations of cerebral blood flow is still poorly understood. In conscious, unrestrained rats, blood flow velocity (pulsed Doppler) was measured in both internal carotid arteries 1 week after either excision of the right superior cervical ganglion (n     = 8) or sham surgery (n     = 6). Using Fourier-based techniques, spectral power of each carotid blood flow (CBF) was computed over the whole recording period (246 min), which was segmented into nine consecutive 27.3 min periods. Variability of CBF (spectral power) was 40% higher (P < 0.02) on the denervated than on the intact side at frequencies <1 Hz. Coherence between left and right CBFs was similar in the two groups of rats, except in the 0.01-0.1 Hz frequency range where it was lower (P < 0.05) in rats with unilateral sympathectomy (0.54  0.03) than in intact rats (0.74  0.06). In this frequency range, mathematically removing the influence of arterial pressure had little effect on coherence between CBFs in both groups of rats, so that coherence remained significantly lower in rats with unilateral sympathectomy (0.52  0.03) than in intact rats (0.70  0.06). This study indicates that sympathetic innervation has an overall buffering influence on CBF variability. This modulatory role is especially important in a frequency range corresponding to slow fluctuations of CBF (lasting from 10 to 100 s), which are essentially unrelated to fluctuations of arterial pressure.
BACKGROUND: Varying concentrations of blood components in platelet-rich plasma preparations may contribute to the variable results seen in recently published clinical studies. The purposes of this investigation were (1) to quantify the level of platelets, growth factors, red blood cells, and white blood cells in so-called one-step (clinically used commercial devices) and two-step separation systems and (2) to determine the influence of three separate blood draws on the resulting components of platelet-rich plasma. METHODS: Three different platelet-rich plasma (PRP) separation methods (on blood samples from eight subjects with a mean age [and standard deviation] of 31.6  10.9 years) were used: two single-spin processes (PRPLP and PRPHP) and a double-spin process (PRPDS) were evaluated for concentrations of platelets, red and white blood cells, and growth factors. Additionally, the effect of three repetitive blood draws on platelet-rich plasma components was evaluated. RESULTS: The content and concentrations of platelets, white blood cells, and growth factors for each method of separation differed significantly. All separation techniques resulted in a significant increase in platelet concentration compared with native blood. Platelet and white blood-cell concentrations of the PRPHP procedure were significantly higher than platelet and white blood-cell concentrations produced by the so-called single-step PRPLP and the so-called two-step PRPDS procedures, although significant differences between PRPLP and PRPDS were not observed. Comparing the results of the three blood draws with regard to the reliability of platelet number and cell counts, wide variations of intra-individual numbers were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Single-step procedures are capable of producing sufficient amounts of platelets for clinical usage. Within the evaluated procedures, platelet numbers and numbers of white blood cells differ significantly. The intra-individual results of platelet-rich plasma separations showed wide variations in platelet and cell numbers as well as levels of growth factors regardless of separation method. 
OBJECTIVE: Methotrexate (MTX) has several enzymatic targets in the folate pathway. To better understand the variability in response to MTX, we characterized the interindividual variability of intracellular folate pools in children with juvenile arthritis (JA) and determined clinical and genetic contributors to this variability. STUDY DESIGN: This exploratory single-center cross-sectional study evaluated 93 patients with JA not currently receiving MTX. Whole blood, plasma, and erythrocyte folate concentrations were determined after deconjugation and analyzed through reversed-phase separation and stable isotope dilution tandem mass spectrometry. Folate polyglutamates were measured in red blood cell lysates using an ion-pair reversed phase chromatography tandem mass spectrometry method. RESULTS: Intracellular concentrations of 5-methyl-tetrahydrofolate (5-CH3-THF) and 5,10-methenyl-tetrahydrofolate varied approximately 20-fold and 80-fold, respectively. The polyglutamated forms of 5-CH3-THF as a percentage of total 5-CH3-THF (5-CH3-THFGlun) were also measured. Hierarchical clustering of 5-CH3-THFGlun revealed two groups, each with two distinct clusters. There was an inverse relationship between 5-CH3-THFGlun chain length and plasma 5-CH3-THF concentrations. A subgroup of patients with a historical intolerance to MTX had significantly lower cellular folate concentrations (P<0.0001). In univariate analyses, clinical variables including sex, age, and folate supplementation in addition to variations in MTHFR, MTR, and SLC25A32 were associated with differential intracellular folate redox concentrations. Multivariate analysis further supported the association of single nucleotide polymorphisms in SLC25A32, MTHFR, and MTR with variability in intracellular 5-CH3-THF and 5,10-methenyl-tetrahydrofolate concentrations, respectively. CONCLUSION: Measurement of intracellular folate isoforms may contribute toward a better understanding of individual MTX effects in JA. Clinical variables in addition to genotypic differences beyond MTHFR may additionally explain differential intracellular folate concentrations and variable responses to MTX. 
Most epidemiology studies investigating the potential adverse health effects in relation to phthalates measure the urinary concentration of the free plus glucuronidated species of phthalate metabolites (i.e., total concentration) to estimate exposure. However, the free species may represent the biologically relevant dose. In this study, we collected 943 urine samples from 112 men and 157 women and assessed the between- and within-person variability and predictors of (1) the free and total urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites, and (2) the percentage of free phthalate metabolites (a potential phenotypic indicator of individual susceptibility). We also explored the proportion of urinary di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) metabolites contributed to by the bioactive mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP), considered a possible indicator of susceptibility to phthalate exposure. The percentage of phthalate metabolites present in the free form was less stable over time than the total metabolite concentration, and, therefore, it is not likely a useful indicator of metabolic susceptibility. Thus, the added costs and effort involved in the measurement of free in addition to total metabolite concentrations in large-scale studies may not be justified. Conversely, the proportion of DEHP metabolites contributed to by MEHP was more stable within individuals over time and may be a promising indicator of susceptibility if time of day of sample collection is carefully considered.
PURPOSE: The purposes of this study were to: (1) identify the interrater and intrarater reliability of systolic blood pressures using a stethoscope and Doppler to determine an ankle-brachial index (ABI), and (2) to determine the correlation between the 2 methods. BACKGROUND: Peripheral arterial disease (PAD) affects approximately 8 to 12 million people in the United States, and nearly half of those with this disease are asymptomatic. Early detection and prompt treatment of PAD will improve health outcomes. It is important that clinicians perform tests that determine the presence of PAD. METHOD: Two individual raters trained in ABI procedure measured the systolic blood pressures of 20 individuals' upper and lower extremities. Standard ABI measurement protocols were observed. Raters individually recorded the systolic blood pressures of each extremity using a stethoscope and a Doppler, for a total of 640 independent measures. RESULTS: Interrater reliability of Doppler measurements to determine SBP at the ankle was very strong (intraclass correlation coefficient [ICC], 0.93-0.99) compared to moderate to strong reliability using a stethoscope (ICC, 0.64-0.87). Agreement between the 2 devices to determine SBP was moderate to very weak (ICC, 0.13-0.61). Comparisons of the use of Doppler and stethoscope to determine ABI showed weak to very weak intrarater correlation (ICC, 0.17-0.35). Linear regression analysis of the 2 methods to determine ABI showed positive but weak to very weak correlations (r2 = .013, P = .184). CONCLUSIONS: A Doppler ultrasound is recommended over a stethoscope for accuracy in systolic pressure readings for ABI measurements. 
A relationship may exist between plasma atrial natriuretic peptide (P-ANP) and heart rate variability (HRV), which reflects the activity of the autonomic nervous system. We performed a survey in human subjects to examine the relationship between P-ANP and HRV parameters. Three ethnic groups (Han, Uygur, and Kazakh) provided blood and urine samples and underwent 24-h ambulatory blood pressure monitoring and 24-h ECG recording (24-h Holter ECG). There was a positive correlation between P-ANP and HF, as well as a negative correlation between P-ANP and the LF/HF ratio, in all subjects from the 3 ethnic groups. There was no association of BP with any of the blood, urinary, and HRV parameters. Our results suggested the possibility of a relationship between P-ANP and HRV, which reflects autonomic activity. These findings are consistent with the previous report of a close relationship between ANP and cardiac parasympathetic and/or sympathetic activity.
The extent of hypercholesterolemia varies considerably in patients with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH). We hypothesized that the variability of the FH phenotype might be partly explained by variation in proprotein convertase subtilisin kexin type 9 (PCSK9) activity. Individuals between 18 and 53 years of age who had been tested for a pathogenic LDLR or APOB mutation were eligible. Mutation carriers with a LDL-C level below the 75(th) percentile (called "FH low") were selected, as well as those with LDL-C above the 90(th) percentile (called "FH high"). Relatives who tested negative for the mutation were the "controls." PCSK9 plasma levels were assessed in 267 individuals who did not receive cholesterol-lowering treatment at the time of the study. Mean PCSK9 plasma levels (95% CI) were lower in the FH-low group compared with the FH-high group [152 (137-167) ng/ml vs. 186 (165-207) ng/ml, P = 0.010] and the control group [177 (164-190) ng/ml, P = 0.013]. Mean PCSK9 levels did not statistically differ between the FH-high and control groups (P = 0.50). Plasma PCSK9 levels are positively associated with LDL-C levels in FH patients and might contribute to the phenotypic severity in this disorder. Therefore, the results of pharmaceutical inhibition of PCSK9 in FH patients are eagerly awaited.
Fish and aquatic frogs detect minute water motion by means of a specialized mechanosensory system, the lateral line. Ubiquitous in fish, the lateral-line system is characterized by hair-cell based sensory structures across the fish's surface called neuromasts. These neuromasts occur free-standing on the skin as superficial neuromasts (SN) or are recessed into canals as canal neuromasts. SNs respond to rapid changes of water velocity in a small layer of fluid around the fish, including the so-called boundary layer. Although omnipresent, the boundary layer's impact on the SN response is still a matter of debate. For the first time using an information-theoretic approach to this sensory system, we have investigated the SN afferents encoding capabilities. Combining covariance analysis, phase analysis, and modeling of recorded neuronal responses of primary lateral line afferents, we show that encoding by the SNs is adequately described as a linear, velocity-responsive mechanism. Afferent responses display a bimodal distribution of opposite Wiener kernels that likely reflected the two hair-cell populations within a given neuromast. Using frozen noise stimuli, we further demonstrate that SN afferents respond in an extremely precise manner and with high reproducibility across a broad frequency band (10-150 Hz), revealing that an optimal decoder would need to rely extensively on a temporal code. This was further substantiated by means of signal reconstruction of spike trains that were time shifted with respect to their original. On average, a time shift of 3.5 ms was enough to diminish the encoding capabilities of primary afferents by 70%. Our results further demonstrate that the SNs' encoding capability is linearly related to the stimulus outside the boundary layer, and that the boundary layer can, therefore, be neglected while interpreting lateral line response of SN afferents to hydrodynamic stimuli.
INTRODUCTION: Heart rate variability (HRV) is decreased in dialysis patients, and decreased HRV is an independent risk factor for sudden cardiac death. We aimed to determine the effect of sudden changes in serum electrolyte, bicarbonate concentration and blood pressure on HRV during hemodialysis (HD) sessions in chronic HD patients. METHODS: The study population included 75 HD patients (mean age 44.5  10.3 years; 53% female, 13% diabetic) and 35 healthy volunteers (mean age 42.44  11.5 years, 62% female). HRV indexes were analyzed from 24-hour ECG recordings. The time-domain HRV indexes (SDNN, SDANN, RMSSD, pNN50 [%] and HRV TAI) were calculated from these recordings. Pre- and post-HD blood samples were drawn from an arterial line to calculate Na+, K+, Ca2+, iCa2+ and HCO3- concentration gradients. RESULTS: All HRV indexes were significantly lower in dialysis patients than in healthy volunteers (p<0.05).The detected SDNN and HRV TAI values were lower in diabetic patients than in nondiabetics. While K+ concentration was decreased, Ca2+ and bicarbonate increased significantly during HD. CONCLUSION: HRV decreased in chronic HD patients. The decrease in HRV in diabetic uremic patients was higher than in uremic patients without diabetes. The change of serum electrolyte and bicarbonate concentrations during HD did not affect HRV. 
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Primary prevention of disordered mineral metabolism in CKD necessitates knowledge of its early pathophysiology. This study evaluated daily fluctuations in mineral metabolites in patients with CKD stages 3 and 4 before and after short-term calcitriol treatment and tested the effects of dietary calcium and calcitriol supplementation on these parameters in the dynamic postprandial setting. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: Twelve CKD patients received calcitriol (0.25 g daily for 1 week) with hourly assessments of mineral metabolites made throughout the day and in the context of standardized meals before and after treatment. Calcium content (250 versus 500 mg) in the breakfasts constituted the dietary calcium intervention. Twelve healthy volunteers were used as controls. RESULTS: At baseline, compared with controls, fasting CKD subjects had higher parathyroid hormone and fibroblast growth factor 23 levels and greater fractional excretion of phosphate. After breakfast, urinary calcium excretion increased and parathyroid hormone levels dipped transiently in both groups, but they rose soon thereafter, reaching higher peaks in CKD. Calcitriol decreased fasting parathyroid hormone levels, and when combined with dietary calcium load, it normalized the postprandial parathyroid and calcemic responses. Daily variability in mineral metabolites was preserved in CKD before and after calcitriol. Fibroblast growth factor 23 levels increased after calcitriol, although the response was heterogeneous. CONCLUSIONS: Short-term treatment with calcitriol and dietary calcium supplementation normalizes the parathyroid and calcemic postprandial responses in patients with CKD, in whom the diurnal rhythms of mineral metabolites are preserved. Future studies should investigate the variable fibroblast growth factor 23 response to calcitriol in CKD. 
INTRODUCTION: The determination of lipid biomarkers by capillary sampling may be useful in the screening, diagnosis and/or personal management of hyperlipidemia and cardiovascular risk. It remains unclear whether the use of the Accutrend Plus system is appropriate. This study aimed to assess its reproducibility, accuracy and concordance for blood lipid profiling in adults. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Fasting capillary total cholesterol (TC) and triglyceride (TG) concentration on Accutrend Plus were compared with their venous analogues obtained by a laboratory reference method in sixty-one adults (27 men and 34 women, aged 33.0 years). Supplementary capillary sampling was performed at two consecutive days taking into account macro-nutrient intake. RESULTS: The day-to-day reproducibility of the Accutrend Plus system proved to be high for TC (ICC = 0.85, P < 0.001), but moderate for TG (ICC = 0.68, P < 0.001). Strong correlations (r > or = 0.80, P < 0.001) with the reference method were found for TC and TG. Mean difference (limits of agreement) were: 0.26 mmol/L (-0.95, 1.47) for TC, and -0.16 mmol/L (-1.29, 0.98) for TG. The concordance for subject classification according to the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) guidelines was significant (P < 0.001), with substantial agreement for TC (K(w) = 0.67), and moderate agreement for TG (K(w) = 0.50). CONCLUSIONS: Day-to-day reproducibility of the Accutrend Plus device for TC and TG is not optimal and lacks accuracy when compared to the reference laboratory method. The concordance between both methods for classifying subjects according to the NCEP is inadequate. Accutrend Plus device should not be interchangeably used as a substitution for the standard laboratory methods in the diagnosis of hyperlipidemia. 
BACKGROUND: Dialysis patients are at high risk of cardiovascular complications. Pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) as well as sRAGE (soluble receptor for advanced glycation end products) are new biomarkers related to cardiovascular disease. The aim of our study was to describe their intra- and inter-individual variability. METHODS: The studied group consisted of 21 chronic hemodialysis patients. PAPP-A, sRAGE and selected routine parameters were measured monthly during a 1-year prospective study. RESULTS: Our results show high intra-individual variability of both PAPP-A and sRAGE. Both PAPP-A and sRAGE were closely linked to serum transferrin levels. Additionally, sRAGE was significantly associated with leukocyte count and haemoglobin. CONCLUSION: Our study demonstrates high intra-individual variability of PAPP-A and sRAGE in stable clinical status. This finding could be helpful for further evaluation of the significance of PAPP-A and sRAGE in chronic kidney disease. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reproducibility of a standardized technique of current perception threshold measurements with square wave and sine wave current, with monopolar and bipolar electrodes in a cohort of patients with overactive bladder (OAB) and healthy volunteers. METHODS: We enrolled 6 female nulliparous healthy volunteers and 11 female patients with OAB. Current perception threshold measurements of the bladder were performed using several techniques. The same sequence was used for all 3 measurements performed at weekly intervals to assess the reproducibility. An intraclass correlation coefficient >0.75 was considered as very good reproducibility. RESULTS: All the different stimulation forms were well tolerated by all participants and all experienced stimulation at 2.5-Hz and 95-Hz square wave current. The results with sine wave current showed less uniform results. The intraclass correlation showed the greatest reproducibility with bipolar stimulation at a current of 95 Hz. Sine wave current at 5 Hz and 250 Hz showed low reproducibility. Bipolar stimulation had significantly lower thresholds than monopolar stimulation (P < .0001). No significant differences were found between the healthy subjects and the patients with OAB for the 4 settings. CONCLUSION: In the healthy volunteers and patients with OAB, the determination of the current perception threshold in the bladder using a standardized method is feasible and well tolerated, with both bipolar and monopolar stimulation. In our study, square wave current showed strong reproducibility at weekly intervals at 2.5 Hz and 95 Hz. However, sinusoid current gave weak reproducibility. 
Visceral adipose tissue (VAT) is associated with abnormal cardiovascular and metabolic profiles. Total VAT volume of the abdominal compartment by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is the gold-standard measurement for VAT but is costly and time consuming. Prior studies suggest VAT area on a single slice MR image may serve as a surrogate for total VAT volume but it is unknown if this relationship is maintained in overweight and obese men and women. Untreated sleep apnea subjects enrolled into the Icelandic Sleep Apnea Cohort (ISAC) underwent abdominal MRI. VAT area and subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) area at the L2-L3 and L4-L5 interspaces and total VAT and SAT volumes were determined by manual examination using image analysis software; 539 men and 129 women with mean ages of 54.1 and 58.8 years and mean BMI of 32.2 kg/m(2) and 33.7 kg/m(2), respectively, were studied. Mean total VAT volume was 40% smaller and mean total SAT was 25% larger among females compared with males. The correlation with VAT volume was significantly larger for L2-L3 VAT area (r = 0.96) compared to L4-L5 VAT area (r = 0.83). The difference in correlation coefficients was statistically significant (nonparametric bootstrap P < 0.001 with 95% confidence interval (CI) for the difference from 0.11 to 0.15. VAT area at L2-L3 was also significantly better correlated with VAT volume than traditional anthropometric variables. Linear regression analyses demonstrated that L2-L3 area alone was sufficient for predicting total VAT volume and that the nature of the linear association was maintained across all levels of obesity and in both genders.
There is inflammation at the site of pathology in acute ischaemic stroke. In humans there is also elevation of levels of circulating cytokines in the days after stroke. We have previously found increased level of circulating T cells for up to three weeks after stroke. We have now measured cytokine levels for up to three weeks after stroke, looking for evidence of ongoing immune changes after the acute injury. Blood was collected from healthy controls and from subjects with acute ischaemic stroke on day 1, week 1 and week 3 after onset. Levels of interleukin 6 (IL6), interleukin 10 (IL10) and transforming growth factor beta (TGF-) were measured by ELISA. We compared the cytokine levels in males and females, and correlated levels with stroke type as classified by the Oxfordshire stroke classification and stroke severity assessed by the NIH Stroke Scale. In the total group, levels TGF- were significantly elevated at day 1. In the total group, levels of IL-6 were significantly elevated at all time-points. Levels of IL-10 were significantly elevated at week 1. The finding of elevated cytokine levels gives further evidence of ongoing immune activation for up to 3 weeks after acute ischaemic stroke. There was only a modest effect of stroke severity on levels of IL-6. There was also variability among individuals.
Effective therapeutic interventions for Alzheimer's disease (AD) will require treatment regimes to move toward the earliest stages of the disease. For this to occur the field has to identify biomarkers that are able to accurately identify individuals at risk for progression toward AD in the presymptomatic stage. One very significant implication is that some form of population-based screening will need to be undertaken in order to identify those at risk. To date, efforts in neuroimaging brain amyloid- (A) and changes in cerebrospinal fluid A and tau levels shows promise, however, it is questionable as to whether these methods are applicable for screening the general population. The A peptide is also found in blood which is the most economical and efficient biological fluid to analyze. Unfortunately, investigations into blood-based diagnostic markers have produced mixed results. This variability is likely to be the result of differences in the preanalytical processing of samples and as such is delaying progress in the field. Reported preanalytical processing techniques from 87 recent articles focusing on the measurement of A in blood were compared, to investigate whether basic sample-handling techniques were comparable between studies. This comparison revealed that not only is it likely that some of the variability in blood-based results is attributable to discrepancies in preanalytical methodologies but also that the field is failing to adequately report sample processing techniques. This review highlights the current shortcomings in methodological reporting and recommends a standardized blood collection methodology based on the limited consensus of the reviewed articles.
Two alkylresorcinol (AR) metabolites, 3, 5-dihydroxybenzoic acid (DHBA) and 3-(3,5-dihydroxyphenyl)-1-propanoic acid (DHPPA), in urine have been suggested as biomarkers of whole grain (WG) and cereal fiber intake but the long-term reproducibility and correlation with habitual intake has not been determined. Therefore, we evaluated the long-term reproducibility of AR metabolites in spot urine samples and investigated their correlation with habitual WG and cereal fiber intake in U.S. women. AR metabolites were analyzed in 104 women participating in the Nurses' Health Study II and WG and fiber intakes were assessed using a FFQ. Long-term reproducibility was assessed by calculating the intra-class correlation coefficients (ICC) using samples taken 1-3 y (mean 1.8 y) apart. The observed Spearman correlation coefficients (r(s)) and r(s) adjusted for within-participant variation in the biomarker were calculated between WG and fiber intake and biomarkers. The long-term reproducibility was poor for DHBA [ICC = 0.17 (95% CI: 0.05, 0.43)] and modest for DHPPA [ICC = 0.31 (95% CI: 0.17, 0.51)]. The correlation between WG intake in 1995 and DHPPA measured 2 y later was 0.37 (P < 0.0001); the adjusted correlation was 0.60 (95% CI: 0.37, 0.76). Cereal fiber and WG intake were similarly correlated to the biomarkers. DHPPA in spot urine samples reflected WG intake despite relatively low intake of food sources of AR. The poor to modest reproducibility may limit the use of single measurements of these biomarkers in cohort studies in the US, where WG intake is relatively low and has changed over time. But DHPPA in repeated samples may be useful for validating WG intake and assessing compliance in WG intervention studies.
Prior research has demonstrated links among vascular health and the occurrence of stroke, mild cognitive decline, and dementia in older adults. However, little is known about whether normal variation in vascular indicators may be related to changes in neural tissue integrity. Even less is known about how the brain is affected by cholesterol levels in the normal to moderate risk range, leading up to overt disease pathology. This study examined associations between serum lipid levels and DTI indicators of white matter (WM) structural integrity in a sample of 125 generally healthy older adults aged 43-87 years. Whole-brain voxelwise analysis, controlling for age and gender, revealed low density lipoprotein levels (LDL) as the most robust correlate of regional WM structural integrity of the measured lipids. Higher LDL was associated with decreased WM integrity in right frontal and temporal regions, the superior longitudinal fasciculus and internal/external capsules. Increasing LDL was associated with increased radial and axial diffusivity; however, more widespread statistical effects were found for radial diffusivity. These findings suggest that normal interindividual variation in lipid levels is associated with compromised regional WM integrity, even in individuals below clinical thresholds for hyperlipidemia. Given the prevalence of cholesterol-associated sequelae in older adults, and mounting evidence suggesting a vascular role in the etiology of dementia, the current data suggest that understanding the relationship between cholesterol and brain tissue microstructure may have important clinical implications for early detection of vascular-related cognitive disorders and optimal regulation of serum lipids to maintain neural health in older adults.
PURPOSE: To characterize the two-dimensional (2D) and three-dimensional (3D) fractal properties of rectal cancer regional blood flow assessed by using volumetric helical perfusion computed tomography (CT) and to determine its reproducibility. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Institutional review board approval and informed consent were obtained. Ten prospective patients (eight men, two women; mean age, 72.3 years) with rectal adenocarcinoma underwent two repeated volumetric helical perfusion CT studies (four-dimensional adaptive spiral mode, 11.4-cm z-axis coverage) without intervening treatment within 24 hours, with regional blood flow derived by using deconvolution analysis. Two-dimensional and 3D fractal analyses of the rectal tumor were performed, after segmentation from surrounding structures by using thresholding, to derive fractal dimension and fractal abundance. Reproducibility was quantitatively assessed by using Bland-Altman statistics. Two-dimensional and 3D lacunarity plots were also generated, allowing qualitative assessment of reproducibility. Statistical significance was at 5%. RESULTS: Mean blood flow was 63.50 mL/min/100 mL  8.95 (standard deviation). Good agreement was noted between the repeated studies for fractal dimension; mean difference was -0.024 (95% limits of agreement: -0.212, 0.372) for 2D fractal analysis and -0.024 (95% limits of agreement: -0.307, 0.355) for 3D fractal analysis. Mean difference for fractal abundance was -0.355 (95% limits of agreement: -0.869, 1.579) for 2D fractal analysis and -0.043 (95% limits of agreement: -1.154, 1.239) for 3D fractal analysis. The 95% limits of agreement were narrower for 3D than 2D analysis. Lacunarity plots also visually confirmed close agreement between repeat studies. CONCLUSION: Regional blood flow in rectal cancer exhibits fractal properties. Good reproducibility was achieved between repeated studies with 2D and 3D fractal analysis. 
OBJECTIVE: Evaluate whether four different brands/types of heparin coated syringes can represent a source of variability in blood gas analysis (BGA). DESIGN AND METHODS: Blood was collected from one hundred volunteers into different syringes: Syringe I (lithium heparin and calcium balanced); Syringe II: in-house prepared (sodium heparin); Syringe III: (spray-dried calcium-balanced lithium heparin); Syringe IV (lyophilized electrolyte-balanced lithium heparin). RESULTS: Significant differences were as follows: a) Syringe I vs II: pO(2), sO(2), pCO(2)(t), cHCO(3)(-), ctCO(2), base excess (BE), total hemoglobin (tHb), sodium (Na(+)), potassium (K(+)), calcium (Ca(2+)), glucose (Glu), lactate (Lac), O(2) Hb and p 50; b) Syringe I vs III: pH, pO(2), cHCO(3)(-), ctCO(2), BE, Na(+), Glu, Lac and p 50; c) Syringe I vs IV: pH, pO(2), sO(2), pCO(2)(t), BE, Na(+), K(+), Ca(2+), Glu, Lac and O(2) Hb; d) Syringe II vs III: pH, pO(2), sO(2), pCO(2)(t), cHCO(3)(-), ctCO(2), ctO(2), tHb, Na(+), K(+), Ca(2+), Lac and p 50; e) Syringe II vs IV: pH, pO(2), sO(2), pCO(2)(t), cHCO(3)(-), ctCO(2), BE, tHb, Na(+), K(+), Ca(2+), Lac, O(2) Hb and p 50; f) Syringe III vs IV: pH, pO(2), sO(2), cHCO(3)(-), ctCO(2), ctO(2), BE, Na(+), K(+), Ca(2+), O(2) Hb and p 50. CONCLUSION: The different manufacturers of syringes can represent new source of variability on BGA. 
Urinary metabonomics based on proton nuclear magnetic resonance ((1)H NMR) has been widely employed to study metabolic differences associated with gene function and pathophysiological and toxicological stimuli. However, the chemical shift variability of (1)H NMR signals, which is due to differences in pH and ionic strength among urine samples, remains an outstanding problem for efficient data mining. Thus, we have proposed an improved sample preparation method where urine samples are lyophilized and reconstituted in a buffer solution (pH 7.40) so that the extent of urine concentration becomes constant based on creatinine concentration. In order to examine the usefulness of the proposed method, urine samples taken from spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) and stroke-prone SHR (SHRSP) were treated not only by the proposed method but also by the usual method where urine with various concentrations is mixed with an equivalent volume of buffer solution (pH 7.40). Consequently, the pH of the urine samples prepared by the proposed method was precisely controlled to 6.89-7.01, whereas the pH of samples by the usual method was in the range of 6.81-7.18. The chemical shift variations of various metabolites having ionizable groups such as succinate, -ketoglutarate, cis-aconitate, taurine, and glycine were significantly reduced with decreases in pH variability. A preliminary multivariate statistical analysis was carried out for the (1)H NMR spectral data obtained by the proposed method, where the metabolic profiles were distinguished between the SHR and SHRSP. The proposed sample preparation method will be particularly useful to closely inspect NMR-based urinary metabonomic data for the exploration of metabolic changes.
PURPOSE: Measuring antiepileptic drug (AED) concentrations is common practice in nursing homes. Phenytoin (PHT) concentrations fluctuate substantially in many nursing home residents under constant dose conditions; however, the stability of other AED concentrations has not been studied. We investigated the variability of carbamazepine (CBZ) and valproate (VPA) concentrations under constant dose conditions in US nursing home residents. METHODS: A database of elderly persons (65 years) in 119 nursing homes throughout the US was reviewed for residents with at least one measurement of total PHT, CBZ or VPA. Inclusion criteria for this study were three or more serum concentration measurements while on the same dose of CBZ or VPA, a two-month minimum stay, and no interfering co-medications (inducers or inhibitors). Enrollment occurred over a 2-year period. Data were collected on residents for a minimum of 6 months. KEY FINDINGS: Of the 593 residents identified, 245 had CBZ or VPA concentrations measured and 44 (18%) met inclusion criteria (22 on CBZ and 22 VPA). Some subjects had little variability in AED concentrations, others had large fluctuations. Total CBZ concentrations within individuals varied as little as 0mg/L to as much as 6.3mg/L and total VPA concentrations as little as 10.0mg/L to as much as 77.6mg/L. SIGNIFICANCE: The variability of PHT, CBZ, and VPA concentrations in many but not all nursing home residents implies that a re-evaluation of the role of AED concentration measurements in the management of patients is needed. Strategies for use and interpretation of AED concentration measurements need to be reevaluated. 
Bottom-up proteomics requires the digestion of proteins into peptides by processes that use salts for denaturing and buffering purposes. These salts need to be removed prior to mass spectrometry analysis to reduce ion suppression; solid-phase extraction (SPE) is a commonly used strategy. There are many commercially available SPE sorbent types and sizes, which are generally provided with manufacturer recommendations for use, including protein loading capacity. We found that these general suggestions were often not ideal, and our data suggest that context-specific evaluation of sorbent type and amount can improve reproducibility. Specifically, the universal Oasis HLB sorbent provided better retention of the more hydrophilic peptides than the traditional C(18) reversed-phase SPE, but it did so at the expense of an increased loss of the more hydrophobic peptides. We found that increasing the amount of the C(18) sorbent beyond the manufacturer's guidelines decreased breakthrough (i.e., increased retention) of 12 hydrophilic, identifiable peptides without loss of hydrophobic peptides. This procedure was robust in a 96-well plate format.
Basing on the assumption that frontotemporal lobar degeneration (FTLD), schizophrenia and bipolar disorder (BPD) might share common aetiological mechanisms, we analyzed genetic variation in the FTLD risk gene progranulin (GRN) in a German population of patients with schizophrenia (n=271) or BPD (n=237) as compared with 574 age-, gender- and ethnicity-matched controls. Furthermore, we measured plasma progranulin levels in 26 German BPD patients as well as in 61 Italian BPD patients and 29 matched controls.A significantly decreased allelic frequency of the minor versus the wild-type allele was observed for rs2879096 (23.2 versus 34.2%, P<0.001, OR:0.63, 95%CI:0.49-0.80), rs4792938 (30.7 versus 39.7%, P=0.005, OR: 0.70, 95%CI: 0.55-0.89) and rs5848 (30.3 versus 36.8, P=0.007, OR: 0.71, 95%CI: 0.56-0.91). MeanSEM progranulin plasma levels were significantly decreased in BPD patients, either Germans or Italians, as compared with controls (89.693.97 and 116.145.80 ng/ml, respectively, versus 180.8118.39 ng/ml P<0.001) and were not correlated with age.In conclusion, GRN variability decreases the risk to develop BPD and schizophrenia, and progranulin plasma levels are significantly lower in BPD patients than in controls. Nevertheless, a larger replication analysis would be needed to confirm these preliminary results.
BACKGROUND: Several fast food companies have made commitments to reduce the levels of salt in the foods they serve, but technical issues are often cited as a barrier to achieving substantial reductions. Our objective was to examine the reported salt levels for products offered by leading multinational fast food chains. METHODS: Data on salt content for products served by six fast food chains operating in Australia, Canada, France, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States were collected by survey in April 2010. Mean salt contents (and their ranges) were calculated and compared within and between countries and companies. RESULTS: We saw substantial variation in the mean salt content for different categories of products. For example, the salads we included in our survey contained 0.5 g of salt per 100 g, whereas the chicken products we included contained 1.6 g. We also saw variability between countries: chicken products from the UK contained 1.1 g of salt per 100 g, whereas chicken products from the US contained 1.8 g. Furthermore, the mean salt content of food categories varied between companies and between the same products in different countries (e.g., McDonald's Chicken McNuggets contain 0.6 g of salt per 100 g in the UK, but 1.6 g of salt per 100 g in the US). INTERPRETATION: The salt content of fast foods varies substantially, not only by type of food, but by company and country in which the food is produced. Although the reasons for this variation are not clear, the marked differences in salt content of very similar products suggest that technical reasons are not a primary explanation. In the right regulatory environment, it is likely that fast food companies could substantially reduce the salt in their products, translating to large gains for population health. 
BACKGROUND: Since betaine is an osmolyte and methyl donor, and abnormal betaine loss is common in diabetes mellitus (>20% patients), we investigated the relationship between betaine and the post-methionine load rise in homocysteine, in diabetes and control subjects. The post-methionine load test is reported to be both an independent vascular risk factor and a measure of betaine sufficiency. METHODS: Patients with type 2 diabetes (n = 34) and control subjects (n = 17) were recruited. We measured baseline fasting plasma and 4-hour post-methionine load (L-methionine, 0.1mg/kg body weight) concentrations of homocysteine, betaine, and the betaine metabolite N,N-dimethylglycine. Baseline urine excretions of betaine, dimethylglycine and glucose were measured on morning urine samples as the ratio to urine creatinine. Statistical determinants of the post-methionine load increase in homocysteine were identified in multiple linear regression models. RESULTS: Plasma betaine concentrations and urinary betaine excretions were significantly (p < 0.001) more variable in the subjects with diabetes compared with the controls. Dimethylglycine excretion (p = 0.00014) and plasma dimethylglycine concentrations (p = 0.039) were also more variable. In diabetes, plasma betaine was a significant negative determinant (p < 0.001) of the post-methionine load increase in homocysteine. However, it was not conclusive that this was different from the relationship in the controls. In the patients with diabetes, a strong relationship was found between urinary betaine excretion and urinary glucose excretion (but not with plasma glucose). CONCLUSIONS: Both high and low plasma betaine concentrations, and high and low urinary betaine excretions, are more prevalent in diabetes. The availability of betaine affects the response in the methionine load test. The benefits of increasing betaine intake should be investigated. 
OBJECTIVES: In critically ill patients receiving continuous renal replacement therapy, we aimed to assess the variability of antibiotic trough concentrations, the influence of effluent flow rates on such concentrations, and the incidence of suboptimal antibiotic dosage. DESIGN: Prospective, observational, multicenter, pharmacokinetic study. SETTING: Four tertiary intensive care units within the multicenter RENAL randomized controlled trial of continuous renal replacement therapy intensity. PATIENTS: Twenty-four critically ill adult patients with acute kidney injury receiving ciprofloxacin, meropenem, piperacillin/tazobactam, or vancomycin during continuous renal replacement therapy. INTERVENTIONS: We obtained trough blood samples and measured antibiotic concentrations. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: We obtained data from 40 dosing intervals and observed wide variability in trough concentrations (6.7-fold for meropenem, 3.8-fold for piperacillin, 10.5-fold for tazobactam, 1.9-fold for vancomycin, and 3.9-fold for ciprofloxacin). The median (interquartile range) trough concentrations (mg/L) for meropenem was 12.1 (7.8-18.4), 105.0 (74.4-204.0)/3.8 (3.4-21.8) for piperacillin/tazobactam, 12.0 (9.8-16.0) for vancomycin, and 3.7 (3.0-5.6) for ciprofloxacin. Overall, 15% of dosing intervals did not meet predetermined minimum therapeutic target concentrations, 40% did not achieve the higher target concentration, and, during 10% of dosing intervals, antibiotic concentrations were excessive. No difference, however, was found between patients on the basis of the intensity of continuous renal replacement therapy; this effect may have been obscured by differences in dosing regimens, time off the filter, or altered pharmacokinetics. CONCLUSIONS: There is significant variability in antibiotic trough concentrations in critically ill patients receiving continuous renal replacement therapy, which did not only appear to be influenced by effluent flow rate. Here, empirical dosing of antibiotics failed to achieve the target trough antibiotic concentration during 25% of the dosing intervals. 
Using urinary carisoprodol data from pain patients, our objectives were to determine the relationship between carisoprodol concentration and its conversion to meprobamate, and quantify the intra-subject and inter-subject variability in carisoprodol metabolism. Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry was used to quantitate carisoprodol and meprobamate concentrations in urine specimens. The log creatinine-corrected carisoprodol versus log creatinine-corrected meprobamate showed a marginal positive relationship (R(2) = 0.395), with a 29.1-fold variance between subjects at the mean carisoprodol concentration. The geometric mean carisoprodol and meprobamate urine concentrations were 0.519  3.38 mg and 28.2  2.34 mg analyte per gram creatinine, respectively. The log metabolic ratio (MR) versus log creatinine-corrected carisoprodol displayed a marginal positive correlation. A subpopulation of outliers with higher carisoprodol and lower meprobamate levels were considered poor metabolizers and represented 0.483% (n = 21) of the study population. Using a curve-fit mathematical model, we estimated 0.318% (n = 10) to be ultra-rapid metabolizers. The inter-subject population geometric standard deviation (SD) of the MR was 3.64. The intra-subject geometric median and mean SD of the MR were 1.60 (interquartile range: 1.28, 2.07) and 1.72  1.60, respectively. Inter-subject variability was 2.27 times greater than the median intra-subject variability. With a better understanding of urine carisoprodol and meprobamate concentrations and variability, urine drug testing provides a useful monitoring reference for clinicians.
Healthy blood plasma is required for several therapeutic procedures. To maximize successful therapeutic outcomes it is critical to control the quality of blood plasma. Clearly initiatives to improve the safety of blood transfusions will have a high economical and social impact. A detailed knowledge of the composition of healthy blood plasma is essential to facilitate such improvements. Apart from free proteins, lipids and metabolites, blood plasma also contains cell-derived microvesicles, including exosomes and microparticles from several different cellular origins. In this study, we have purified microvesicles smaller than 220nm from plasma of healthy donors and performed proteomic, ultra-structural, biochemical and functional analyses. We have detected 161 microvesicle-associated proteins, including many associated with the complement and coagulation signal-transduction cascades. Several proteases and protease inhibitors associated with acute phase responses were present, indicating that these microvesicles may be involved in these processes. There was a remarkably high variability in the protein content of plasma from different donors. In addition, we report that this variability could be relevant for their interaction with cellular systems. This work provides valuable information on plasma microvesicles and a foundation to understand microvesicle biology and clinical implications.
Estimation of systemic exposure after absorption of any xenobiotic from the skin is very important in development of dermal pharmaceutical products as well as assessing un-intended exposures due to cosmetic products or environmental and occupational compounds. Historically, animal models have been used to evaluate dermal drug absorption before conducting human trials. However, occasional disparity between the animal and human data plus rising public interest and regulatory requirements to reduce animal usage in research combined with high cost and time-consuming attributes of animal experiments have prompted many academic and industrial researchers to develop economically viable and scientifically robust in silico and in vitro methods to assess dermal drug absorption. There are a number of in silico models available in literature from quantitative structure-activity relationship to semi-mechanistic to physiologically based mechanistic models. Nonetheless, to the best of our knowledge, so far, there has been no attempt to combine mechanistic skin absorption model with database of physiological variability to simulate the inter- and intra-individual variability observed in human trials. Thus, we report here mechanistic dermal absorption model with formulation, stratum corneum, viable epidermis-dermis and blood compartments along with datab"ase of human dermal physiological variability including gender, ethnic and site of application variations. The developed model is incorporated into the Simcyp simulator which is a 'bottom-up' platform and database for mechanistic modelling and simulation of the drug disposition process using full body physiologically based pharmacokinetics model. The built model is validated using the clinical pharmacokinetic data from five different topical formulations of diclofenac. The effect of penetration enhancers, site of application, gender and ethnic variations were incorporated to simulate the clinical trials. The applied mechanistic dermal absorption model when combined with skin physiological database was able to recover well the observed clinical pharmacokinetics and population variability in all the five validation studies.
AIMS: Quality of life is an important outcome measure in studies of urinary incontinence. Electronic collection of data has several advantages. We examined the reliability of the Swedish version of the highly recommended condition-specific quality of life questionnaire International Consultation on Incontinence Modular Questionnaire-Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms Quality of Life (ICIQ-LUTSqol), in paper and web-based formats in women with stress urinary incontinence. METHODS: Women aged 18-70 years, with stress urinary incontinence at least once weekly, were recruited via the project's website and answered the ICIQ-LUTSqol questionnaire. Respondents completed either the paper version twice (n=78), or paper and web-based versions once each (n=54). The ICIQ validation protocol was followed. RESULTS: The mean interval between answers was 18.1 (SD=3.1) days in the paper versus paper setting and 15.0 (SD=7.8) days in the paper versus web-based setting. Internal consistency was excellent, with Cronbach's alpha coefficients of 0.87 for the paper version and 0.86 for the web-based version. There was a high degree of agreement of overall scores with intraclass correlations in the paper versus paper and paper versus web-based settings: 0.95 (P<0.001) and 0.92 (P<0.001), respectively. The mean of each individual item's weighted kappa value was 0.61 in both settings. CONCLUSIONS: The questionnaire is reliable in women with stress urinary incontinence, and it can be used in either a paper or a web-based version. 
BACKGROUND: Current literature examining associations between vitamin D and chronic disease generally use a single assessment of 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D], assuming the 25(OH)D concentration of an individual is consistent over time. METHODS: We investigated the intraindividual variability between two measures of plasma 25(OH)D concentrations collected approximately five years apart (1997-2000 to 2002-2005) in 672 postmenopausal women participating in the Women's Health Initiative. Plasma 25(OH)D was assessed using the DiaSorin LIAISON chemiluminescence immunoassay. The within-pair coefficient of variation (CV) was 4.9% using blinded quality control samples. Mean and SDs of 25(OH)D at the two time points were compared using a paired t test. An intraindividual CV and intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) were used to assess intraindividual variability. A Spearman correlation coefficient (r) assessed the strength of the association between the two measures, and concordance in vitamin D status at two time points was compared. RESULTS: Mean 25(OH)D concentrations (nmol/L) significantly increased over time from 60.0 (SD = 22.2) to 67.8 (SD = 22.2; P < 0.05). The CV was 24.6%, the ICC [95% confidence interval (CI)] was 0.59 (0.54-0.64), and the Spearman r was 0.61 (95% CI = 0.56-0.66). Greater concordance over five years was observed in participants with sufficient compared with deficient or inadequate baseline 25(OH)D concentrations (weighted kappa = 0.39). Reliability measures were moderately influenced by season of blood draw and vitamin D supplement use. CONCLUSION: There is moderate intraindividual variation in 25(OH)D concentrations over approximately five years. IMPACT: These data support the use of a one-time measure of blood 25(OH)D in prospective studies with  five years of follow-up. 
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: The study seeks to determine whether a urinary cough and jump stress test is reproducible and whether there is a relationship between a stress test and a 24-h pad test and our subjective Stress Incontinence Index. METHODS: Multicenter prospective cohort study of women with subjective stress incontinence. Each patient completed a validated Stress and Urge Incontinence Questionnaire and a 24-h pad test and performed two standardized cough and jump stress tests. RESULTS: All 108 women were incontinent during both the first and second stress tests. There was a large variation in leakage and the leakage was significantly larger during stress test 2 than during stress test 1 (P < 0.02). Correlations found between the stress test and the 24 hour pad test and between the stress test and the Stress Incontinence Index were poor. CONCLUSION: The cough and jump stress test is reproducible and able to document stress leakage. 
BACKGROUND: Data can be collected for various purposes with anesthesia information management systems. The authors describe methods for using data acquired from an anesthesia information management system to assess intraoperative utilization of blood and blood components. METHODS: Over an 18-month period, data were collected on 48,086 surgical patients at a tertiary care academic medical center. All data were acquired with an automated anesthesia recordkeeping system. Detailed reports were generated for blood and blood component utilization according to surgical service and surgical procedure, and for individual surgeons and anesthesiologists. Transfusion hemoglobin trigger and target concentrations were compared among surgical services and procedures, and between individual medical providers. RESULTS: For all patients given erythrocytes, the mean transfusion hemoglobin trigger was 8.4  1.5, and the target was 10.2  1.5 g/dl. Variation was significant among surgical services (trigger range: 7.5  1.2-9.5  1.1, P = 0.0001; target range: 9.1  1.2-11.3  1.4 g/dl, P = 0.002), surgeons (trigger range: 7.2  0.7-9.8  1.0, P = 0.001; target range: 8.8  0.9-11.8  1.3 g/dl, P = 0.001), and anesthesiologists (trigger range: 7.2  0.8-9.6  1.2, P = 0.001; target range: 9.0  0.9-11.7  1.3 g/dl, P = 0.0004). The use of erythrocyte salvage, fresh frozen plasma, and platelets varied threefold to fourfold among individual surgeons compared with their peers performing the same surgical procedure. CONCLUSIONS: The use of data acquired from an anesthesia information management system allowed a detailed analysis of blood component utilization, which revealed significant variation among surgical services and surgical procedures, and among individual anesthesiologists and surgeons compared with their peers. Incorporating these methods of data acquisition and analysis into a blood management program could reduce unnecessary transfusions, an outcome that may increase patient safety and reduce costs. 
BACKGROUND: The nicotine metabolite ratio (NMR or 3-hydroxycotinine/cotinine) has been used to phenotype CYP2A6-mediated nicotine metabolism. Our objectives were to analyze (i) the stability of NMR in plasma, saliva, and blood in various storage conditions, (ii) the relationship between NMRs derived from blood, plasma, saliva, and urine, and (iii) the reproducibility of plasma NMR in ad libitum cigarette smokers. METHODS: We analyzed data from four clinical studies. In studies 1 and 2, we assessed NMR stability in saliva and plasma samples at room temperature (~22C) over 14 days and in blood at 4C for up to 72 hours. In studies 2 and 3, we used Bland-Altman analysis to assess agreement between blood, plasma, saliva, and urine NMRs. In study 4, plasma NMR was measured on six occasions over 44 weeks in 43 ad libitum smokers. RESULTS: Reliability coefficients for stability tests of NMR in plasma and saliva at room temperature were 0.97 and 0.98, respectively, and 0.92 for blood at 4C. Blood NMR agreed consistently with saliva and plasma NMRs but showed more variability in relation to urine NMR. The reliability coefficient for repeated plasma NMR measurements in smokers was 0.85. CONCLUSION: The NMR is stable in blood, plasma, and saliva at the conditions tested. Blood, plasma, and saliva NMRs are similar whereas urine NMR is a good proxy for these NMR measures. Plasma NMR was reproducible over time in smokers. IMPACT: One measurement may reliably estimate a smoker's NMR for use as an estimate of the rate of nicotine metabolism. 
BACKGROUND: The extent to which a single serum 25(OH)D measurement represents long-term vitamin D status remains unclear. This study aims to assess the variability of serum 25(OH)D between tests taken at different time intervals. METHODS: Using the computerized database of the largest healthcare provider in Israel, we identified subjects in whom a serum 25(OH)D test was performed on at least two different occasions between January 2008 and September 2011 (n = 188,771). For these subjects we selected the first and the last dated tests, then we identified those who were not treated with supplements during the last 6 months before the first and before the last test (n = 94,418). Of these we analyzed subjects in whom the first and the last tests were performed in the same month of the year (n = 8881). RESULTS: The mean serum 25(OH)D level at the first test was 51.7  24.0 nmol/L and was 56.7  24.7 at the last test (P<0.001); the overall correlation was 0.63 (P < 0.001). For vitamin D status in two categories (<50 versus  50 nmol/L), the percentage of agreement between the first and last tests was 74.4%, and was 50.8% for vitamin D status in four categories (<30, 30-49.9, 50-74.9, and  75 nmol/L). The correlation decreased with increasing time between the tests ranging from 0.83 for tests done at the same year to 0.55 after 3 years. The more the first levels were higher or lower, the more likely subjects remain in their first category ( 50 versus <50 nmol/L). CONCLUSIONS: Long-term month specific serum 25(OH)D levels are relatively stable. 
BACKGROUND: Biomarkers of low-grade systemic inflammation are used to study the associations of inflammation with chronic diseases, including cancer. However, relatively little is known about the intraindividual variability of most of these measures. METHODS: Fasting serum samples, collected at baseline and the end of 3-week washout periods in a four-diet crossover feeding trial, were used to measure the inflammatory markers high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), interleukin (IL)-6, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-, IL-8, and soluble TNF receptor (sTNFR) I and II. Participants included 62 men and women for analyses of IL-6 and CRP and 56 for analyses of IL-8, TNF-, and sTNFRs, aged 20 to 40, who were free of factors known to influence inflammation, for example, chronic disease, medication use, heavy alcohol use, smoking, and obesity (body mass index >30 kg/m(2)). Intraclass correlations (ICC) were estimated using random effects ANOVA, across all four time points (~6 weeks apart). RESULTS: ICCs for TNF- and sTNFR I and II were very high: ICC = 0.92 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.89-0.96], 0.92 (95% CI, 0.88-0.95), and 0.90 (95% CI, 0.85-0.94), respectively. ICCs for IL-8 and hsCRP were 0.73 (95% CI, 0.63-0.83) and 0.62 (95% CI, 0.49-0.75), respectively. The ICC for IL-6 was considerably lower, ICC = 0.48 (95% CI, 0.36-0.62). Three measures of IL-6 would be needed to achieve a reliability coefficient (Cronbach ) of 0.75. CONCLUSIONS: With the exception of IL-6, reliability of all inflammatory markers in our panel was high. IMPACT: This suggests that a single measure accurately captures the short-term (e.g., 4-6 months) variability within an individual. 
BACKGROUND: Accurate measurement of proteinuria is important in the diagnosis and management of chronic kidney disease (CKD). The reference standard test, 24-hour urinary protein excretion, is inconvenient and vulnerable to collection errors. Spot urine protein-creatinine ratio (PCR) is a convenient alternative and is in widespread use. However, day-to-day variability in PCR measurements has not been evaluated. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective cohort study of day-to-day variability in spot urine PCR measurement. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: Clinically stable outpatients with CKD (n = 145) attending a university hospital CKD clinic in Australia between July 2007 and April 2010. INDEX TEST: Spot urine PCR. OUTCOMES: Spot PCR variability was assessed and repeatability limits were determined using fractional polynomials. MEASUREMENTS: Spot PCRs were measured from urine samples collected at 9:00 am on consecutive days and 24-hour urinary protein excretion was collected concurrently. RESULTS: Paired results were analyzed from 145 patients: median age, 56 years; 59% men; and median 24-hour urinary protein excretion, 0.7 (range, 0.06-35.7) g/d. Day-to-day variability was substantial and increased in absolute terms, but decreased in relative terms with increasing baseline PCR. For patients with a low baseline PCR (20 mg/mmol [177 mg/g]), a change greater than 160% (repeatability limits, 0-52 mg/mmol [0-460 mg/g]) is required to indicate a real change in proteinuria status with 95% certainty, whereas for those with a high baseline PCR (200 mg/mmol [1,768 mg/g]), a change of 50% (decrease to <100 mg/mmol [<884 mg/g] or increase to >300 mg/mmol [>2,652 mg/g]) represents significant change. LIMITATIONS: These study results need to be replicated in other ethnic groups. CONCLUSIONS: Changes in PCR observed in patients with CKD, ranging from complete resolution to doubling of PCR values, could be due to inherent biological variation and may not indicate a change in disease status. This should be borne in mind when using PCR in the diagnosis and management of CKD. 
Diagnosis of invasive aspergillosis (IA) is still a major problem in routine clinical practice. Early diagnosis is essential for a good patient prognosis. PCR is a highly sensitive method for the detection of nucleic acids and could play an important role in improving the diagnosis of fungal infections. Therefore, a novel DNA extraction method, ultraclean production (UCP), was developed allowing purification of both cellular and cell-free circulating fungal DNA. In this prospective study we evaluated the commercially available UCP extraction system and compared it to an in-house system. Sixty-three patients at high risk for IA were screened twice weekly, and DNA extracted by both methods was cross-analyzed, in triplicate, by two different real-time PCR assays. The negative predictive values were high for all methods (94.3 to 100%), qualifying them as screening methods, but the sensitivity and diagnostic odds ratios were higher using the UCP extraction method. Sensitivity ranged from 33.3 to 66.7% using the in-house extracts to 100% using the UCP extraction method. Most of the unclassified patients showed no positive PCR results; however, single-positive PCR replicates were observed in some cases. These can bear clinical relevance but should be interpreted with additional clinical and laboratory data. The PCR assays from the UCP extracts showed greater reproducibility than the in-house method for probable IA patients. The standardized UCP extraction method yielded superior results, with regard to sensitivity and reproducibility, than the in-house method. This was independent of the PCR assay used to detect fungal DNA in the sample extracts.
Single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is used widely in clinical studies. However, the technique requires image reconstruction and the methods for correcting scattered radiation and absorption are not standardized among SPECT procedures. Therefore, quantitation of cerebral blood flow (CBF) may not be constant across SPECT models. The quantitative SPECT (QSPECT) software package has been developed for standardization of CBF. Using the QSPECT/dual-table autoradiographic (DTARG) method, CBF and cerebral vascular reactivity (CVR) at rest and after acetazolamide challenge can be evaluated using (123)I-iodoamphetamine in a single SPECT session. In this study, we examined the reproducibility of quantitative regional CBF and CVR in QSPECT/DTARG using different SPECT models at two facilities. The subjects were nine patients with chronic cerebral ischemic disease who underwent QSPECT/DTARG at both facilities with use of different -cameras and collimators. There were significant correlations for CBF at rest and after acetazolamide challenge measured at the two facilities. The consistency of the CBFs of the patients measured at the two facilities were good in all cases. Our results show that CBF measured by QSPECT/DTARG in the same patients is reproducible in different SPECT models. This indicates that standardized evaluation of CBF can be performed in large multicenter studies.
OBJECTIVE: To determine whether preanalytic and analytic factors affect evaluation of the urinary protein-to-creatinine (UPC) ratio in dogs. SAMPLE: 50 canine urine samples. PROCEDURES: The UPC ratio was measured to assess the intra-assay imprecision (20 measurements within a single session), the influence of predilution (1:10, 1:20, and 1:100) for urine creatinine concentration measurement, and the effect of storage at room temperature (approx 20C), 4C, and -20C. RESULTS: The coefficient of variation at room temperature determined with the 1:20 predilution was < 10.0%, with the highest coefficients of variation found in samples with a low protein concentration or low urine specific gravity. This variability could result in misclassification of samples with UPC ratios close to the thresholds defined by the International Renal Interest Society to classify dogs as nonproteinuric (0.2), borderline proteinuric (0.21 to 0.50), or proteinuric (> 0.51). A proportional bias was found in samples prediluted 1:10, compared with samples prediluted 1:20 or 1:100. At room temperature, the UPC ratio did not significantly increase after 2 and 4 hours. After 12 hours at room temperature and at 4C, the UPC ratio significantly increased. The UPC ratio did not significantly change during 3 months of storage at -20C. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: The intra-assay precision of the UPC ratio was sufficiently low to avoid misclassification of samples, except for values close to 0.2 or 0.5. The optimal predilution ratio for urine creatinine concentration measurement was 1:20. A 1:100 predilution is recommended in samples with a urine specific gravity > 1.030. The UPC ratio must be measured as soon as samples are collected. Alternatively, samples should be immediately frozen to increase their stability and minimize the risk of misclassification of proteinuria. 
This study investigated the psychometric properties of the Continence Self-Efficacy Scale. Data was collected from 128 women who had urinary incontinence using the following instruments: the Continence Self-Efficacy Scale, the Broome Pelvic Muscle Exercise Self-Efficacy Scale, the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire Short Form, and the Beck Depression Inventory. The validity of the Continence Self-Efficacy Scale was investigated using confirmatory factor analysis and convergent and divergent validity analyses. The reliability of the Continence Self-Efficacy Scale was examined in terms of internal consistency and test-retest correlations. Confirmatory factor analysis indicated a three -factor model that had acceptable goodness-of-fit indices. The convergent validity of the Continence Self-Efficacy Scale was supported by a positive correlation between the Continence Self-Efficacy Scale and the Broome Pelvic Muscle Exercise Self-Efficacy Scale. The divergent validity of the Continence Self-Efficacy Scale was supported by negative relationships between the Continence Self-Efficacy Scale and the Beck Depression Inventory. The Cronbach's alpha values regarding internal consistency were 0.94 for the overall scale and 0.92-0.93 for the subscales. Test-retest correlations were 0.75 for the overall scale and 0.52-0.74 for the subscales. The Continence Self-Efficacy Scale is a valid and reliable instrument for use in Turkish women with urinary incontinence.
PURPOSE: To compare the use of serum and plasma in multiplex immunoassay analyses of 190 proteins and small molecules, and associated molecular pathways. We also tested whether differences between these biofluids can influence the identification of potential biomarkers in a preliminary study comparing bipolar disorder patients with controls. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Using multiplexed immunoassay analyses, we compared the measurement levels and interindividual variation of 190 proteins and small molecules between serum and plasma collected from 21 healthy individuals. We exemplify how this can impact on the outcome of biomarker discovery studies using a case study of 24 patients with bipolar disorder. RESULTS: Detection of analytes was similar for serum and plasma, although there were marked differences in measurement variability for 29 proteins and cortisol. When considering the disease cohort we identified six proteins that changed significantly in serum and ten in plasma with an overlap of two proteins. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: In spite of the similarities of coverage on a multiplexed platform for serum and plasma, there were important differences in interindividual variability, which can have significant impact on identifications made in biomarker studies. 
OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to investigate the interobserver reliability for measuring ophthalmic artery Doppler indices. METHODS: Healthy women (n = 30) were evaluated. The resistive index, pulsatility index, and peak ratio were determined by two independent observers who were blind to each other. A paired t test was used for the comparison of paired samples in the cases of replication between observers. Pearson product-moment correlation was used to study the relationship between the samples. The Bland-Altman graphic approach was used to investigate the agreement between observers. RESULTS: No significant differences were found between the values obtained by the two independent observers for the resistive index and pulsatility index. The difference observed between the values obtained by the observers for the peak ratio was 0.02. CONCLUSIONS: Doppler velocimetry is a reproducible technique for evaluation of the resistive index and pulsatility index. For analysis of the peak ratio, an interval of 0.02 should be considered for the measurement. 
The concentrative nucleoside transporter CNT1 and equilibrated nucleoside transporter ENT1 mediate the cellular uptake of naturally occurring pyrimidine and purine nucleosides and many structurally diverse anticancer and antiviral nucleoside analogs, thereby regulating drug responses or toxicity at the target site. The objectives of this study were to analyze interindividual variations in the cellular accumulation of gemcitabine and to examine the correlation between the uptake of gemcitabine and expression levels of CNT1 and ENT1 transporters. Gemcitabine was a substrate for both CNT1 and ENT1 with higher affinity to CNT1 than to ENT1. The difference in gemcitabine uptake was 4.8-fold in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from 10 subjects. Among these, the CNT1- and ENT1-mediated uptake of gemcitabine was 14.3- and 16.5-folds, respectively. CNT1-mediated gemcitabine uptake showed a higher correlation with the CNT1 expression level than did ENT1-mediated uptake with ENT1 expression level. In conclusion, CNT1 seemed to be a major contributing factor to gemcitabine uptake in PBMCs and showed 14.3-fold inter-individual variations. However, ENT1-mediated uptake of gemcitabine might compensate for the total uptake of gemcitabine; therefore, the variation in the apparent accumulation of gemcitabine was smaller than that of the individual transporters.
Human exposure to phthalates and bisphenol A (BPA) can be assessed through urinary biomonitoring, but methods to infer daily intakes assume that spot sample concentrations are comparable to daily average concentrations. We evaluate this assumption using human biomonitoring data from Germany and the United States (US). The German data comprised three regional studies with spot samples and one with full-day samples analyzed for phthalate metabolites. The US data included: a study on DEHP metabolites and BPA involving eight persons supplying all urine voids (from which 24-h samples were constructed) for seven consecutive days; NHANES spot sample data on DEHP metabolites and BPA; and a regional study of children with 48-h samples analyzed for BPA. In the German data, measures of central tendency differed, but spot and 24-h samples showed generally comparable variance including 95th percentiles and maxima equidistant from central tendency measures. In contrast, the US adult data from the eight-person study showed similar central tendencies for phthalate metabolites and BPA, but generally greater variability for the spot samples, including higher 95th percentiles and maxima. When comparing children's BPA concentrations in NHANES spot and 48-h samples, distributions showed similar central tendency and variability. Overall, spot urinary concentrations of DEHP metabolites and BPA have variability roughly comparable with corresponding 24-h average concentrations obtained from a comparable population, suggesting that spot samples can be used to characterize population distributions of intakes. However, the analysis also suggests that caution should be exercised when interpreting the high end of spot sample data sets.
The behavior of three insulin action and glucose kinetics models was assessed for an insulin therapy regime in the presence of patient variability. For this purpose, postprandial glucose in patients with type 1 diabetes was predicted by considering intra- and inter-patient variability using modal interval analysis. Equations to achieve optimal prediction are presented for models 1, 2 and 3, which are of increasing complexity. The model parameters were adjusted to reflect the "same" patient in the presence of variability. The glucose response envelope for model 1, the simplest insulin-glucose model assessed, included the responses of the other two models when a good fit of the model parameters was achieved. Thus, under variability, simple glucose-insulin models may be sufficient to describe patient dynamics in most situations.
BACKGROUND: Since serum albumin is glycosylated more rapidly than hemoglobin, it is possible that the glycated albumin (GA) to HbA1c ratio (GA: HbA1c ratio) is potentially a more sensitive indicator of blood glucose excursion than HbA1c. The aim of the present study was to assess the clinical usefulness of GA: HbA1c ratio as a marker of daily glucose excursions in patients with type 1 diabetes according to the subtypes; acute onset type 1A, fulminant and slowly progressive type 1 diabetes. METHODS: Fifty-six outpatients with type 1 diabetes [16 fulminant, 20 acute-onset type 1A and 20 slowly progressive (SPIDDM)] were recruited consecutively. Each patient performed self-monitoring of blood glucose at seven points a day. The associations among the daily profile of glucose and GA, HbA1c, GA: HbA1c ratio were examined across and within the subtypes of type 1 diabetes. RESULTS: GA and GA: HbA1c ratio were each independently correlated with mean amplitude of glucose excursion (MAGE) in patients with type 1 diabetes (F=27.53, p<0.001 and F=13.02, p<0.001, respectively). GA: HbA1c ratio was significantly higher in fulminant type 1 diabetic patients than in SPIDDM patients (3.5  0.2 vs. 3.2  0.5, p=0.015) and it was independently associated with MAGE within fulminant type 1 diabetes (F=21.2, p<0.001). CONCLUSION: In conclusion, the present study demonstrated that GA: HbA1c ratio could be a better marker for glycemic variability than HbA1c in type 1 diabetes, especially in fulminant type 1 diabetes. 
CONTEXT: FGF23 measurement may have a role in the management of patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to study the biological variability of plasma intact FGF23 (iFGF23) and C-terminal FGF23 (cFGF23) concentrations. DESIGN: Plasma samples were taken from 12 healthy adults at multiple time points on 2 consecutive days to assess diurnal variability of FGF23 concentrations. Early-morning fasting and nonfasting samples were also taken over a 6-wk period to estimate components of biological variation. Samples from 170 volunteers were used to define reference intervals. FGF23 concentrations were measured by commercial ELISA. Western blotting was used to analyze FGF23 species from the plasma of healthy adults and patients with predialysis CKD and those undergoing dialysis. PARTICIPANTS AND SETTING: A total of 180 healthy adults and 18 adults with stage 3-5D CKD participated in this study at a hospital research unit. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Estimates were made of the biological variability of plasma FGF23 concentrations. RESULTS: iFGF23, but not cFGF23, showed significant diurnal variation. cFGF23 had a significantly lower intra-individual variation than iFGF23 (8.3 vs. 18.3%) but higher inter-individual variation than iFGF23 (28.9 vs. 19.2%). Fourteen samples would be needed to estimate an individual's homeostatic set point (within 10%) for iFGF23 compared with only three samples for cFGF23. Using Western blotting, C-terminal FGF23 fragments were detected in the plasma of individuals with normal renal function and at all stages of renal disease. The percent cFGF23 was significantly higher in those without renal impairment (P < 0.001) and was positively correlated with plasma phosphate concentration in those with normal renal function. CONCLUSIONS: The high intra-individual biological variability of iFGF23 may limit its clinical use as a diagnostic or management tool. Risk-related thresholds may be more appropriate for clinical decision making based on cFGF23 measurements than conventional reference intervals. FGF23 cleavage pathways may be an important natural regulatory mechanism for phosphate control. 
OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to quantitatively evaluate population variability, regional uniformity and repeatability of myocardial blood flow measurements using [13N]-ammonia and small animal PET. METHODS: Serial PET scans were conducted on Sprague-Dawley rats using [13N]-ammonia to study relative perfusion and absolute myocardial blood flow (ml/min/g). FlowQuant automated analysis software was used to produce five-segment polar maps to investigate regional myocardial blood flow differences. The interobserver and intraobserver repeatability was assessed quantitatively using Bland-Altman analysis. RESULTS: Absolute myocardial blood flow values were 4.3  1.1 ml/min/g, corresponding to a population variability of 25.5%. There were significant age-related increases in resting myocardial blood flow (r2=0.59, P<0.001). The test-retest differences had a coefficient of repeatability of 24.5% of the mean myocardial blood flow. The operator variability was small, relative to the population variability. CONCLUSION: Repeatable myocardial blood flow values are minimally influenced by operator intervention. However, age-related myocardial blood flow increases must be taken into account when comparing measurements between experimental groups. 
Blood sample processing and handling can have a significant impact on the stability and levels of proteins measured in biomarker studies. Such pre-analytical variability needs to be well understood in the context of the different proteomics platforms available for biomarker discovery and validation. In the present study we evaluated different types of blood collection tubes including the BD P100 tube containing protease inhibitors as well as CTAD tubes, which prevent platelet activation. We studied the effect of different processing protocols as well as delays in tube processing on the levels of 55 mid and high abundance plasma proteins using novel multiple-reaction monitoring-mass spectrometry (MRM-MS) assays as well as 27 low abundance cytokines using a commercially available multiplexed bead-based immunoassay. The use of P100 tubes containing protease inhibitors only conferred proteolytic protection for 4 cytokines and only one MRM-MS-measured peptide. Mid and high abundance proteins measured by MRM are highly stable in plasma left unprocessed for up to six hours although platelet activation can also impact the levels of these proteins. The levels of cytokines were elevated when tubes were centrifuged at cold temperature, while low levels were detected when samples were collected in CTAD tubes. Delays in centrifugation also had an impact on the levels of cytokines measured depending on the type of collection tube used. Our findings can help in the development of guidelines for blood collection and processing for proteomic biomarker studies.
Alkylresorcinols (AR) have been suggested as specific dietary biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake. AR are metabolised to 3,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid (DHBA) and 3-(3,5-dihydroxyphenyl)-1-propanoic acid (DHPPA), which have longer apparent half-lives and were recently proposed to better reflect long-term whole-grain consumption than the intact AR. The objective of this study was to analyse the reliability--expressed by the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC)--of AR metabolite concentrations among 100 participants from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Potsdam study who provided two fasting plasma samples 4 months apart. DHBA and DHPPA concentrations were not significantly different between the first and second measurement over the 4-month period (P>0.05). The ICC was 0.32 (95% confidence interval (CI)=0.13-0.49) for DHBA and 0.37 (95%CI=0.19-0.53) for DHPPA. These results suggest that AR metabolites cannot be considered to be better biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake than the intact AR in fasting plasma (ICC=0.42).
Changes in the cellular metabolism assessed by the variability of oxygen consumption (VO(2) ) and carbon dioxide production (VCO(2) ) as well as the association of serum glucose and insulin to energy spectral density (ESD) of VO(2) and VCO(2) were evaluated. Ten nonglucose intolerant and 10 glucose intolerant subjects, aged 21-70 years, were included. Glucose and insulin concentrations and VO(2) and VCO(2) records were collected every 10 min during 3 h. ESD of VO(2) and VCO(2) was estimated and associated with glucose and insulin concentrations. Statistical significance in glucose levels, insulin, and ESD of VO(2) and VCO(2) among nonglucose intolerant subjects and glucose and insulin among glucose intolerance subjects at postload glucose (PLG) state compared with basal state was found. Moreover, glucose was significantly higher in glucose intolerance subjects than nonglucose intolerant subjects for basal and PLG states. These results show an increment in ESD of VO(2) and VCO(2) at PLG state among nonglucose intolerant subjects and suggest that their measurement may be a key indicator of the variability of cellular metabolic activity and contribute to confirm disturbances in glucose metabolism.
BACKGROUND: Parabens are suspected endocrine disruptors and ubiquitous preservatives used in personal care products, pharmaceuticals, and foods. No studies have assessed the variability of parabens in women, including during pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated predictors and variability of urinary paraben concentrations. METHODS: We measured urinary concentrations of methyl (MP), propyl (PP), and butyl paraben (BP) among couples from a fertility center. Mixed-effects regression models were fit to examine demographic predictors of paraben concentrations and to calculate intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs). RESULTS: Between 2005 and 2010, we collected 2,721 spot urine samples from 245 men and 408 women. The median concentrations were 112 g/L (MP), 24.2 g/L (PP), and 0.70 g/L (BP). Urinary MP and PP concentrations were 4.6 and 7.8 times higher in women than men, respectively, and concentrations of both MP and PP were 3.8 times higher in African Americans than Caucasians. MP and PP concentrations were slightly more variable in women (ICC = 0.42, 0.43) than men (ICC = 0.54, 0.51), and were weakly correlated between partners (r = 0.27-0.32). Among 129 pregnant women, urinary paraben concentrations were 25-45% lower during pregnancy than before pregnancy, and MP and PP concentrations were more variable (ICCs of 0.38 and 0.36 compared with 0.46 and 0.44, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Urinary paraben concentrations were more variable in women compared with men, and during pregnancy compared with before pregnancy. However, results for this study population suggest that a single urine sample may reasonably represent an individual's exposure over several months, and that a single sample collected during pregnancy may reasonably classify gestational exposure. 
Insulin therapy in type 1 diabetes aims to mimic the pattern of endogenous insulin secretion found in healthy subjects. Glucose-insulin models are widely used in the development of new predictive control strategies in order to maintain the plasma glucose concentration within a narrow range, avoiding the risks of high or low levels of glucose in the blood. However, due to the high variability of this biological process, the exact values of the model parameters are unknown, but they can be bounded by intervals. In this work, the computation of tight glucose concentration bounds under parametric uncertainty for the development of robust prediction tools is addressed. A monotonicity analysis of the model states and parameters is performed. An analysis of critical points, state transformations and application of differential inequalities are proposed to deal with non-monotone parameters. In contrast to current methods, the guaranteed simulations for the glucose-insulin model are carried out by considering uncertainty in all the parameters and initial conditions. Furthermore, no time-discretisation is required, which helps to reduce the computational time significantly. As a result, we are able to compute a tight glucose envelope that bounds all the possible patient's glycemic responses with low computational effort.
The aim of the study was to demonstrate the influence of target gene and amplification product length on the performance of fetal gender determination systems using maternal plasma. A total of 40 pairs of plasma DNA samples from pregnant women and genomic DNA samples from maternal blood, amniotic fluid and paternal blood were isolated for gender determination by amplification of the amelogenin gene and 17 Y-chromosome STR loci, using three different commercial kits. The gender of the fetuses was confirmed by cytogenetic analysis or phenotype at birth. Both the AmpFSTR-Identifiler amplification kit and the Mini-STR Amplification kit for amelogenin gene detection were reliable in determining fetal gender (92.0% and 96.0%, respectively), but false negatives were present in both systems. AmpFSTR-Yfiler was found to be fully reliable as it amplified Y-STR in all cases of pregnancies with male fetuses and thus was 100% correct in determining fetal gender. The results demonstrated that multiple fluorescent PCR for 17 Y-STR loci was more reliable than AMELY gene testing in fetal sex determination with maternal plasma. We also found that the shorter amplification products could improve the performance of fetal gender determination systems.
PURPOSE: To assess the reliability of cerebral blood volume (CBV) maps as a substitute for diffusion-weighted MRI (DWI) in acute ischemic stroke. In acute stroke, DWI is often used to identify irreversibly injured "core" tissue. Some propose using perfusion imaging, specifically CBV maps, in place of DWI. We examined whether CBV maps can reliably subsitute for DWI, and assessed the effect of scan duration on calculated CBV. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We retrospectively identified 58 patients who underwent DWI and MR perfusion imaging within 12 h of stroke onset. CBV in each DWI lesion's center was divided by CBV in the normal-appearing contralateral hemisphere to yield relative regional CBV (rrCBV). The proportion of lesions with decreased rrCBV was calculated. After using the full scan duration (110 s after contrast injection), rrCBV was recalculated using simulated shorter scans. The effect of scan duration on rrCBV was tested with linear regression. RESULTS: Using the full scan duration (110 s), rrCBV was increased in most DWI lesions (62%; 95% confidence interval, 48-74%). rrCBV increased with increasing scan duration (P < 0.001). Even with the shortest duration (39.5 s) rrCBV was increased in 33% of lesions. CONCLUSION: Because DWI lesions may have elevated or decreased CBV, CBV maps cannot reliably substitute for DWI in identifying the infarct core. 
BACKGROUND: Urine output is a surrogate for tissue perfusion and is typically measured at 1-hour intervals. Because small urine volumes are difficult to measure in urine collection bags, considerable over- or underestimation is common. To overcome these shortcomings, digital urine meters were developed. Because these monitors measure urine volume in 1-minute intervals, they provide minute-to-minute measurements of the urine flow rate (UFR). In a previous study, we observed that the minute-to-minute variability in the UFR disappeared during hypovolemia. The aim of this study was to describe the minute-to-minute variability in the UFR as a new physiological variable and to show its relationship to blood volume depletion. METHODS: Seven adult pigs were used in this study. The UFR, minute-to-minute UFR, mean arterial blood pressure, heart rate, and base excess were measured at euvolemia and during gradual hemorrhaging (10%, 20%, and 30% of estimated blood volume). Variance and wavelet spectral analysis were used to measure the disappearance of the minute-to-minute UFR variability. RESULTS: The UFR decreased from 2.2  0.2 to 1.0  0.1 mL/min after a 10% estimated blood volume loss (1 SE, n = 7, P = 0.0348). The variance in the minute-to-minute UFR decreased from 1.4  0.3 to 0.4  0.1 mL/min (1 SE, n = 7, P = 0.046). CONCLUSIONS: The UFR and its minute-to-minute variability decrease during hemorrhaging. The variability in the UFR may be useful as an aid for the diagnosis of hypovolemia. 
To investigate the distribution and source pathways of environmentally critical trace metals in coastal Antarctica, trace elemental concentrations were analyzed in 36 surface snow samples along a coast to inland transect in the Ingrid Christensen Coast of East Antarctica. The samples were collected and analyzed using the clean protocols and an inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometer. Within the coastal ice-free and ice-covered region, marine elements (Na, Ca, Mg, K, Li, and Sr) revealed enhanced concentrations as compared with inland sites. Along with the sea-salt elements, the coastal ice-free sites were also characterized by enhanced concentrations of Al, Fe, Mn, V, Cr, and Zn. The crustal enrichment factors (Efc) confirm a dominant crustal source for Fe and Al and a significant source for Cr, V, Co, and Ba, which clearly reflects the influence of petrological characteristics of the Larsemann Hills on the trace elemental composition of surface snow. The Efc of elements revealed that Zn, Cu, Mo, Cd, As, Se, Sb, and Pb are highly enriched compared with the known natural sources, suggesting an anthropogenic origin for these elements. Evaluation of the contributions to surface snow from the different sources suggests that while contribution from natural sources is relatively significant, local contamination from the increasing research station and logistic activities within the proximity of study area cannot be ignored.
BACKGROUND: It has been postulated that the Gosling pulsatility index (PI) assessed with transcranial Doppler (TCD) has a diagnostic value for noninvasive estimation of intracranial pressure (ICP) and cerebral perfusion pressure (CPP). OBJECTIVE: To revisit this hypothesis with the use of a database of digitally stored signals from a cohort of head-injured patients. METHODS: We analyzed prospectively collected data of patients admitted to the Cambridge Neuroscience critical care unit who had continuous recordings of arterial blood pressure, ICP, and cerebral blood flow velocities (FVs) using TCD. PI was calculated (FVsys-FVdia)/FVmean over each recording session. Statistical analysis was performed using Spearman rank correlation, receiver-operator-characteristics methods, and modeling of a nonlinear PI-ICP/CPP graph. RESULTS: Seven hundred sixty-two recorded daily sessions from 290 patients were analyzed with a total recording time of 499.9 hours. The correlation between PI and ICP was 0.31 (P<.001) and for PI and CPP -0.41 (P<.001). The 95% prediction interval of ICP values for a given PI was more than 15 mm Hg and for CPP more than 25 mm Hg. The diagnostic value of PI to assess ICP area under the curve ranged from 0.62 (ICP>15 mm Hg) to 0.74 (ICP>35 mm Hg). For CPP, the area under the curve ranged from 0.68 (CPP<70 mm Hg) to 0.81 (CPP<50 mm Hg). Probability charts for elevated ICP/lowered CPP depending on PI were created. CONCLUSION: Overall, the value of TCD-PI to assess ICP and CPP noninvasively is very limited. However, extreme values of PI can still potentially be used in support of a decision for invasive ICP monitoring. 
Accurate localization of brain activity using blood oxygenation level-dependent (BOLD) functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) has been challenged because of the large BOLD signal within distal veins. Arterial spin labeling (ASL) techniques offer greater sensitivity to the microvasculature but possess low temporal resolution and limited brain coverage. In this study, we show that the physiological origins of BOLD and ASL depend on whether percent change or statistical significance is being considered. For BOLD and ASL fMRI data collected during a simple unilateral hand movement task, we found that in the area of the contralateral motor cortex the centre of gravity (CoG) of the intersubject coefficient of variation (CV) of BOLD fMRI was near the brain surface for percent change in signal, whereas the CoG of the intersubject CV for Z-score was in close proximity of sites of brain activity for both BOLD and ASL. These findings suggest that intersubject variability of BOLD percent change is vascular in origin, whereas the origin of inter-subject variability of Z-score is neuronal for both BOLD and ASL. For longer duration tasks (12 s or greater), however, there was a significant correlation between BOLD and ASL percent change, which was not evident for short duration tasks (6 s). These findings suggest that analyses directly comparing percent change in BOLD signal between pre-defined regions of interest using short duration stimuli, as for example in event-related designs, may be heavily weighted by large-vessel responses rather than neuronal responses.
BACKGROUND: Corus CAD is a clinically validated test based on age, sex, and expression levels of 23 genes in whole blood that provides a score (1-40 points) proportional to the likelihood of obstructive coronary disease. Clinical laboratory process variability was examined using whole blood controls across a 24 month period: Intra-batch variability was assessed using sample replicates; inter-batch variability examined as a function of laboratory personnel, equipment, and reagent lots. METHODS/RESULTS: To assess intra-batch variability, five batches of 132 whole blood controls were processed; inter-batch variability was estimated using 895 whole blood control samples. ANOVA was used to examine inter-batch variability at 4 process steps: RNA extraction, cDNA synthesis, cDNA addition to assay plates, and qRT-PCR. Operator, machine, and reagent lots were assessed as variables for all stages if possible, for a total of 11 variables. Intra- and inter-batch variations were estimated to be 0.092 and 0.059 Cp units respectively (SD); total laboratory variation was estimated to be 0.11 Cp units (SD). In a regression model including all 11 laboratory variables, assay plate lot and cDNA kit lot contributed the most to variability (p=0.045; 0.009 respectively). Overall, reagent lots for RNA extraction, cDNA synthesis, and qRT-PCR contributed the most to inter-batch variance (52.3%), followed by operators and machines (18.9% and 9.2% respectively), leaving 19.6% of the variance unexplained. CONCLUSION: Intra-batch variability inherent to the PCR process contributed the most to the overall variability in the study while reagent lot showed the largest contribution to inter-batch variability. 
BACKGROUND: Measurement of serum hepcidin levels may provide a useful alternative to the current methods of determining iron status in chronic haemodialysis (HD) patients. However, the biological variability of this pivotal regulator of iron homeostasis is unclear, and the impact of inflammation, dialysis clearance and iron therapy on hepcidin variability has not been established. METHODS: Two independent studies in chronic HD patients were conducted; serum hepcidin levels were measured at the start of dialysis sessions in 20 UK patients and in 43 Dutch patients by mass spectrometry (MS). Samples from UK patients were also analysed by a competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (cELISA). Coefficient of variance (CV(1)) was calculated and potential factors affecting CV(1) were also examined. RESULTS: The median CV(1) (inter-quartile range) was 23% (17-28) for the UK MS, 26% (17-48) for the Dutch MS and 23% (17-39) for the UK cELISA. The CV(1) was similar in those patients receiving and those not receiving regular intravenous iron. The CV(1) was not associated with the degree of inflammation. Hepcidin levels were higher following an inter-dialytic period of 3 versus 2 days (P = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest considerable variability of serum hepcidin levels in HD patients. Inflammation and the use of iron did not impact on the degree of variability, and hepcidin levels were higher after an inter-dialytic period of 3 versus 2 days. These findings need to be taken into account in future studies assessing the utility of serum hepcidin as a guide to the use of iron or erythropoiesis-stimulating agents therapy. 
BACKGROUND: Rubidium-82 ((82)Rb) PET imaging has been proposed for routine myocardial blood flow (MBF) quantification. However, few studies have investigated the test-retest repeatability of this method. The aim of this study was to optimize same-day repeatability of rest MBF imaging with a highly automated analysis program (FlowQuant) using image-derived input functions and dual spillover corrections (SOC). METHODS: Test-retest repeatability of resting left-ventricle (LV) MBF was measured in patients (n = 27) with suspected coronary artery disease (CAD) and healthy volunteers (n = 9). The effects of scan-time, reconstruction, and quantification methods were assessed with correlation and Bland-Altman repeatability coefficients. RESULTS: Factors affecting rest MBF included gender, suspected CAD, and SOC (P < .001). Significant test-retest correlations were found using all analysis methods tested (r > 0.79). The best repeatability coefficient for same-day MBF was 0.20 mL/minute/g using a 6-minute scan-time, iterative reconstruction, SOC, resting rate-pressure-product (RPP) adjustment, and left atrium input function. This protocol was significantly less variable than standard protocols using filtered back-projection reconstruction, longer scan-time, no SOC, or LV input function. CONCLUSION: Absolute MBF can be measured with good repeatability using FlowQuant analysis of (82)Rb PET scans with a 6-minute scan time, iterative reconstruction, dual SOC, RPP-adjustment, and an image-derived input function in the left atrium cavity. 
BACKGROUND: Increasing numbers of unrelated hematopoietic stem cell grafts are transported internationally and evaluated concurrently in different laboratories. The graft quality assessment using the CD34(+) enumeration could be influenced by inter-laboratory variability. METHODS: We retrospectively analyzed the content of CD34(+) cells in 154 consecutive collections being performed in different transplant centers during two periods (2003-2004, 2007-2010). All samples were tested twice in our own and partner laboratories. CD34(+) percentage and absolute number were compared. RESULTS: The percentage and the total CD34(+) content correlated well in both observed periods (CD34(+)%: r=0.899 and r=0.922; CD34(+)10(8)/kg: r=0.966 and r=0.880; p<0.0001). Median CD34(+) percentages obtained in our centre in comparison with other laboratories were 0.54% vs. 0.46% in 2003-2004 and 0.69% vs. 0.70% in 2007-2010 period. The degree of laboratory compliance was affected by the laboratory identity. CD34(+) percentage reported by one laboratory and CD34(+)10(8)/kg reported by three from twelve laboratories lacked statistically significant correlation with our own data. CONCLUSIONS: The study documented that results of CD34(+) cell dose assessment of the same grafts reported by different transplant centers are comparable. The graft quality data and the CD34(+) enumeration possess a limited level of inter-laboratory variability. 
BACKGROUND: The variation of immune cell activities over time is an immanent property of the human immune system, as can be measured by the stimulated secretion of cytokines in cell cultures. However, inter-individual variability is considerably higher. Especially the latter is the major reason why it has not been possible to establish international standard values for cytokines as was possible for other parameters, such as leukocyte sub-population numbers. In this trial, a highly standardized whole-blood culture model (TrueCulture), developed to characterise drug effects on cells of the human immune system in clinical trials, was used to analyse cytokine patterns in the blood samples of 12 healthy subjects over a period of one month. METHODS: After an overnight fast, 12 healthy subjects donated blood three times a week on three consecutive days over a period of 4 weeks. TruCulture blood collection and whole-blood culture systems were used to measure whole-blood leukocyte stimulation. The levels of IL-2, IL-5, IL-13, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, IFN, and MCP-1 in the culture supernatants were quantified by sandwich ELISA. RESULTS: The pattern of cytokine concentrations in the supernatants of the stimulated whole-blood cultures was highly individual, but considerably stable over the whole observation period of 4 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: By using TruCulture it seems feasible to determine subject-specific cytokine reference patterns, for example under healthy conditions, or before starting an experimental treatment, e.g. during a clinical trial, against which changes in the behaviour of the immune system can be detected more accurately in future. 
Cardiac autonomic neuropathy in dogs with diabetic mellitus (DM) was evaluated using measurement of heart rate variability (HRV) and plasma norepinephrine (NE) concentration. Dogs were divided into 2 groups; the control non-DM group (n=13) and the diabetic group (n=22) which was further divided into the well-controlled DM (n = 11) and the poorly-controlled DM subgroups (n=11) according to their fasting plasma fructosamine concentrations. The electrocardiogram (ECG) was recorded continuously for at least 30 min to yield HRV. The results showed that in the poorly-controlled DM subgroup, the average of normal R-R interval (mean N-N), SD of the mean of all 5-min segments of normal RR intervals (SDANN) were lower than the control group while heart rate was higher (P<0.05). The NNA, SDNN, SDNN index and pNN50% were significantly lower when compared with the well-controlled DM subgroup (P<0.05). The high frequency (HF) and total power were significantly lower while the ratio of low to high frequency (LF/HF) was higher (P<0.05) when compared with the well-controlled DM subgroup. Moreover, in the poorly-controlled DM subgroup, plasma NE concentration was lower than the control group (210  37 vs. 479  74 pg/ml, P<0.05). There was a significantly negative correlation between plasma NE and plasma fructosamine concentrations. It is concluded that cardiac autonomic neuropathy occurred in poorly-controlled DM dogs. The sympathetic activity was suppressed as shown by decrease in both plasma NE concentration and LF component.
BACKGROUND: A low-grade process of coagulation activation in association with severe neurological decompression sickness (DCS) in divers has been anecdotally observed. We aimed to investigate whether measurement of plasma D-dimers and other hemostatic parameters in injured scuba divers were effective as prognostic biomarkers of neurological DCS, and we compared the diagnostic accuracy of a combination of D-dimers test and initial clinical assessment with either one alone. METHODS: Eligible for the study were 84 recreational divers (69 men, 46 +/- 10 yr; 15 women, 44 +/- 8 yr) referred for neurological DCS in 2007-2011 and treated with hyperbaric oxygen. Blood tests were collected for D-dimers, fibrinogen, and platelet count with a time interval less than 8 h upon admission. Presentation severity was rated numerically for the acute event with a validated scoring system and clinical outcome was assessed by a follow-up examination at 3 mo. Indices of accuracy for D-dimers test, initial clinical score, and combination were estimated. RESULTS: Incomplete recovery was reported in 26% of patients with a definite relationship between elevated D-dimers and presence of sequelae after multivariate analysis. We did not find differences for other blood coagulation variables between outcome groups. Combination of positive D-dimers (cut-off value of 0.40 microg x ml(-1)) with severe initial presentation attained a higher diagnostic accuracy than either method alone (post-test probabilities = 100%, 86%, and 57%, respectively). CONCLUSION: This study suggests that determination of plasma D-dimers, a marker of activation coagulation, improve the prognostication of neurological DCS affecting scuba divers when combined with presenting severity score. 
AIM: To compare extended-phase imaging using an extracellular space contrast agent, gadobenate dimeglumine, to imaging with a blood-pool contrast agent, gadofosveset, for magnetic resonance angiography. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A lower-limb magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) protocol (dynamic crural, three-station bolus chase, and infra-inguinal high resolution) designed for blood-pool agent imaging was adapted for use with the extracellular agent, gadobenate dimeglumine, primarily by using a triphasic injection protocol. Ten patients scanned with gadofosveset were compared to 10 patients scanned with gadobenate. The dynamic, bolus chase, and high-resolution images were scored for quality on a Likert scale (from 1-5). Signal- and contrast-to-noise ratios were analysed, and Mann-Whitney U statistical analysis performed. RESULTS: There was no significant difference for the dynamic imaging or the aorto-iliac station of the bolus chase. Infra-inguinal bolus chase images were higher quality (p < 0.05 Mann-Whitney U test) with gadobenate. Signal analysis confirmed lower signal and contrast for venous imaging on the high spatial resolution acquisitions with gadobenate; however, this allowed improved arterial conspicuity. CONCLUSION: Extended-phase imaging using an extracellular space contrast agent is feasible and provides image quality to equal imaging with a blood-pool contrast agent. 
There are currently no reliable biomarkers of ageing. A biomarker should indicate biological age, that is, the amount of an animal's total lifespan it has lived and, therefore, the amount of time it has remaining. Some potential biomarkers cannot be validated as their measurement involves harm or death of the animal, such that its ultimate lifespan cannot be determined. A non-destructive biomarker would allow us to test molecular markers potentially involved directly in the ageing process, to monitor the effectiveness of therapeutic interventions to delay ageing, and provide a useful measure of general health of the organism. In the model organism Drosophila, various behavioural phenotypes change directionally with age, but we do not know whether they predict lifespan. Here we measure activity and sleep parameters in 64 wild type male flies from two recently wild-caught populations over the course of their natural lives, and determine whether such measures may predict biological age and ultimate lifespan. Indices of sleep fragmentation and circadian rhythm were the best predictors of lifespan, though population differences were evident. However, when used to predict a biological age of 50% lifespan elapsed our best behavioural measure was slightly less accurate and less precise compared with using chronological age as predictor.
Parameter uncertainty and interindividual variability in the predictions of a generic human physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) model were separated by means of nested Monte Carlo simulations. Separate information on uncertainty and variability can help decision makers to identify whether they should focus on identification of sensitive individuals rather than on additional research to obtain more accurate estimates for particular parameters. In this study, the concentration of acetone in human blood was simulated during and after 4h of exposure to 2-propanol via air. It was shown that the influence of interindividual variability and uncertainty varies over time, from the uptake phase, via a steady-state phase, into the elimination phase. During the uptake phase, interindividual variability played a significant role in the predicted variation of acetone concentrations in blood, with variability up to a factor of 2-3 (90th/10th percentile ratio). After exposure ceased, the parameter uncertainty increased up to a factor of 100 after 16h, whereas variability remained unchanged. Parameter importance analysis indicated that variability in human physiology had the largest influence on predicted acetone concentrations in blood during exposure. Uncertainty in the metabolic rate of acetone was most important after the exposure had ceased and overruled variability.
BACKGROUND: Within-subject biological variation and reference change value (RCV) are difficult to calculate for an analyte with a changing concentration. The aim of this study was to develop a model to examine if it was possible to transform an analyte with a time-dependent change in concentration into a 'steady-state' situation by the use of 'multiples of the median' (MoM) and its natural logarithm (lnMoM). In addition, we wanted to extend the RCV concept, using likelihood and odds ratios, to calculate the post-test probabilities for disease. D-dimer in pregnancy is used as an example. METHODS: Blood samples from 18 healthy pregnant and 18 healthy non-pregnant women were collected every fourth week. MoM of the D-dimer concentrations was calculated for each four-week interval to obtain a 'steady-state' situation for the D-dimer concentrations. The 'normalized' values were then transformed to the lnMoM to obtain a Gaussian distribution, used for the estimation of biological variation. RESULTS: Median D-dimer concentrations increased six-fold during pregnancy. Within-subject variation (SD) of lnMoM D-dimer was 0.27 during pregnancy and 0.23 in non-pregnant women, with RCVs of 0.72 and 0.90, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: By using the lnMoM model, an increasing concentration of an analyte can be transformed to a steady-state situation and the within-subject biological variation and its derived parameters can be calculated. 
Prospective epidemiologic studies generally rely on 1 baseline biologic sample from participants for measurement of prediagnostic biomarkers, assuming that 1 measurement adequately represents the participant's "typical" level. The body of work assessing the reproducibility of circulating serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) levels over time focuses almost exclusively on populations of European descent, and data for vitamin D-binding protein (VDBP) are virtually nonexistent. Thus, the authors measured levels of serum 25(OH)D and VDBP twice in samples collected between 2005 and 2008 from 225 participants (155 black, 70 white) in the Southern Community Cohort Study. Reproducibility for 25(OH)D was uniformly high, with adjusted intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) of 0.84 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.79, 0.88) for blacks and 0.92 (95% CI: 0.87, 0.95) for whites, and there was substantial agreement for assignment of 25(OH)D quartile ( = 0.83, 95% CI: 0.78, 0.87) and vitamin D adequacy status ( = 0.76, 95% CI: 0.69, 0.83). VDBP levels were highly stable over time, with adjusted ICCs of 0.97 (95% CI: 0.96, 0.98) for blacks and 0.96 (95% CI: 0.93, 0.97) for whites. These findings suggest that single, baseline 25(OH)D and VDBP serum measurements provide reasonably representative measures of these compounds for both white and black adults, demonstrating their utility as epidemiologic biomarkers in prospective studies.
Cartilage-hair hypoplasia (CHH) is a rare recessive metaphyseal chondrodysplasia characterized by severe short stature, ectodermal dysplasia, anemia in childhood, immune deficiency, susceptibility to malignancy, and normal intelligence. Short, thick long bones, metaphyseal flaring and irregularities, and globular epiphyses at the knees and ankles are the typical radiographic findings. The diagnosis is primarily made on the basis of clinical features, although mutations in the RMRP gene have recently been described in affected individuals, facilitating confirmation of the clinical diagnosis in atypical patients. We present a patient with two RMRP mutations whose stature and ectodermal features supported the diagnosis of CHH, but whose radiographic findings and other extraskeletal findings did not. We propose that the most consistent and reliable features of CHH are short stature of prenatal onset and ectodermal dysplasia, and suggest that the diagnosis of CHH be considered and mutation analysis pursued even when typical radiographic findings are absent.
PURPOSE: To determine the diagnostic performance of I-metaiodobenzylguanidine (mIBG) SPECT/MRI fusion, I-mIBG SPECT/CT and adrenal MRI for the detection of pheochromocytoma in patients with elevated urine or plasma catecholamines. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Twenty-two consecutive patients underwent both a whole-body I-mIBG scan with SPECT/CT of the adrenal region and MRI of the adrenal glands. Fused SPECT/MRI, SPECT/CT, and MRI scans were evaluated. Imaging results were analyzed both on a per-patient and on a per-lesion basis. Histopathology and/or clinical and radiological follow-up served as the reference standard. RESULTS: Sixteen adrenal tumors were found in thirteen patients. On a per-lesion basis, SPECT/CT had a sensitivity of 87.5%, a specificity of 93.8%, and an overall accuracy of 92.5%. MRI had a sensitivity of 87.5%, a specificity of 96.9%, and an overall accuracy of 95.0%. On a per-patient basis, both SPECT/CT and MRI had a sensitivity of 85.7%, a specificity of 93.3%, and an overall accuracy of 90.9%. SPECT/CT was concordant with MRI in 81.8% of cases. SPECT/MRI fusion was superior to both SPECT/CT and MRI and had a sensitivity of 100% on both a per-lesion and a per-patient basis. CONCLUSIONS: I-mIBG SPECT/MRI has the highest sensitivity and accuracy for the detection and localization of pheochromocytomas. SPECT/CT and MRI of the adrenal glands are equivalent diagnostic procedures. However, MRI offers the advantage of fully diagnostic assessment of adrenal lesions other than pheochromocytoma undetectable by I-mIBG. 
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Hypervolemia is a major cause of morbidity, in part because of the lack of well characterized diagnostic tests. The hypothesis was that relative plasma volume (RPV) slopes are influenced by ultrafiltration rate, directly associate with improvement in arterial oxygen saturation, and are reproducible. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: RPV slopes were measured on three consecutive hemodialysis sessions. Various relationships were tested using mixed models. Reproducibility was assessed by the intraclass correlation coefficient. RESULTS: RPV slopes averaged 1.37  1.45% per hour. The mean RPV slopes were steeper on the first dialysis of the week, which correlated with a higher ultrafiltration rate; RPV slope and ultrafiltration rate were directly related. Increasing ultrafiltration rate quartiles were associated with similar change in RPV in the first 1 hour of dialysis but steeper changes in RPV subsequently. A direct relationship emerged between increasing RPV slopes and increasing arterial oxygen saturation slopes. The intraclass correlation coefficient for the relative plasma volume slope was 0.77. CONCLUSIONS: Although ultrafiltration rate is a major determinant of RPV slope, similar ultrafiltration rates are associated with varying RPV between individuals. Because RPV is associated with little change by ultrafiltration rate during the first 1 hour of dialysis, probing dry weight during the earlier part of dialysis may be safer. RPV slopes are physiologically meaningful, because they are associated with parallel changes in arterial oxygenation saturation slopes. RPV slopes are reproducible, and therefore, RPV may serve as a useful marker to judge changes in volume status within an individual. 
Urinary nicotine equivalents (NE) and plasma cotinine are widely used as a biomarker for exposure to tobacco products, but there is limited information on intra- and inter-individual variability in the literature. Data were gathered from 13 randomized controlled clinical studies sponsored by Philip Morris USA, with study durations between 2 and 8 days for the short term (ST) and 3-12 months for the long term (LT) studies. Coefficients of variation (CV) were compared and a linear mixed model was used to partition the total study variability into inter- and intra-individual variability. In the ST and LT studies respectively, the root-mean-square (RMS) intra-individual CV was 19% and 29% for NE (mg/24 h); 19% and 33% for NE (mg/cig) and 13% and 22% for plasma cotinine. The RSM inter-individual CV was 38% and 38% for NE (mg/24h), 25% and 32% for NE (mg/cig) and 38% and 37% for plasma cotinine, in ST and LT study, respectively. Intra-individual CV was smaller in ST studies than in LT studies, and was significantly less than inter-individual CV in ST studies. Daily cigarette consumption alone could not explain all the variability in NE and plasma cotinine. The variability estimates could be used for clinical study design of clinical and developing regulatory guidance.
BACKGROUND: Identified as a biomarker of altered calcium-phosphorus metabolism in chronic kidney disease, fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF-23) can also be used as a biomarker of risk for cardiovascular disease in the general population. However, it is crucial to first evaluate the reproducibility (reliability) of plasma FGF-23 concentrations. METHODS: We assessed the reliability of plasma FGF-23 concentrations using replicate blood samples taken four months apart of 207 participants from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-Potsdam Study. RESULTS: Plasma FGF-23 concentrations at baseline (geometric mean: 24.7 RU/mL; 95% confidence interval [CI] in RU/mL: 21.8-27.9) were not significantly different from those measured four months later (geometric mean: 23.7 RU/mL; 95% CI in RU/mL: 20.6-27.1; P = 0.42). The intraclass correlation coefficients were 0.69 (95% CI: 0.62-0.76) for all; 0.64 (95% CI: 0.50-0.75) for men and 0.73 (95% CI: 0.64-0.81) for women. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma FGF-23 concentrations showed good reliability over time. Our findings suggest that in epidemiological studies, a single plasma FGF-23 measurement may be sufficient to derive the relative risk in prospective cohort studies. 
BACKGROUND: Air pollution has been associated with an increased risk of cardiopulmonary mortality and decreased heart rate variability (HRV). However, it is unclear whether coke oven emissions (COEs) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are associated with HRV. OBJECTIVES: Our goal in the present study was to investigate the association of exposure to COEs and the urinary metabolite profiles of PAHs with HRV of coke oven workers. METHODS: We measured benzene soluble matter, carbon monoxide, sulfur dioxide, particulate matters, and PAHs at different workplaces of a coke oven plant. We determined 10 urinary PAH metabolites and HRV indices of 1333 workers using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and a 3-channel digital Holter monitor, respectively. RESULTS: Our results showed that there was a significant COEs-related dose-dependent decrease in HRV, and an inverse relationship between the quartiles of urinary 2-hydroxynaphthalene and five HRV indices (p(trend)<0.01 for all). After adjustment for potential confounders, elevation per interquartile range (IQR) (1.81 g/mmol creatinine) of urinary 2-hydroxynaphthalene was associated with a 5.46% (95% CI, 2.50-8.32) decrease in standard deviation of NN intervals (SDNN). As workers worked more years, SDNN gradually declined in the same quartiles of 2-hydroxynaphthalene levels (p(trend)=1.4010(-4)), especially in workers with the highest levels of 2-hydroxynaphthalene. CONCLUSIONS: Occupational exposure to COEs is associated with a dose-response decrease in HRV. In particular, increased exposure to 2-hydroxynaphthalene is associated with significantly decreased HRV. Increase of working years and exposure levels has resulted in a gradual decline of HRV. 
Recent data suggest that the role of CYP3A4 in imatinib metabolism is smaller than presumed. This study aimed to evaluate the quantitative importance of different cytochrome P450 (P450) enzymes in imatinib pharmacokinetics. First, the metabolism of imatinib was investigated using recombinant P450 enzymes and human liver microsomes with P450 isoform-selective inhibitors. Thereafter, an in silico model for imatinib was constructed to perform pharmacokinetic simulations to assess the roles of P450 enzymes in imatinib elimination at clinically used imatinib doses. In vitro, CYP2C8 inhibitors and CYP3A4 inhibitors inhibited the depletion of 0.1 M imatinib by 45 and 80%, respectively, and the formation of the main metabolite of imatinib, N-desmethylimatinib, by >50%. Likewise, recombinant CYP2C8 and CYP3A4 metabolized imatinib extensively, whereas other isoforms had minor effect on imatinib concentrations. In the beginning of imatinib treatment, the fractions of its hepatic clearance mediated by CYP2C8 and CYP3A4 were predicted to approximate 40 and 60%, respectively. During long-term treatment with imatinib 400 mg once or twice daily, up to 65 or 75% of its hepatic elimination was predicted to occur via CYP2C8, and only about 35 or 25% by CYP3A4, due to dose- and time-dependent autoinactivation of CYP3A4 by imatinib. Thus, although CYP2C8 and CYP3A4 are the main enzymes in imatinib metabolism in vitro, in silico predictions indicate that imatinib inhibits its own CYP3A4-mediated metabolism, assigning a key role for CYP2C8. During multiple dosing, pharmacogenetic polymorphisms and drug interactions affecting CYP2C8 activity may cause marked interindividual variation in the exposure and response to imatinib.
Genome-wide association analysis on monozygotic twin-pairs offers a route to discovery of gene environment interactions through testing for variability loci associated with sensitivity to individual environment/lifestyle. We present a genome-wide scan of loci associated with intra-pair differences in serum lipid and apolipoprotein levels. We report data for 1,720 monozygotic female twin-pairs from GenomEUtwin project with 2.5 million SNPs, imputed or genotyped, and measured serum lipid fractions for both twins. We found one locus associated with intra-pair differences in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, rs2483058 in an intron of SRGAP2, where twins carrying the C allele are more sensitive to environmental factors(P=3.98 x 10-8). We followed up the association in further genotyped monozygotic twins (N= 1,261),which showed a moderate association for the variant (P= 0.200, same direction of an effect). In addition,we report a new association on the level of apolipoprotein A-ll (P= 4.03 x 1 o-8).
BACKGROUND: The Hamilton-Norwood classification (HNC) is used to assess the severity of pattern hair loss (PHL). Conflicting associations between PHL and cardiovascular disease (CVD) have been reported from studies that used different methods to assess alopecia severity. No classification including the HNC has been validated for population studies. We aimed to simplify the HNC, produce the adapted HNC and test its reliability for use in population studies. METHODS: Identifying vertex alopecia as distinct allowed for a simpler alignment of alopecia figures where scores 4V and 5V in the adapted HNC replace IV and V in the original HNC. The two classifications were to be used by twelve of our staff (secretaries, nurses, dermatology trainees and dermatologists) to evaluate 16 men with PHL. Observer agreement was estimated using intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) and a percentage method duplicated from the recent basic and specific (BASP) classification. RESULTS: The ICC improved with the adapted HNC when assessed by both the nurses/secretaries (from 0.47 to 0.61) and dermatology residents/consultants (from 0.68 to 0.76). Agreement using the BASP percentage method for dermatologists was 62-69% for the original and 93-100% for the adapted HNC. CONCLUSIONS: The adapted HNC increased reliability at various staff levels, making it suitable for epidemiological studies; its use in future studies could help elucidate the association between PHL and CVD. 
BACKGROUND: An approach to the determination of day-to-day analytical robustness of LC-MS-based methods for global metabolic profiling using a pooled QC sample is presented for the evaluation of metabonomic/metabolomic data. A set of 60 urine samples were repeatedly analyzed on five different days and the day-to-day reproducibility of the data obtained was determined. Multivariate statistical analysis was performed with the aim of evaluating variability and selected peaks were assessed and validated in terms of retention time stability, mass accuracy and intensity. RESULTS: The methodology enables the repeatability/reproducibility of extended analytical runs in large-scale studies to be determined, allowing the elimination of analytical (as opposed to biological) variability, in order to discover true patterns and correlations within the data. CONCLUSION: The day-to-day variability of the data revealed by this process suggested that, for this particular system, 3 days continuous operation was possible without the need for maintenance and cleaning. Variation was generally based on signal intensity changes over the 7-day period of the study, and was mainly a result of source contamination. 
BACKGROUND: Dialkyl phosphate (DAP) metabolites in spot urine samples are frequently used to characterize children's exposures to organophosphorous (OP) pesticides. However, variable exposure and short biological half-lives of OP pesticides could result in highly variable measurements, leading to exposure misclassification. OBJECTIVE: We examined within- and between-child variability in DAP metabolites in urine samples collected during 1 week. METHODS: We collected spot urine samples over 7 consecutive days from 25 children (3-6 years of age). On two of the days, we collected 24-hr voids. We assessed the reproducibility of urinary DAP metabolite concentrations and evaluated the sensitivity and specificity of spot urine samples as predictors of high (top 20%) or elevated (top 40%) weekly average DAP metabolite concentrations. RESULTS: Within-child variance exceeded between-child variance by a factor of two to eight, depending on metabolite grouping. Although total DAP concentrations in single spot urine samples were moderately to strongly associated with concentrations in same-day 24-hr samples (r  0.6-0.8, p < 0.01), concentrations in spot samples collected > 1 day apart and in 24-hr samples collected 3 days apart were weakly correlated (r  -0.21 to 0.38). Single spot samples predicted high (top 20%) and elevated (top 40%) full-week average total DAP excretion with only moderate sensitivity ( 0.52 and  0.67, respectively) but relatively high specificity ( 0.88 and  0.78, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The high variability we observed in children's DAP metabolite concentrations suggests that single-day urine samples provide only a brief snapshot of exposure. Sensitivity analyses suggest that classification of cumulative OP exposure based on spot samples is prone to type 2 classification errors. 
The present study was designed to evaluate the association of serum calcium (Ca) and magnesium (Mg) levels with heart rate variability (HRV). One hundred and sixteen adult women were recruited in this cross-sectional study. Serum Ca and Mg levels were measured, and HRV in each time and frequency domain was recorded for 5min. Mean heart rate and standard deviation of the normal to normal interval (SDNN) and root mean square of differences of successive RR interval (RMSSD) in time domain and total power (TP), low-frequency power (LF), high-frequency power (HF), and LF/HF ratio in frequency domain were compared according to the tertiles of serum Ca and Mg levels and Ca/Mg ratio. The associations between serum Ca and Mg levels and Ca/Mg ratio with HRV were evaluated using regression analyses. Mean heart rate tended to increase from the lowest to the highest tertile of Ca levels (p=0.081), whereas it decreased significantly with higher Mg levels (p=0.026). Increasing SDNN value was observed from the lowest to the highest tertile of Mg levels (p=0.009). SDNN value decreased significantly from the lowest to the highest tertile of Ca/Mg ratio (p=0.030). Participants in the lowest tertile of Ca/Mg ratio had significantly higher TP and LF values compared to those in the middle and highest tertiles (p<0.05). Decreasing SDNN, TP, and LF values were significantly associated with higher Ca/Mg ratios (p<0.05). Associations of serum Mg level and Ca/Mg ratio with HRV could be one of the mechanisms involved in cardiovascular diseases.
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) is a chronic inflammatory disease, primarily affecting the airways. Stable biomarkers characterizing the inflammatory phenotype of the disease, relevant for disease activity and suited to predict disease progression are needed to monitor the efficacy and safety of drug interventions. We therefore analyzed a large panel of markers in bronchoalveolar lavage, bronchial biopsies, serum and induced sputum of 23 healthy smokers and 24 smoking COPD patients (GOLD II) matched for age and gender. Sample collection was performed twice within a period of 6 weeks. Assays for over 100 different markers were validated for the respective matrices prior to analysis. In our study, we found 51 markers with a sufficient repeatability (intraclass correlation coefficient >0.6), most of these in serum. Differences between groups were observed for markers from all compartments, which extends (von-Willebrand-factor) and confirms (e.g. C-reactive-protein, interleukin-6) previous findings. No correlations between lung and serum markers were observed, including A1AT. Airway inflammation defined by sputum neutrophils showed only a moderate repeatability. This could be improved, when a combination of neutrophils and four sputum fluid phase markers was used to define the inflammatory phenotype.In summary, our study provides comprehensive information on the repeatability and interrelationship of pulmonary and systemic COPD-related markers. These results are relevant for ongoing large clinical trials and future COPD research. While serum markers can discriminate between smokers with and without COPD, they do not seem to sufficiently reflect the disease-associated inflammatory processes within the airways.
High glycemic variability, rather than a mean glucose level, is an important factor associated with sepsis and hospital mortality in critically ill patients. In this retrospective study we analyze the blood glucose data of 172 nondiabetic patients 18-60 yrs old with second and third-degree burns of total body surface area greater than 30% and 5%, respectively, admitted to ICU in 2004-2008. The analysis identified significant association of increasing daily glucose excursion (DELTA) accompanied by evident episodes of hyperglycemia (>11 mmol/l) and hypoglycemia (<2.8 mmol/l), with sepsis and forthcoming death, even when the mean daily glucose was within a range of acceptable glycemia. No association was found in sepsis complication and hospital mortality with doses of intravenous insulin and glucose infusion. A strong increase in DELTA before sepsis and death is treated as fluctuation amplification near the onset of dynamical instability.
AIM: We investigated the relationships between the autonomic nervous system, as assessed by heart rate variability (HRV) and levels of N-terminal Pro-B-type Natriuretic Peptide (Nt-proBNP) in patients with acute myocardial infarction (MI). METHODS AND RESULTS: The mean of standard deviation of RR intervals (SDNN), the percentage of RR intervals with >50 ms variation (pNN50), square root of mean squared differences of successive RR intervals (rMSSD), and frequency domain parameters (total power (TP), high frequency and low frequency power ratio (LF/HF)) were assessed by 24 h Holter ECG monitoring. 1018 consecutive patients admitted <24 h for an acute MI were included. Plasma Nt-proBNP (Elecsys, Roche) was measured from blood samples taken on admission. The median (IQR) Nt-proBNP level was 681(159-2432) pmol/L. Patients with the highest quartile of Nt-proBNP were older, with higher rate of risk factors and lower ejection fraction. The highest Nt-proBNP quartile group had the lowest SDNN, LF/HF and total power but similar pNN50 and rMSSD levels. Nt-proBNP levels correlated negatively with SDNN (r=-0.19, p<0.001), LF/HF (r=-0.37, p<0.001), and LF (r=-0.29, p<0.001) but not HF (r=-0.043, p=0.172). Multiple regression analysis showed that plasma propeptide levels remained predictive of LF/HF (B(SE)=-0.065(0.015), p<0.001)), even after adjustment for confounders. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, our population-based study highlights the importance of Nt-proBNP levels to predict decreased HRV after acute MI. 
BASF has developed a rat plasma metabolomics database (MetaMapTox) containing the metabolome of more than 500 chemicals, agrochemicals and drugs, for which the toxicity is well known, derived from 28-day repeated dose toxicity studies in rats. The quality/reproducibility of data was assessed by comparing the metabolome of 16 reference compounds tested at least twice under identical experimental conditions at three time points (day 7, day 14 and day 28). Statistical correlation analysis showed that the repeated treatment induced very similar changes to the metabolome. For all repetitions the modes of action of the compounds were always correctly identified. Moreover, when compared against the metabolome of all compounds available in the MetaMapTox database, the repetitions showed in most cases the highest degree of overall similarity with the metabolome of the original study. In addition, we also evaluated the robustness of our metabolomics technique, displayed by constancy of variability in control groups over time. Based on these results, it can be concluded, that metabolomics can reproducibly be applied during toxicological in vivo testing in rats under the conditions applied here.
Cyclosporine (CSA) is an immunosuppressant used for the prevention of graft rejection and graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) during hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. Therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) is recommended to ensure efficacy and prevent toxicity. Several immunoassay assay are commercially available for measuring CSA drug concentrations. Differences in the cross-reactive metabolites measured by specific immunoassay tests contribute to the significant lack of specificity which has been reported between immunoassays and high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) test results. Inter-assay test results can affect interpretation of CSA drug concentrations and potentially compromise patient outcomes. The current study analyzed 72 paired HPLC-monoclonal TDX (TDXm) CSA drug concentrations and calculated a clinically reliable correction factor which could be applied to HPLC-TDXm results for TDM. A unique concordance-discordance simulation model was utilized to validate the correction factor for clinical use.
Pattern hair loss (PHL) is the most common form of baldness in both sexes. The Norwood-Hamilton classification is the most commonly used classification worldwide, but it has many limitations. The basic and specific (BASP) classification was introduced as an improvement over the Norwood-Hamilton classification. Previous research was done to estimate the reliability of the Norwood-Hamilton classification and the result was unsatisfactory. However, the reliability of the BASP and Norwood-Hamilton classifications has not yet been compared. Eight dermatological specialists, 17 dermatological residents and 15 general physicians classified PHL in 100 sets of photographs using both the BASP and Norwood-Hamilton classifications. Intergroup reproducibility was evaluated by examining the match rate of the individual data in each group and the match rate between hair specialist and the other examiners. Intragroup repeatability was determined by calculating the match rate between the first and second studies. In terms of intergroup reproducibility of the match rate for individual data in each group, the basic type had the best agreement, the specific type had the second best, and the Norwood-Hamilton classification had the lowest match rate. In comparison, hair specialist and intragroup repeatability showed the same patterns. The BASP classification not only distinguishes all kinds of hair loss patterns, but also has better reproducibility and repeatability than the Norwood-Hamilton classification.
AIM: The large inter-individual variability in clopidogrel response is attributed to pharmacokinetics. Although, it has been used since the late 1990s the pharmacokinetic fate of clopidogrel and its metabolites are poorly explained. The variable response to clopidogrel is believed to be multi-factorial, caused both by genetic and non-genetic factors. In this study, we examined whether the inactive metabolite can alter the plasma protein binding of the active metabolite, thus explaining the large inter-individual variability associated with clopidogrel response. METHODS: Female subjects (n = 28) with stable coronary disease who were not taking clopidogrel were recruited. Serial blood samples were collected following 300mg oral dose of clopidogrel, plasma was isolated and quantified for total and free concentrations of active and inactive metabolites. Inhibition of platelet aggregation was measured using the phosphorylated vasodilator stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) assay. RESULTS: A significant correlation was observed between VASP and both free (r = 0.49, P < 0.05) and total (r = 0.49, P < 0.05) concentrations of the active metabolite. Surprisingly, we observed a significant correlation with both free (r = 0.42, P < 0.05) and total (r = 0.67, P < 0.001) concentrations of the inactive metabolite as well. Free fractions of the active metabolite rose with increasing protein binding of the inactive metabolite (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The above in vivo data suggest that the inactive metabolite displaces the active metabolite from binding sites. Thus, the inactive metabolite might increase the free concentration of the active metabolite leading to enhanced inhibition of platelet aggregation. The plasma protein binding mechanism would offer an additional therapeutic strategy to optimize clopidogrel pharmacotherapy. 
PURPOSE: Hypothermia during in vitro irradiation of human peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBL) affects the level of chromosome aberrations. The molecular mechanisms of this phenomenon are not fully understood. The aim of our study was to examine the effect of hypothermia on the dose-response relationship for dicentric chromosomes and the level of -H2AX (phosphorylated histone H2AX) foci. In addition, the inter- and intra-individual variability was assessed in relation to temperature. MATERIALS AND METHODS: PBL were kept at 0.8, 20 and 37C and then exposed to gamma-rays (from 0-3 Gy). Dicentric chromosomes were scored in first post-treatment mitoses. -H2AX foci were scored 15, 30, 60, 120 min and 24 h post irradiation. RESULTS: Our results revealed that the frequency of dicentric chromosomes in cells exposed at 37C to gamma-rays was higher than after exposure at 0.8 and 20C. No effect of temperature was observed on the number of -H2AX foci as well as on the intra- and inter-individual variations of the dicentric yield and the number of -H2AX foci. CONCLUSIONS: Temperature at exposure to ionizing radiation has a pronounced effect on the level of cytogenetic damage but not -H2AX foci. 
AIMS: Carbohydrate counting is an established approach used by patients with type 1 diabetes to improve their glycemic control. The aims of this study were to evaluate, in real life conditions, the accuracy of meal carbohydrate estimate and its impact on glycemic variability. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, we observed the ability of 50 adults (48% women) with type 1 diabetes (age: 42.711.1 years); diabetes duration: 21.412.7 years; HbA1c: 7.21.2% (6010 mmol/mol) to accurately estimate carbohydrates by analyzing 72-h food records and their corresponding 72-h blood glucose excursions using a continuous glucose monitor. RESULTS: The mean meal carbohydrate difference, between the patients' estimates and those assessed by a dietitian using a computerized analysis program, was 15.47.8 g or 20.99.7% of the total CHO content per meal (72.434.7 g per meal). Sixty-three percent of the 448 meals analyzed were underestimated. Greater differences in CHO's estimates predicted higher glycemic variability, as measured by the MAGE index and glucose standard deviation, and decreased time with glucose values between 4 and 10 mmol/L (R=0.110, 0.114 and 0.110, respectively; P<0.05). CONCLUSION: Inaccurate carbohydrate counting is frequent and associated with higher daily blood glucose variability in adults with type 1 diabetes. 
DNA methylation regulates gene expression in a cell-type specific way. Although peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) comprise a heterogeneous cell population, most studies of DNA methylation in blood are performed on total mononuclear cells. In this study, we investigated high resolution methylation profiles of 58 CpG sites dispersed over eight immune response genes in multiple purified blood cells from healthy adults and newborns. Adjacent CpG sites showed methylation levels that were increasingly correlated in adult blood vs. cord blood. Thus, while interindividual variability increases from newborn to adult blood, the underlying methylation changes may not be merely stochastic, but seem to be orchestrated as clusters of adjacent CpG sites. Multiple linear regression analysis showed that interindividual methylation variability was influenced by distance of average methylation levels to the closest border (0 or 100%), presence of transcription factor binding sites, CpG conservation across species and age. Furthermore, CD4+ and CD14+ cell types were negative predictors of methylation variability. Concerns that PBMC methylation differences may be confounded by variations in blood cell composition were justified for CpG sites with large methylation differences across cell types, such as in the IFN- gene promoter. Taken together, our data suggest that unsorted mononuclear cells are reasonable surrogates of CD8+ and, to a lesser extent, CD4+ T cell methylation in adult peripheral, but not in neonatal, cord blood.
PURPOSE: To investigate the association between heart rate variability (HRV) and the plasma level of endothelin-1 (ET-1) in normal-tension glaucoma (NTG). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Twenty-four patients with NTG were enrolled. Subjects with systemic diseases were excluded. All patients underwent a complete ophthalmic examination and were referred to the rheumatology department, where HRV assessment was performed. Patients were divided into two groups according to the standard deviation of normal-normal intervals (SDNN). The low heart rate variability (LHV) group consisted of patients with SDNN values in the bottom half of range of values, and the high heart rate variability (HHV) group consisted of those with SDNN values in the upper half of the range. Blood samples were assayed for ET-1 concentrations, which were compared between the LHV and HHV groups. The relationships between the ET-1 level and HRV parameters were analyzed. RESULTS: The LHV group showed significantly lower ET-1 levels compared with the HHV group (0.571.09 versus 2.213.56pg/ml, respectively; p=0.04). Among the HRV parameters, the SDNN and total power were significantly associated with the systemic level of ET-1 (=0.729, p<0.001; =0.713, p<0.001, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: After excluding patients with systemic diseases, the plasma ET-1 level was associated with HRV parameters in patients with NTG. These observations suggest that the relationship between autonomic dysfunction and autoregulation may play a role in the pathogenesis of NTG. 
BACKGROUND: Changes in skin conductance (SC), clinical stress score (CSS), the bispectral index spectroscopy (BIS) index and the variation in the BIS index may be used to monitor responses to nociceptive stimuli. We wanted to examine these methods during noxious stimulation during general anaesthesia and if the responses were associated with variability in genes related to pain. METHODS: Sixty patients, given propofol to a BIS level of 40-50, were stimulated with standardised tetanic electrical stimuli during propofol infusion, plasma level of 3g/ml alone, or together with remifentanil target plasma level of 3ng/ml or 10ng/ml. The CSS, SC, BIS index and the variability of the BIS index were registered. The inter-individual variation in nociceptive responses was analysed for co-variation with genotypes of 89 single nucleotide polymorphisms from 23 candidate genes. RESULTS: During tetanic stimuli, CSS and SC increased significantly and were attenuated with increasing level of remifentanil, different from the BIS index and the variation in the BIS index. Polymorphisms in the P-glycoprotein (ABCB1), tachykinin 1 receptor (TACR1), dopamine receptor D3 (DRD3) and beta arrestin 2 (ARRB2) genes were associated with the co-variation in SC variables or CSS response or both during standardised nociceptive stimuli (P<0.05). Because of no corrections for multiple testing, the genetic analyses are explorative, and associations must be tested in further studies. CONCLUSION: This exploratory study suggests genes that may be tested further with relation to nociceptive response during anaesthesia. SC and CSS may be useful tools for monitoring nociceptive response during general anaesthesia. 
The effect of deep breathing controlled in both rate (0.25, 0.16, 0.1, 0.07, 0.05 and 0.03 Hz) and amplitude on the heart rate variability (HRV) and respiration-dependent oscillations of forearm/finger skin blood flow (SBF) has been studied in 29 young healthy volunteers. The influence of sympathovagal balance on the respiratory sinus arrhythmia (RSA) amplitude and respiratory SBF oscillations has been studied. The subjects with predominant parasympathetic tonus had statistically significant higher RSA amplitudes in the breathing rate region of 0.03-0.07 Hz than the subjects with predominant sympathetic tonus. In the finger-cushion zone, having a well-developed sympathetic vascular innervations, the amplitudes of respiratory SBF oscillations at breathing rates 0.05 and 0.07 Hz were higher in the group of subjects with predominant parasympathetic tonus. In the forearm skin, where the density of sympathetic innervations is low comparatively to that in the finger skin, no statistically significant differences in the amplitude of respiratory SBF oscillations were found concerning the two groups of subjects.
AIM: Blood lactate concentration (BLC) has been the basis of rational performance diagnostics for almost five decades. Aim of this study was to identify the variability of the BLC during repeated constant power tests (VC-BLC) and to quantify the corresponding variability of changes in the BLC over time (VC-BLC-Difference). METHODS: Twelve healthy male subjects (24.83-8 years, 182.97.5 cm, 75.77.1 kg, VO2peak: 4.10.6 l min-1) performed four series of three constant power tests at exercise intensities of 45% (A), 60% (B), 75% (C) and 90% (D) of VO2peak. Blood sampling was conducted before, at the end of every 5th min and at the end of each test terminated ahead of schedule. RESULTS: BLC was different at all exercise intensities from minute five onwards. Power output was equivalent to 142.118.9 W (A), 196.325.2 W (B), 247.930.3 W (C) and 302.538.4 W (D). VC-BLC varied between 92.2% and 2110.1%. VC-BLC and VC-BLC-Difference between 10th and 30th min correlated inversely with mean BLC level and BLC-Difference respectively. CONCLUSION: By providing first data on constant power test VC-BLC and VC-BLC-Difference this study might help to improve performance diagnostics and training control in sports medicine and medical exercise therapy by assisting in selecting and monitoring exercise intensity. Performance monitoring with BLC-Differences is feasible at moderate and high exercise intensities; single BLC measurements at termination of tests might not be sufficient. 
AIMS: Urinary 8-oxo-7,8-dihydro-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-oxodG) is a widely used biomarker of oxidative stress. However, variability between chromatographic and ELISA methods hampers interpretation of data, and this variability may increase should urine composition differ between individuals, leading to assay interference. Furthermore, optimal urine sampling conditions are not well defined. We performed inter-laboratory comparisons of 8-oxodG measurement between mass spectrometric-, electrochemical- and ELISA-based methods, using common within-technique calibrants to analyze 8-oxodG-spiked phosphate-buffered saline and urine samples. We also investigated human subject- and sample collection-related variables, as potential sources of variability. RESULTS: Chromatographic assays showed high agreement across urines from different subjects, whereas ELISAs showed far more inter-laboratory variation and generally overestimated levels, compared to the chromatographic assays. Excretion rates in timed 'spot' samples showed strong correlations with 24 h excretion (the 'gold' standard) of urinary 8-oxodG (rp 0.67-0.90), although the associations were weaker for 8-oxodG adjusted for creatinine or specific gravity (SG). The within-individual excretion of 8-oxodG varied only moderately between days (CV 17% for 24 h excretion and 20% for first void, creatinine-corrected samples). INNOVATION: This is the first comprehensive study of both human and methodological factors influencing 8-oxodG measurement, providing key information for future studies with this important biomarker. CONCLUSION: ELISA variability is greater than chromatographic assay variability, and cannot determine absolute levels of 8-oxodG. Use of standardized calibrants greatly improves intra-technique agreement and, for the chromatographic assays, importantly allows integration of results for pooled analyses. If 24 h samples are not feasible, creatinine- or SG-adjusted first morning samples are recommended. 
We report the case of a patient highly susceptible to invasive aspergillosis who received treatment with voriconazole (VRC). As part of therapeutic drug monitoring, VRC plasma trough concentrations were measured, showing undetectable levels (<0.16 g/ml). Genotyping showed a heterozygous profile CYP2C19*1/*17, known to be associated with an ultrarapid-metabolism phenotype, contributing to the very low systemic exposure observed. Therefore, in this situation, the use of VRC treatment could be associated with therapeutic failure.
Urinary phthalate excretion is used as marker of phthalate exposure in epidemiological studies. Here we examine the reliability of urinary phthalate levels in exposure classification by comparing the inter- and intrasubject variation of urinary phthalate metabolite levels. Thirty-three young healthy men each collected two spot, three first-morning, and three 24-h urine samples during a 3-month period. Samples were analyzed for the content of 12 urinary metabolites of 7 different phthalates. Variability was assessed as intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC). For the metabolites of diethyl-, dibutyl-, and butylbenzyl-phthalates moderate ICCs were observed in all three sample types, albeit highest in 24-h urine (0.51-0.59). For the metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and di-iso-nonyl phthlates lower ICCs (0.06-0.29) were found. These low ICCs indicate a high risk of misclassification of exposures for these two phthalates in population studies and hence an attenuation of the power to detect possible exposure-outcome associations. The only slightly higher ICCs for 24-h pools compared to first-morning and spot urine samples does not seem to justify the extra effort needed to collect 24-h pools.
PURPOSE: To validate the Persian version of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Urinary Incontinence Short Form (ICIQ-UI SF) as a standard questionnaire for assessment of urinary incontinence (UI). MATERIALS AND METHODS: After translation and back translation of the questionnaire, the harmonized translation was pre-tested in a pilot study on 28 patients. The final Persian version of the ICIQ-UI SF was administered to 123 consecutive patients aged  16 years complaining of UI. The psychometric aspects of the questionnaire, such as reliability and construct validity, were assessed and compared with full urodynamics study's findings as the gold standard diagnostic test. RESULTS: Mean age of the participants was 46.30  13.14 years (range, 16 to 72 years). Based on ICIQ-UI SF, the prevalence of mixed urinary incontinence, stress urinary incontinence and urgency urinary incontinence was 35%, 34.1%, and 30.9%, respectively. Cronbach's alpha coefficient was calculated 0.75, which indicates the high reliability of this questionnaire in determination of UI. The obtained Weighted Kappa Index in determining the value of the test-retest was 0.70, and Pearson Correlation Coefficient was calculated 0.93 and intra-class correlation coefficient was 0.84. CONCLUSION: Persian version of ICIQ-UI SF is a simple, valid, and reliable method for evaluation of patients with UI. Significant correlation exists between ICIQ-UI SF score and urodynamics parameters. 
OBJECTIVE: Soluble fractalkine (sFRACT) is involved in the pathogenesis of several clinical diseases. Our major objective was to determine to what extent its variation is governed by genetic factors and whether this genetic variation could be attributable to SNPs in five candidate genes: CX3CL1, CX3CR1, ADAM10, ADAM17 and AREG. METHODS: Plasma levels of sFRACT and 38 SNPs, with minor allele frequency >0.1 were examined in a large twin sample drawn from the general UK population. The discovery sample included 3306 middle-aged females: 1172 MZ twins and 2134 DZ twins. A replication sample of 1675 twins was used to validate the major association results obtained in genetic association analysis in the discovery sample. We implemented variance component analysis to estimate contribution of putative genetic, (including above SNPs) and environmental factors to sFRACT variation. RESULTS: sFRACT was found not to vary with either age or BMI. Putative genetic factors (heritability) explained 43.63% of the total variation of plasma sFRACT levels. However, we found no evidence of association between sFRACT and any of the examined SNPs, despite having >85% power to detect an association of just 1% of the variance explained. The results in the discovery and replication samples were in good agreement suggesting these findings are real. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest involvement of genetic factors to inter-individual variation of sFRACT levels in a general human population. However, further studies are required to determine genetic polymorphisms affecting sFRACT variation. 
In a multidimensional feature space, the snoring sounds can extend from a very compact cluster to highly distinct clusters. In this study, we investigated the cause of snoring sound's variation within the snorers. It is known that a change in body position and sleep stage can affect snoring during sleep but it is unclear whether positional, sleep state, and blood oxygen level variations cause the snoring sounds to have different characteristics, and if it does how significant that effect would be. We extracted 12 characteristic features from snoring sound segments of 57 snorers and transformed them into a 4-D feature space using principal component analysis (PCA). Then, they were grouped based on the body position (side, supine, and prone), sleep stage (NREM, REM, and Arousal), and blood oxygen level (Normal and Desaturation). The probability density function of the transformed features was calculated for each class of categorical variables. The distance between the class-densities were calculated to determine which of these parameters affects the snoring sounds significantly. Analysis of Variance (ANOVA) was run for each categorical variable. The results show that the positional change has the highest effect on the snoring sounds; it results in forming distinct clusters of snoring sounds. Also, sleep state and blood oxygen level variation have been found to moderately affect the snoring sounds.
OBJECTIVES: To establish whether foetal blood sampling for pH is a reliable test of foetal acidosis in labour by comparing paired foetal blood samples taken at a single procedure. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a prospective study assessing 293 consecutive attempts at foetal blood sampling in labour over a four month period from February to May 2012. A total of 100 paired samples were suitable for analysis. We compared the consistency of pH results of paired foetal blood samples, evaluated cases where inconsistent results would result in conflicting clinical decisions, and explored factors associated with discordant results. RESULTS: There was a statistically significant difference between the mean pH of the two samples: 7.297 (SD 0.065) versus 7.315 (SD 0.059), p<0.0005. Of the 100 paired samples, 43 had a difference greater than the laboratory acceptable maximum analytical difference of 0.038. There was discordance between the samples in 16 cases with results crossing a decision threshold, and in 11 cases (69%) delivery was by emergency caesarean section. Inconsistent results were not associated with specific clinical factors and occurred more often with senior operators. CONCLUSION: Foetal blood sampling is considered by many as the gold standard in assessing intrapartum foetal wellbeing. We have demonstrated inconsistency of paired foetal blood pH results which suggests that foetal blood sampling should not be considered infallible. 
The study of the genetic regulation of metabolism in human serum samples can contribute to a better understanding of the intermediate biological steps that lead from polymorphism to disease. Here, we conducted a genome-wide association study (GWAS) to discover metabolic quantitative trait loci (mQTLs) utilizing samples from a study of prostate cancer in Swedish men, consisting of 402 individuals (214 cases and 188 controls) in a discovery set and 489 case-only samples in a replication set. A global nontargeted metabolite profiling approach was utilized resulting in the detection of 6,138 molecular features followed by targeted identification of associated metabolites. Seven replicating loci were identified (PYROXD2, FADS1, PON1, CYP4F2, UGT1A8, ACADL, and LIPC) with associated sequence variants contributing significantly to trait variance for one or more metabolites (P = 10(-13) -10(-91)). Regional mQTL enrichment analyses implicated two loci that included FADS1 and a novel locus near PDGFC. Biological pathway analysis implicated ACADM, ACADS, ACAD8, ACAD10, ACAD11, and ACOXL, reflecting significant enrichment of genes with acyl-CoA dehydrogenase activity. mQTL SNPs and mQTL-harboring genes were over-represented across GWASs conducted to date, suggesting that these data may have utility in tracing the molecular basis of some complex disease associations.
Serum free light chain (sFLC) measurement has gained widespread acceptance and is incorporated into various diagnostic and response criteria. Non-linearity and antigen excess are the main causes of 'variability' in the measurement of sFLC using immunoassay, but the impact of these on measurement has been unclear. We performed a retrospective evaluation using a dilutional strategy to detect these phenomena. A total of 464 samples in 2009 and 373 samples in 2010 were analysed for sFLC. Non-linearity was detected in both high and apparently normal sFLC. Major non-linearity of more than twofold is common in high kappa (202%) and lambda (141%). It is less common in samples with apparently normal levels - kappa (64%) and lambda (95%). 94% of kappa and 155% of lambda showed antigen excess at screening dilutions. 344% of the samples had either non-linearity or antigen excess. We conclude that significant measurement variability is common in the measurement of sFLC. There is currently no reliable technique to detect non-linearity phenomena unless a serial dilution strategy is applied to every analysis. We recommend that laboratories routinely reporting sFLC results for clinical services need appropriate strategies for addressing these issues. Clinicians should be aware of these limitations in interpretation of sFLC assay for individual patients. Future guidelines should adopt action thresholds which are grounded firmly in test performance parameters.
In the current study, plasma steroid hormones were used to assess the individual variability of Leucoraja erinacea over the course of 12 months, in hopes of further defining its reproductive cycle. No statistical differences in hormone concentrations were observed between the isolated and non-isolated female skates. Monthly E2 concentrations ranged from 1,430 pg ml(-1) in August to 3,940 pg ml(-1) in March, indicating the presence of mature ovarian follicles and supporting the conclusions from previous studies that L. erinacea is capable of reproducing year-round. Concentrations of E2 were significantly elevated or depressed during some months (February, March, June, July, August, and September) of the year, suggesting that reproductive activity may vary over the annual cycle. Even though monthly P4 concentrations were highly variable, ranging from 82 pg ml(-1) in November to 816 pg ml(-1) in September, no significant reproductive peaks were observed. In addition, a persistently large variation in E2 and P4 concentrations, indicative of reproductive asynchrony within (mean CV 62% and CV 69%, respectively) and between (mean range CV 78 and 125%, respectively) individual skates, was observed throughout the study. Collectively, the continually high E2 concentrations and variability in both hormones observed in the current study are indicative of an oviparous species that reproduces actively throughout the year. However, the weekly sampling frequency revealed that plasma E2 concentrations, not P4, were more useful to assess reproductive status in asynchronous continuously breeding oviparous elasmobranchs.
The level of T-cell receptor excision circles (TREC), which decline with advancing age in normal individuals, has recently gained interest as a reference marker for studies on premature or early immunosenescence under particular health conditions. In order to facilitate translational studies at population and clinical levels, essential for the understanding of how changes in TREC levels are associated with responsiveness of the immune system, we have developed and optimized a real-time polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) assay which quantifies the TREC ratio from dried blood spot (DBS) samples. The present study considers a fully automated procedure to purify DNA and amplify sequences of interests by means of qPCR from DBS samples collected in healthy adults. Both TREC:PBMC (peripheral blood mononuclear cell) and TREC:T-cell ratios were compared for intra- and inter individual reproducibility. Furthermore, the impact of the length of storage on the quality of the DNA generated was also analyzed. In conclusion we describe a fully automated procedure for extracting DNA and qPCR set up, which offers a high-precision, robust qPCR assay for the quantification of both TREC:T-cell ratio and TREC:PBMC from DBS samples.
BACKGROUND: Inhibin B was measured in plasma samples obtained from 34 healthy male subjects selected on criteria typical for a phase I clinical trial across a wide age range (19-70 years). METHODS: Mutiple samples (up to seven per subject) were obtained as a set consisting of one baseline sample then three pairs of morning and evening samples. This allowed assessment of the fed/fasted state and diurnal effects. Samples were analyzed using a commercially available inhibin B ELISA assay. Across all time points, the mean plasma inhibin B was 197 pg/ml  67pg/ml. RESULTS: The results confirmed a diurnal effect where inhibin B concentration is on average about 40 pg/ml greater in the morning and showed a negative influence of age on inhibin B concentrations. There was no overt influence of body mass index on inhibin B. A variance components analysis revealed that more than 80% of the total variability was due to the variability observed between individuals. Within the fed-fasted sampling schedule of this study, inhibin B levels were slightly lower when volunteers had eaten but the magnitude of this effect was within the variance encountered between occasions. CONCLUSION: These results illustrate that when undertaking longitudinal monitoring of inhibin B in clinical trials as means of monitoring testicular function, it is important to obtain samples from an individual at the same time of day and to use statistical methods which analyze the magnitude of deviation of an individual from their personal baseline as well as looking at group means and influence of study duration. 
AIM: The purpose of this methodological study is to evaluate the reliability and validity of a Turkish adaptation of the short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Function Questionnaire (PISQ-12) used in assessing sexuality function in women with POP/UI. METHODS: The PISQ-12 was translated into Turkish; the adaptation of the PISQ-12 to Turkish language was performed via back-translation, the content validity of the questionnaire was conducted by experts in the field, test-retest reliability was examined with 40 women with UI and/or POP. PISQ-12 was administered to 120 women with pelvic floor dysfunction. The reliability and validity of the PISQ-12 were analyzed. Evaluation of the data was performed using Content Validity Index (CVI), Cronbach's alpha, test-retest reliability, item total correlation, and confirmatory factor analysis. RESULTS: CVI of the Turkish PISQ-12 was found 1.00 (% 100). Item-total correlations were between 0.42 and 0.68 (P<0.001). The PISQ-12 had an adequate and high internal consistency (Cronbach's =0.74) as well as a high test-retest reliability (Pearson correlation coefficient, r=0.961; P<0.001). Factor analysis results revealed strong construct validity. CONCLUSION: The Turkish version of the PISQ-12 is a reliable, consistent and valid instrument to assess sexual function in women with urinary incontinence and/or pelvic organ prolapse. It is also a comprehensive and easily applicable instrument which as a treatment outcome or research tool in clinical practices. 
The pharmacokinetics of aprepitant, a neurokinin-1 receptor antagonist, have not been fully evaluated in clinical settings. The aim of this study was to characterize the plasma pharmacokinetics of aprepitant and reveal their influence of laboratory tests and cytochrome P450 (CYP) 3A5 gene polymorphisms in cancer patients. Forty-four Japanese cancer patients receiving cisplatin-based chemotherapy for the first time following oral aprepitant (125 mg on day 1 and 80 mg on days 2 and 3) were enrolled. The patients did not have gastrointestinal disease and the clinical laboratory values were within their normal reference levels. The plasma concentrations of aprepitant 24 (day 2 predose), 72, and 120 h after the first aprepitant administration were determined using LC-MS/MS. The relationships between plasma exposure to aprepitant and body weight, clinical laboratory values, age, gender, or CYP3A5*3 were investigated. The median and interquartile ranges of the 120-h area under the plasma concentration time curve (AUC)(0-120) of aprepitant were 73215 and 55518-91121 ng h/mL. The coefficient of variation value for aprepitant AUC(0-120) was 53%. The AUC(0-120) of aprepitant was correlated with the levels of total bilirubin and serum albumin, respectively (r=0.454, p<0.01 and r=0.287, p=0.06), but not with other non-genetic factors and CYP3A5 genetic variants in a univariate analysis. The AUC(0-120) of aprepitant was significantly correlated with the level of total bilirubin (adjusted R(2)=0.187, p<0.01) in a multivariate analysis. In conclusion, the plasma pharmacokinetics of aprepitant varied markedly in cancer patients receiving cisplatin-based chemotherapy for the first time and were correlated with the level of total bilirubin.
PURPOSE: To evaluate the intra- and inter-rater reliability of the quantification of blood and CSF flow rates by phase contrast MRI. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Blood and CSF flows in the upper cervical region were imaged with velocity-encoded cine-phase contrast using 3T scanners from different manufacturers at two centers. Data of 6 subjects scanned in center A and of 5 subjects in center B were analyzed by six readers at two levels of training. Each data set was analyzed three times in a randomized order for a total of 33 data sets. Intra-class correlation coefficients (ICC) were calculated for the primary measurements of areas and flow rates through the main cervical arteries, veins and the CSF space, and for secondary parameters derived from the individual flow rates. RESULTS: ICC ranged from 0.80 to 0.96 for the lumen area and from 0.97 to 0.99 for the volumetric flow rate. The ICC for the derived secondary measures ranged from 0.85 to 0.99. Differences due to operator level of training were not statistically significant. CONCLUSION: High intra- and inter-rater reliability of volumetric flow rate measurements is currently achievable across manufacturers and users' skill levels with a pulsatility based automated lumen segmentation. 
BACKGROUND: The optimal exercise load/intensity for exercise programs for individuals with metabolic syndrome has not been investigated. One method of determining optimal exercise load is to measure the blood lactate transition threshold (BLTT), referred to as the anaerobic threshold (AT). This study investigated the reproducibility of BLTT testing and the consequent determination of AT via the Mader method and a modified form of the Automatic Data Analysis for Progressive Tests (ADAPT) method in patients with metabolic syndrome. METHODS: Fifteen, male patients diagnosed with metabolic syndrome and 15 healthy, male subjects each performed BLTT measurements on a treadmill at the same daily times on three different days. Peak oxygen consumption was also determined during testing. RESULTS: There was no significant difference in treadmill velocity at AT determined by the Mader method or the modified ADAPT method within both groups (P>0.05). Both methods yielded good coefficients of variation. When combining both groups, the typical error also demonstrated good reproducibility. The mean treadmill velocity at AT was higher in the healthy compared to the metabolic syndrome group using both the Mader and the ADAPT method. Regression analysis and analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) demonstrated that this difference was largely due to a higher oxygen consumption (VO2) peak in the healthy group. The study also found an association between VO2 peak and waist circumference among the metabolic syndrome group. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrated that BLTT tests are reproducible in persons with metabolic syndrome. The modified ADAPT method may be the preferred method of determining treadmill velocity at AT because fewer factors are known to influence its determination. 
PURPOSE: A recent study showed that increased blood glucose variability was an independent predictor of mortality in cardiac arrest survivors treated with therapeutic hypothermia (TH). We hypothesized that the association of blood glucose variability with outcomes would differ depending on the TH phase, as body temperature affects glucose homeostasis. METHODS: A retrospective cohort of 147 consecutive cardiac arrest patients treated with TH was analyzed. Mean absolute glucose change (MAGC) was calculated using blood glucose values during the entire TH period and during each TH phase (induction, from the TH initiation to the achievement of the target temperature; maintenance, 24 hours from the end of induction; and rewarming, from the end of the maintenance to the achievement of 36.5C). The primary and secondary outcomes were mortality and neurological outcome at 30 days. Multivariate regression analyses were performed with variables with a significance level <0.1 on univariate analyses. RESULTS: The hypoglycemia rate increased significantly during the rewarming phase compared with the maintenance phase (P = .003). The MAGC during the TH maintenance phase was an independent predictor of mortality (OR = 1.056, 95% CI 1.008-1.107, P = .023) and unfavorable neurologic outcome (OR = 1.202, 95% CI 1.043-1.384, P = .038), while the MAGC during the rewarming phase and the entire TH period were not. CONCLUSION: The increased MAGC during the TH maintenance phase was associated with mortality and unfavorable neurologic outcome. However, this study cannot prove a causal association due to the retrospective design. In addition, we showed that the hypoglycemia rate increased significantly during the rewarming phase. 
Metabonomics is an important platform for investigating the metabolites of integrated living systems and their dynamic responses to changes caused by both endogenous and exogenous factors. A metabonomics strategy based on liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry in both positive and negative ion modes was applied to investigate the short-term and long-term stability of metabolites in plasma. Principal components analysis and ten types of identified metabolites were used to summarize the time-dependent change rules in metabolites systematically at different temperatures. The long-term stability of metabolites in plasma specimens stored at -80 C for five years was also studied. Analysis of these subjects identified 36 metabolites with statistically significant changes in expression (p < 0.05) and found a kind of metabolite with a hundred-fold change. The stability of metabolites in blood at 4 C for 24 h was also investigated. These studies show that a thorough understanding of the effects of metabolite stability are necessary for improving the reliability of potential biomarkers.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Alkylresorcinols (AR) have been suggested as specific biomarkers of whole-grain (WG) and bran intake from wheat and rye. Before using plasma AR as biomarkers in prospective cohort studies, the long-term reproducibility needs to be determined in order to judge how well a single plasma sample reflects the long-term concentration. The objective was therefore to estimate the reproducibility of plasma AR concentrations over 0.1-3.9 years. SUBJECTS/METHODS: The concentrations of AR homologues were analysed in plasma samples, drawn>8 h since last meal, 0.1-3.9 years apart (mean  2 years) in 74 participants in the Swedish prospective Vsterbotten Intervention Project cohort. Reproducibility was estimated by calculating the intra class correlation coefficient (ICC). RESULTS: Fasting plasma AR concentrations were similar between the first and second measurements. The ICC for total AR was 0.54 (95% confidence interval (CI)=0.38-0.69] overall, 0.34 (95% CI=0.13-0.64) for men and 0.73 (95% CI=0.56-0.85) for women, respectively. Somewhat higher ICCs were obtained for shorter AR homologues. CONCLUSION: In summary, the reproducibility of plasma AR over 0.1-3.9 years was high for women and moderate for men within this population. Together with previous data showing high validity of plasma AR as biomarkers of wheat and rye in different populations, the current finding suggest that this biomarker is stable over a long-time period and is therefore probably useful for assessment of long-term WG intake in populations with a wide intake range and a frequent intake. 
BACKGROUND: Metabolite levels within an individual vary over time. This within-individual variability, coupled with technical variability, reduces the power for epidemiologic studies to detect associations with disease. Here, the authors assess the variability of a large subset of metabolites and evaluate the implications for epidemiologic studies. METHODS: Using liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (LC/MS) and gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy (GC/MS) platforms, 385 metabolites were measured in 60 women at baseline and year-one of the Shanghai Physical Activity Study, and observed patterns were confirmed in the Prostate, Lung, Colorectal, and Ovarian Cancer Screening study. RESULTS: Although the authors found high technical reliability (median intraclass correlation = 0.8), reliability over time within an individual was low. Taken together, variability in the assay and variability within the individual accounted for the majority of variability for 64% of metabolites. Given this, a metabolite would need, on average, a relative risk of 3 (comparing upper and lower quartiles of "usual" levels) or 2 (comparing quartiles of observed levels) to be detected in 38%, 74%, and 97% of studies including 500, 1,000, and 5,000 individuals. Age, gender, and fasting status factors, which are often of less interest in epidemiologic studies, were associated with 30%, 67%, and 34% of metabolites, respectively, but the associations were weak and explained only a small proportion of the total metabolite variability. CONCLUSION: Metabolomics will require large, but feasible, sample sizes to detect the moderate effect sizes typical for epidemiologic studies. IMPACT: We offer guidelines for determining the sample sizes needed to conduct metabolomic studies in epidemiology. 
We tested the data repeatability for popliteal blood flow velocity (PBV), popliteal arterial diameter (AD(pop)), popliteal blood flow (PBF) and lower limb vascular conductance (VC) at rest and exercise in three body positions, two work rates and two inspired oxygen fractions. Fifteen, eleven and ten healthy volunteers participated in the three phases of the studies. Resting protocols were performed in horizontal (HOR), 35 head-down tilt (HDT) and 45 head-up tilt (HUT) for 5 min in each body position. Participants also exercised at lower and higher power outputs (repeated plantar flexion contractions at 20% and 30% maximal voluntary contraction, respectively) in HOR, HDT and HUT and in normoxia (21%O2) and hypoxia (14%O2) with the same work rates and body positions. PBV and AD(pop) were measured by ultrasound to determine PBF, and VC was estimated by dividing PBF by muscle perfusion pressure (MPP). PBV, AD(pop), PBF and VC were not different, demonstrated good agreement and consistency between the two days of testing during both rest and exercise conditions regardless of body position. Therefore, these data support the utilization of Doppler and echo Doppler ultrasound as a reproducible method to measure PBV and AD(pop) and consequently estimate PBF and VC responses in such conditions.
Measurements of cerebral blood flow (CBF) show large variability among healthy subjects. The aim of the present study was to investigate the relative effect of established factors influencing CBF on the variability of resting CBF. We retrospectively analyzed spontaneous variability in 430 CBF measurements acquired in 152 healthy, young subjects using (133)Xe single-photon emission computed tomography. Cerebral blood flow was correlated positively with both end-tidal expiratory PCO (PETCO) and female gender and inversely with hematocrit (Hct). Between- and within-subject CO reactivity was not significantly different. Including PETCO, Hct and gender in the model reduced between-subject and within-subject variance by 14% and 13.5%, respectively. Within-subject variability was mainly influenced by PETCO and between-subject variability mostly by Hct, whereas gender appeared to be of little added value when Hct was also accounted for. The present study confirms large between-subject variability in CBF measurements and that gender, Hct, and PETCO explain only a small part of this variability. This implies that a large fraction of CBF variability may be due to unknown factors such as differences in neuron density or metabolism that could be subject for further studies.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The physiological changes that occur during fasting are not completely understood, regardless of the cause for fasting (for example, medical, lifestyle, religious, political or famine). The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of a 48-h fast on heart rate variability (HRV) and cortisol levels in healthy young female volunteers. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 16 young healthy female volunteers underwent 48 h of total fasting under 24-h medical surveillance. Psychological (subjective feeling of hunger) as well as physiological data (HRV, diurnal cortisol profiles) were measured upon admission (Day 1), and after 24 (Day 2) and 48 h (Day 3) of fasting. RESULTS: There was a measured weight loss from Day 1 to Day 3 that resulted in significant body mass index (BMI) reduction across all subjects (P<0.001). The slope of the diurnal cortisol profile significantly shifted towards lower values from baseline to the end of experiment (P=0.002). HRV during resting showed a significant (P<.001) decrease in standard deviation of the normal-to-normal interval (SDNN) and root mean square of successive differences (RMSSDs) from Day 1 to Day 3 of the experiment, with a small increase after 24 h that did not reach statistical significance. A 48 h of fasting also induced a significant (P<.001) decrease of mean interbeat intervals (IBIs), SDNN, RMSSD and log high-frequency (HF) power during head-up tilt testing. CONCLUSIONS: An acute (48 h) total fast induced parasympathetic withdrawal with simultaneous sympathetic activation. These changes appear to reflect stress. Further studies are needed to demonstrate the specificity of these changes to fasting. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine whether subgroups of type 1 diabetic patients with different glucose variability indices respond differently to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) in terms of reduced hypoglycemic events. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We studied 50 adults with long-standing type 1 diabetes switched to CSII because of persistently high A1C or frequent hypoglycemia despite well-managed intensive basal-bolus therapy. We compared A1C, hypoglycemic events, and glucose variability from self-monitoring of blood glucose profiles at baseline and after 6 months of CSII. Regression analysis was performed to identify predictors of response. RESULTS: In multivariate analysis, baseline low blood glucose index (LBGI) was the best independent predictor of hypoglycemia outcome on CSII (R(2) = 0.195, P = 0.0013). An ROC curve analysis demonstrated a sensitivity of 70.8% (95% CI 48.9-87.4) and specificity of 73.1% (52.2-88.4) by using the LBGI cutoff of 3.34 as predictor of reduction of hypoglycemia on CSII. By grouping patients by LBGI tertiles, we found a 23.3% reduction in hypoglycemic events (<60 mg/dL [3.3 mmol/L]) in the third tertile (range 4.18-9.34) without change in A1C (P < 0.05). Conversely, the first tertile (range 0.62-2.05) demonstrated the greatest A1C reduction, -0.99% (P = 0.00001), but with increasing hypoglycemia. CONCLUSIONS: Baseline LBGI predicts the outcome of type 1 diabetic patients who switch to CSII in terms of hypoglycemia. 
Allan-Herndon-Dudley syndrome (AHDS), an X linked condition, is characterized by severe intellectual disability, dysarthria, athetoid movements, muscle hypoplasia and spastic paraplegia in combination with altered TH levels, in particular, high serum T3 levels. Mutations in the MCT8 gene coding for the monocarboxylate thyroid hormone transporter 8 have been associated with AHDS. Here we describe a family with the presence of a MCT8 gene mutation, p.A224T, in three consecutive generations. In two generations its presence was detected in the hemizygous state in two males with neurological abnormalities including mental retardation, axial hypotonia, hypertonia of arms and legs and athetoid movements. One of them presented normal thyroid hormone levels. Mutation was also detected, although in the heterozygous state, in three females showing thyroid hormone levels in the normal range. Our results show the difficulty of distinguishing AHDS from patients with X-linked intellectual disability solely on the basis of clinical features and biochemical tests, and we advise screening for MCT8 mutations in either young or older patients with severe intellectual disability, axial hypotonia/dystonia, poor head control, spastic paraplegia, and athetoid movements even when they have normal thyroid hormone profiles.
Glycemic and lipidic profiles might be influenced by several factors. The influence of the age group in the most extensively evaluated lipidic and glycemic parameters is more or less well-accepted. To verify this empirical notion, 996 human subjects aged between 21 and 90 years from different localities were characterized according to age. To assess lipid profile, total cholesterol and cholesterol associated with lipoprotein fractions (low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol) and triglycerides were determined. Regarding glycemic profile, glucose, and glycated hemoglobin were measured. The majority of the population had values of lipidic parameters fit into the reference values, presenting low or moderate risk for developing cardiovascular disease. Blood glucose was often far above the desirable, but this can be devalued due to the HbA1c values, which were overwhelmingly located in the normal range. The categorization of data in different age groups did not allow defining statistically significant differences. Despite the discriminant linear model was presented, the results indicate that age group did not act as a strong discriminant factor. Somehow unexpectedly, the most significant differences were found among the different localities, which tended to show a similarity according with their latitude. Furthermore, there were no significant correlations in the parameters associated with lipidic profile, but there was a direct correlation between glucose levels and HbA1c (glycemic parameters).
The non-invasive assessment of blood flow is invaluable for the diagnostic and monitoring treatment of numerous vascular and neurological diseases. We developed a non-invasive and non-contact method of blood pulsation imaging capable of visualizing and monitoring of the two-dimensional distribution of two key parameters of peripheral blood flow: the blood pulsation amplitude and blood pulsation phase. The method is based on the photoplethysmographic imaging in the reflection mode. In contrast with previous imaging systems we use new algorithm for data processing which allows two dimensional mapping of blood pulsations in large object's areas after every cardiac cycle. In our study we carried out the occlusion test of the arm and found (i) the extensive variability of 2D-distribution of blood pulsation amplitude from one cardiac cycle to another, and (ii) existence of the adjacent spots to which the blood is asynchronously supplied. These observations show that the method can be used for studying of the multicomponent regulation of peripheral blood circulation. The proposed technique is technologically simple and cost-effective, which makes it applicable for monitoring the peripheral microcirculation in clinical settings for example, in diagnostics or testing the efficiency of new medicines.
Because the plasma exposure levels of rosuvastatin in Asians are generally twice those in Caucasians, the starting dose for Asians in the United States is set to half of that for non-Asians. However, the precise role of ethnicity in the clearance of rosuvastatin has not yet been clarified. This review focuses on ethnic variability in the clinical pharmacokinetics of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl co-enzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase inhibitors (statins) and angiotensin II receptor antagonists. The mechanisms of such variability are discussed quantitatively, with building a hypothetical model for pravastatin, and validated against other statins. Our analyses suggest that the ethnic variability in the plasma exposure of statins cannot be explained only by the difference in the allele frequencies of organic anion-transporting polypeptide (OATP)1B1 and breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP), and the intrinsic ethnic variability in the activity of OATP1B1 (the ratio of Japanese/Caucasians is 0.584) must be considered. Further work and validation with additional data will clarify the applicability of this model to other OATP1B1 substrates.
AIMS: Analysis of ethyl glucuronide (EtG), a minor metabolite of ethanol, is a valid tool for the assessment of social and chronic excessive alcohol consumption. Standardized analysis of EtG is usually done in head hair. As head hair cannot always be provided, alternative hair matrices become more and more interesting. Therefore, a study was performed that compared the intra-individual EtG concentrations in scalp hair and non-head hair (chest, arm, leg and axillary hair). METHODS: Hair samples were collected from 68 subjects undergoing an expert assessment for fitness to drive. Aqueous extracts of the hair matrix were cleaned by solid-phase extraction, using an Oasis MAX column. EtG was first derivatized with perfluoropentanoic anhydride and then quantified by GC-MS/MS in negative chemical ionization mode, using EtG-d5 as internal standard. RESULTS: For categorizing drinking behaviour, the two EtG cut-off values recommended by the Society of Hair Testing were applied for all different hair types. For chest, arm and leg hair, correct classification ratios were >83%. This corresponds to sensitivity values >78% and specificities >75%. Such values indicate together with  coefficients (r) > 0.7 a high correlation of the categorization of the drinking behaviour based on these body hair EtG concentrations compared with the indexing based on scalp hair EtG-values. However, it must be taken into consideration that the time frame represented by non-head hair may extend way back. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that chest, arm and leg hair can be a valid alternative to assess the drinking behaviour of a subject if head hair is not available; whereas axillary hair is not suitable as alternative matrix. 
UNLABELLED: Routine quantification of myocardial blood flow (MBF) requires robust and reproducible processing of dynamic image series. The goal of this study was to evaluate the reproducibility of 3 highly automated software programs commonly used for absolute MBF and flow reserve (stress/rest MBF) assessment with (82)Rb PET imaging. METHODS: Dynamic rest and stress (82)Rb PET scans were selected in 30 sequential patient studies performed at 3 separate institutions using 3 different 3-dimensional PET/CT scanners. All 90 scans were processed with 3 different MBF quantification programs, using the same 1-tissue-compartment model. Global (left ventricle) and regional (left anterior descending, left circumflex, and right coronary arteries) MBF and flow reserve were compared among programs using correlation and Bland-Altman analyses. RESULTS: All scans were processed successfully by the 3 programs, with minimal operator interactions. Global and regional correlations of MBF and flow reserve all had an R(2) of at least 0.92. There was no significant difference in flow values at rest (P = 0.68), stress (P = 0.14), or reserve (P = 0.35) among the 3 programs. Bland-Altman coefficients of reproducibility (1.96  SD) averaged 0.26 for MBF and 0.29 for flow reserve differences among programs. Average pairwise differences were all less than 10%, indicating good reproducibility for MBF quantification. Global and regional SD from the line of perfect agreement averaged 0.15 and 0.17 mL/min/g, respectively, for MBF, compared with 0.22 and 0.26, respectively, for flow reserve. CONCLUSION: The 1-tissue-compartment model of (82)Rb tracer kinetics is a reproducible method for quantification of MBF and flow reserve with 3-dimensional PET/CT imaging. 
BACKGROUND: A reduction in the use of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) because of human health concerns may result in an increased use of and human exposure to organophosphate flame retardants (OPFRs). Human exposure and health studies of OPFRs are lacking. OBJECTIVES: We sought to define the degree of temporal variability in urinary OPFR metabolites in order to inform epidemiologic study design, and to explore a potential primary source of exposure by examining the relationship between OPFRs in house dust and their metabolites in urine. METHODS: Nine repeated urine samples were collected from 7 men over the course of 3 months and analyzed for bis(1,3-dichloro-2-propyl) phosphate (BDCPP) and diphenyl phosphate (DPP), metabolites of the OPFRs tris(1,3-dichloro-2-propyl) phosphate (TDCPP) and triphenyl phosphate (TPP), respectively. Intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) were calculated to characterize temporal reliability. Paired house dust and urine samples were collected from 45 men. RESULTS: BDCPP was detected in 91% of urine samples, and DPP in 96%. Urinary BDCPP showed moderate-to-strong temporal reliability (ICC range, 0.55-0.72). ICCs for DPP were lower, but moderately reliable (range, 0.35-0.51). There was a weak [Spearman r (r(S)) = 0.31] but significant (p = 0.03) correlation between urinary BDCPP and TDCPP concentrations in house dust that strengthened when nondetects (r(S) = 0.47) were excluded. There was no correlation between uncorrected DPP and TPP measured in house dust (r(S) < 0.1). CONCLUSIONS: Household dust may be an important source of exposure to TDCPP but not TPP. Urinary concentrations of BDCPP and DPP were moderately to highly reliable within individuals over 3 months. 
BACKGROUND: Nowadays, although its clinical value remains controversial institutions utilize hair mineral analysis. Arguments about the reliability of hair mineral analysis persist, and there have been evaluations of commercial laboratories performing hair mineral analysis. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to assess the reliability of intra-laboratory and inter-laboratory data at three commercial laboratories conducting hair mineral analysis, compared to serum mineral analysis. METHODS: Two divided hair samples taken from near the scalp were submitted for analysis at the same time, to all laboratories, from one healthy volunteer. Each laboratory sent a report consisting of quantitative results and their interpretation of health implications. Differences among intra-laboratory and interlaboratory data were analyzed using SPSS version 12.0 (SPSS Inc., USA). RESULTS: All the laboratories used identical methods for quantitative analysis, and they generated consistent numerical results according to Friedman analysis of variance. However, the normal reference ranges of each laboratory varied. As such, each laboratory interpreted the patient's health differently. On intra-laboratory data, Wilcoxon analysis suggested they generated relatively coherent data, but laboratory B could not in one element, so its reliability was doubtful. In comparison with the blood test, laboratory C generated identical results, but not laboratory A and B. CONCLUSION: Hair mineral analysis has its limitations, considering the reliability of inter and intra laboratory analysis comparing with blood analysis. As such, clinicians should be cautious when applying hair mineral analysis as an ancillary tool. Each laboratory included in this study requires continuous refinement from now on for inducing standardized normal reference levels. 
Puerto Rico has higher rates of a range of endocrine-related diseases and disorders compared to the United States. However, little is known to date about human exposures to known or potential endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) in Puerto Rico. We recruited 105 pregnant women in Northern Puerto Rico who provided urine samples and questionnaire data at three times (18  2, 22  2, and 26  2 weeks) during gestation. We measured the urinary concentrations of five phenols and three parabens: 2,4-dichlorophenol (24-DCP), 2,5-dichlorophenol (25-DCP), benzophenone-3 (BP-3), bisphenol A (BPA), triclosan (TCS), butyl paraben (B-PB), methyl paraben (M-PB), and propyl paraben (P-PB). The frequent detection of these chemicals suggests that exposure is highly prevalent among these Puerto Rican pregnant women. Urinary concentrations of TCS, BP-3, and 25-DCP were higher than among women of reproductive age in the US general population, while concentrations of BPA, 24-DCP, and parabens were similar. Intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) varied widely between biomarkers; BPA had the lowest ICC (0.24) and BP-3 had the highest (0.62), followed by 25-DCP (0.49) and TCS (0.47). We found positive associations between biomarker concentrations with self-reported use of liquid soap (TCS), sunscreen (BP-3), lotion (BP-3 and parabens), and cosmetics (parabens). Our results can inform future epidemiology studies and strategies to reduce exposure to these chemicals or their precursors.
This is the first study to investigate intravenous (i.v.) laser blood irradiation, interstitial (i.st.) laser acupuncture, and electroacupuncture (EA) in combination with heart rate variability (HRV) and electrocorticogram. We investigated 10 male anesthetized Sprague-Dawley rats under the three conditions mentioned previously in Beijing, China, and data analysis was performed in Graz, Europe. For i.v. laser stimulation in the femoral vein and i.st. laser acupuncture at Neiguan (PC6), we used a European system (Modulas needle, Schwa-Medico, Germany; 658nm, 50mW, continuous wave mode), and for EA at Neiguan, a Chinese system (Hanshi-100A; Nanjing Jisheng Medical Technology Company, China; 15Hz, 1mA). HR, HRV, and electrocorticogram were recorded using a biophysical amplifier AVB-10 (Nihon-Kohden, Japan). HR changed significantly during i.st. laser acupuncture stimulation of Neiguan in anesthetized rats. Total HRV increased insignificantly during i.v. and i.st. laser stimulation. The LF/HF ratio showed significant changes only during i.v. laser blood irradiation. Integrated cortical EEG (electrocorticogram) decreased insignificantly during EA and i.v. laser blood irradiation. Further studies concerning dosage-dependent alterations are in progress.
UNLABELLED: (18)F-FDG PET qualitative tumor response assessment or tumor-to-background ratios compare targets against blood-pool or liver activity; standardized uptake value (SUV) semiquantitation has artifacts and is validated by a stable normal-tissue baseline. The aim of this study was to document the normal intrapatient range of scan-to-scan variation in blood-pool SUV and liver SUV and to identify factors that may adversely affect it (increase its spread). METHODS: Between July 2009 and June 2010, 132 oncology patients had 2 PET/CT scans. Patient preparation, acquisition, and reconstruction protocols were held stable, uniform, and reproducible. Mean SUV (body weight) values were obtained from 2-dimensional regions of interest in the aortic arch blood pool and in the right lobe of the liver. RESULTS: Of the 132 patients, 65 had lymphoma. Their mean age was 62.5 y. The group's mean serum glucose level was 6.0 mmol/L at the first visit and 5.9 mmol/L at the second visit. The mean (18)F-FDG dose was 4.1 MBq/kg at the first visit and 4.0 at the second. At the first visit, the group's mean blood-pool SUV was 1.55 (SD, 0.38); at the second, 1.58 (SD, 0.37)-not statistically different. The group's mean liver SUV was 2.17 (SD, 0.44) at the first visit and 2.29 (SD, 0.44) at the second (P = 0.005). Visit-to-visit intrapatient variation in blood-pool and liver SUVs had gaussian distributions. The variation in blood-pool SUV had a mean of 0.03 and SD of 0.42. The variation in liver SUV had a mean of 0.12 and SD of 0.50. Using 95th percentiles, the reference range in our patient population for intrapatient variation was -0.8 to 0.9 for blood pool SUV and -0.9 to 1.1 for liver SUV. Subanalysis by cancer type and chemotherapy suggested that the rise in liver SUV between the 2 visits was largely due to the commencement of chemotherapy, but no factors were identified as systematically affecting intrapatient variation, and no factors were identified as increasing its spread. CONCLUSION: In our patient cohort, the reference range for intrapatient variation in blood-pool and liver SUVs is -0.8 to 0.9 and -0.9 to 1.1, respectively. 
The reliability of near infrared spectroscopy derived tissue oxygenation index (TOI) and total haemoglobin concentration (tHb) were examined during continuous (CR) and interval (INT) running. In a repeated measures design, 10 subjects twice performed 30 min of CR at 70% of their peak treadmill velocity, followed by 10 bouts of INT at 100%. Between trial reliability of mean and amplitude changes in TOI and tHb during CR were determined. Muscle de-oxygenation and re-oxygenation rates during INT were calculated using 3 analytical methods; i) linear modelling, ii) minimum and maximum values during work/rest intervals, and iii) mean values during work/rest intervals. Reliability was assessed using coefficient of variation (CV; %). During CR, mean TOI was more reliable (3.5%) compared with TOI amplitude change (34.7%), while mean tHb (12%) was similar to both absolute (9.2%) and relative (10.2%) amplitude changes. During INT, de-oxygenation rates analysed via linear modelling produced the lowest CV (7.2%), while analysis using min-max values produced the lowest CV (9.3%) for re-oxygenation rates. In conclusion, while the variables demonstrated CVs lower than reported changes in training-induced adaptations and/or differences between athletes and controls (23- 450%), practitioners are encouraged to consider the advantages/disadvantages of each method when performing their analysis. 
BACKGROUND: Two distinct inhibitors of the HCV protease have been approved for the treatment of patients infected with HCV genotype-1. These drugs are highly efficient in suppressing HCV replication; however, their use is limited by the emergence of viral mutants resistant to them after a very short time of treatment. By analysing blood samples, it was shown that viral strains resistant to protease inhibitors (PIs) may exist prior to treatment. The aim of this study was to investigate the presence of viral variants resistant to PIs in isolates from liver and blood of HCV patients naive to any antiviral therapy. METHODS: Liver and blood HCV genotype-1b isolates from 10 patients with chronic hepatitis were analysed by cloning and sequencing procedures. RESULTS: The analyses of 1015 clones from liver isolates of each patient showed that 7/10 cases had single or multiple mutations potentially conferring resistance to PIs. However, the analysis of the corresponding blood samples excluded the presence of these mutations in all cases but one, which had the Q80R mutation in all clones from both liver and plasma samples. No PI-resistant variants were detected in isolates from either liver or plasma samples of three patients. CONCLUSIONS: Naturally occurring HCV variants resistant to PIs are commonly present at the intrahepatic level and this clearly explains their usual, very early emergence under treatment; however, the identification of these variants as circulating viral populations is not unusual in untreated patients. 
BACKGROUND: Cadmium (Cd) is a toxic metal associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Urinary Cd (U-Cd) concentration is considered a biomarker of long-term exposure. OBJECTIVES: Our objectives were to evaluate the within-person correlation among repeat samples and to identify predictors of U-Cd concentrations. METHODS: U-Cd concentrations (micrograms per liter) were measured in 24-hr urine samples collected from 296 women enrolled in the California Teachers Study in 2000 and a second 24-hr sample collected 3-9 months later from 141 of the participants. Lifestyle and sociodemographic characteristics were obtained via questionnaires. The Total Diet Study database was used to quantify dietary cadmium intake based on a food frequency questionnaire. We estimated environmental cadmium emissions near participants' residences using a geographic information system. RESULTS: The geometric mean U-Cd concentration was 0.27 g/L and the range was 0.1-3.6 g/L. The intraclass correlation among repeat samples from an individual was 0.50. The use of a single 24-hr urine specimen to characterize Cd exposure in a case-control study would result in an observed odds ratio of 1.4 for a true odds ratio of 2.0. U-Cd concentration increased with creatinine, age, and lifetime pack-years of smoking among ever smokers or lifetime intensity-years of passive smoking among nonsmokers, whereas it decreased with greater alcohol consumption and number of previous pregnancies. These factors explained 42-44% of the variability in U-Cd concentrations. CONCLUSION: U-Cd levels varied with several individual characteristics, and a single measurement of U-Cd in a 24-hr sample did not accurately reflect medium- to long-term body burden. 
The thiol (Cys34) content of human serum albumin (HSA-SH) decreases during oxidative and carbonyl stress and, therefore, could represent a useful parameter in clinical practice. Nevertheless, the reliability of HSA-thiol determination with Ellman's method depends on the purity of isolated HSA. Determination of total serum thiols (mmol/L) and HSA-SH content (mmol -SH/mmol HSA) after HSA isolation from diabetic patient and control sera by a two-step precipitation with ammonium sulfate (AS), as well as HSA-SH contribution (%) to total serum thiols, was assessed. Purity and yield of isolated HSA were monitored spectrophotometrically and by native polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. Precipitation of HSA from serum via a two-step method with AS produced HSA with 91.93.6% purity and 69.74.4% yield, allowing for precise (relative standard deviation of 3.2%) and reliable (comparing with total serum thiols) measurement of HSA-SH content with DTNB [5,5'-dithiobis-(2-nitrobenzoic acid)]. The content of the HSA-SH group in patients with type 2 diabetes was significantly (P<0.05) lower compared with that of the healthy cohort (0.4830.067 vs. 0.5610.054 mmol -SH/mmol HSA). Because the proposed method of HSA isolation is simple, time-efficient, and technically less demanding, and it also enables reliable determination of HSA-SH content, it is suitable for clinical practice.
BACKGROUND: Recent evidence indicates that chronic heart failure (CHF) is accompanied by both activation of the immune system and autonomic imbalance. There is a growing body of evidence that increased levels of proinflammatory cytokines and other inflammatory markers have important roles as mediators of disease progression and markers of mortality in patients with CHF. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate connection between autonomic imbalance [obtained by analysis of heart rate variability (HRV)] and activation of the immune system [as measured by serum levels of tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-] in patients with chronic heart failure. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 21 patients with CHF and 8 age- and gender-matched healthy control subjects. We assessed HRV by 24-hour electrocardiographic Holter monitoring and measured serum levels of TNF- using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Clinical assessment and echocardiography were also performed. RESULTS: There was an inverse correlation between serum level of TNF- and a time-domain parameter of HRV - SDNN (r=-0.542, p<0.05). A similar result was found for HRV triangular index, a geometric measure of HRV (r=-0.556; p<0.05). The correlation was stronger for subjects with a diabetes mellitus, females, and TNFA2 allele carriers (an "A" at position -308A). The pNN50, indirect marker of cardiac vagal activity, was not significantly associated with serum concentration of TNF-. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, the results of the present study indicate that increased serum TNF- level is significantly associated with reduced HRV indices, suggesting that activation of the immune system in patients with CHF is closely related to autonomic imbalance. 
Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) are main actors in inflammatory processes and linked to many diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, atherosclerosis, asthma, HIV and cancer. Moreover, they seem an interesting 'surrogate tissue' that can be used in biomarker discovery. In order to get a good experimental design for quantitative expression studies, the knowledge of the interindividual variation is an essential part. Therefore, PBMCs were isolated from 24 healthy volunteers (15 males, 9 females, ages 63-86) with no clinical signs of inflammation. The extracted proteins were separated using the two dimensional difference in gel electrophoresis technology (2D-DIGE), and the gel images were processed with the DeCyder 2D software. Protein spots present in at least 22 out of 24 healthy volunteers were selected for further statistical analysis. Determination of the coefficient of variation (CV) of the normalized spot volume values of these proteins, reveals that the total variation of the PBMC proteome varies between 12,99% to 148,45%, with a mean value of 28%. A supplemental look at the causes of technical variation showed that the isolation of PBMCs from whole blood is the factor which influences the experimental variance the most. This isolation should be handled with extra care and an additional washing step would be beneficial. Knowing the extent of variation, we show that at least 10 independent samples per group are needed to obtain statistical powerful data. This study demonstrates the importance of considering variance of a human population for a good experimental design for future protein profiling or biomarker studies.
OBJECTIVE: The goal of this study is to evaluate the amount of free fetal DNA (ffDNA), total DNA, and 'fetal fraction' found in maternal plasma and whether these influence the enrichment ratios of differentially methylated regions (DMRs) and the correct classification of trisomy 21 using the methylated DNA immunoprecipitation-quantitative polymerase chain reaction (MeDIP-qPCR)-based noninvasive prenatal diagnostic methodology applied in peripheral blood. METHODS: Absolute quantification of ffDNA using DYS14 and total DNA using -globin was applied in 83 maternal plasma samples. The quantification values for all 83 samples were correlated with the enrichment ratios of all seven DMRs and D-values that were obtained from the diagnostic formula of MeDIP-qPCR method. RESULTS: Our analysis concluded that trisomy 21 samples had significantly higher ffDNA and total DNA levels compared with those of normal samples. Enrichment ratios of the majority of DMRs studied exhibited no association with ffDNA, total DNA, and 'fetal fraction', and only a small portion of DMRs exhibited moderate association. Correlation studies of ffDNA, total DNA, and fetal fraction with the diagnostic D-value showed weak to no association but without affecting the classification of trisomy 21. CONCLUSION: Overall, the variability of ffDNA and total DNA among maternal samples does not affect the correct trisomy 21 classification using MeDIP-qPCR methodology applied in peripheral blood. 
BACKGROUND: Recent findings suggest that DNA methylation, a well-known epigenetic mechanism, is involved in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) metabolism and increased cardiovascular disease risk. The aim of this study was thus to assess whether DNA methylation within key genes of lipoprotein metabolism is associated with blood lipid profile variability. METHODS AND RESULTS: Ninety-eight untreated familial hypercholesterolaemia patients (61 men and 37 women) were recruited for leucocyte DNA methylation analyses at the LDLR, CETP, LCAT and LPL gene promoter loci using bisulfite pyrosequencing. LPL DNA methylation was correlated with HDL-C (r=0.22; p=0.031) and HDL particle size (r=0.47, p=0.013). In both sex, CETP DNA methylation was negatively associated with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (r<-0.32; p<0.05). In men, CETP DNA methylation was associated with HDL-C (r=-0.36; p=0.006), HDL-triglyceride levels (r=0.59; p<0.001) and HDL particle size (r=-0.44, p=0.019). In visceral adipose tissue from 30 men with severe obesity, the associations between LPL DNA methylation, HDL-C (r=-0.40; p=0.03) and LPL mRNA levels (r=-0.61, p<0.001) were confirmed. CONCLUSION: CETP and LPL DNA methylation levels are associated with blood lipid profile, suggesting that further studies of epipolymorphisms should most certainly contribute to a better understanding of the molecular bases of dyslipidemia. 
Cobalamin (Cbl) is an essential B vitamin involved in the normal functioning of the nervous system, the formation of key components of blood, DNA synthesis and methylation, and energy production. Physiological levels of Cbl vary greatly within populations, although the basis for this variability remains largely unknown. We conducted a twin study to characterise the basis of variation in plasma Cbl levels and to test whether common genetic polymorphisms in genes known to cause defects in inborn errors of Cbl metabolism and transport are also associated with mean plasma Cbl levels in the general population. The present results showed that plasma levels of Cbl were heritable, with genetic and phenotypic variance increasing with age, and levels significantly correlated with age, BMI, exercise, alcohol consumption, smoking status, social class and folate levels, which collectively accounted for up to 15 % of Cbl variation. Of eight genes responsible for the defects of the Cbl metabolic pathway (cblA-G and mut), MMAA, MMACHC, MTRR and MUT harboured polymorphisms that showed evidence of association with Cbl levels. Characterisation of the heritable component of variation in Cbl levels can facilitate the early diagnosis and prognosis of Cbl insufficiency/deficiency in individuals at a higher risk of associated diseases.
BACKGROUND: Testosterone regulates numerous physiological processes, and evidence suggests that it plays a critical role in male aging. It has yet to be determined whether the heritability of testosterone varies in accordance with its diurnal rhythm. Similarly, it is unclear whether changes in testosterone level throughout the day are genetically influenced. The aim of the present study was to determine the degree to which genetic and environmental factors contribute to individual differences in testosterone throughout the day in middle-aged men. METHODS: Saliva-based measures of free testosterone, sampled at multiple time-points both at-home and in-lab, were collected from 783 male twins (193 monozygotic pairs, 196 dizygotic pairs, 5 unpaired twins) as part of the Vietnam Era Twin Study of Aging (VETSA). The average age of participants was 55.9 years (SD=2.6). RESULTS: Testosterone levels declined substantially over the course of the day, with 32-39% of the change occurring in the first 30min after waking. Heritability estimates for specific time-points ranged from .02 to .39. The heritability of the average at-home and in-lab testosterone values were notably higher (.42 and .47 respectively). Daily rates of change showed some evidence of genetic influence, with heritability estimates ranging from .15 to .29, whereas there were no observable genetic influences on coefficients of variation. CONCLUSIONS: Genetic influences account for a significant proportion of the variance in average testosterone levels, while environmental factors account for the majority of intra-individual variability. These results highlight the need to explore both genetic and individual-specific environmental factors as determinants of free testosterone levels in aging men. 
OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to examine lumbar CSF-VEGF levels from elderly patients with ventriculomegaly to evaluate the possible circadian or periodic concentration profile and relevance to the prediction of drainage response. METHODS: Lumbar CSF samples were collected in 1-h interval over 35 h from 22 patients with ventriculomegaly. CSF-VEGF levels were measured to elucidate the possible circadian or periodic concentration profiles. These VEGF levels were evaluated for correlations with clinical response to CSF drainage, ventricle size and other clinical information. RESULTS: The 35-h CSF-VEGF levels demonstrated a periodic concentration pattern with significant episodic fluctuation with 3-5h intervals. CSF-VEGF levels in non-responder group in which patients did not show clinical improvement with CSF drainage were significantly higher than these in responder group. CONCLUSION: VEGF variation in hydrocephalus patients suggests its possible pathophysiological role in hydrocephalus. The periodic concentration pattern of CSF-VEGF must be considered when choosing the most appropriate time for sample collection or clinical manipulation. Increased VEGF level in patients who showed no improvement with CSF drainage suggests that a possible greater ischemic or vascular injury may play a role in these patients. Pending further studies, these results suggest that high VEGF levels have a potential application in predicting non-responder patients with CSF drainage and so reducing the morbidity and cost of drainage and shunting in these patients. 
BACKGROUND: A chronic loss of canine 1 -proteinase inhibitor (c1 -PI) into the gastrointestinal (GI) tract could change the systemic proteinase-proteinase inhibitor balance. Serum c1 -PI concentrations have not been studied in dogs with well-defined GI diseases. OBJECTIVES: To further evaluate serum c1 -PI concentrations in dogs with GI diseases, the objectives of this study were to (1) analytically validate a previously developed fecal c1 -PI immunoassay to determine serum concentrations, (2) determine a population-based reference interval (RI) and assess the clinical utility, (3) determine stability of serum c1 -PI, (4) determine the intra-individual variation in healthy dogs, and (5) determine the clinically relevant magnitude of change of serum c1 -PI. METHODS: Prestudy validation of the (125) I-c1 -PI immunoassay included linearity, spiking recovery, and intra- and inter-assay precision. A RI was calculated with samples of healthy dogs. Stability at -20C was tested on 36 samples. Intra-individual variation was assessed using samples collected from 11 healthy dogs over a 12-week period. RESULTS: The c1 -PI radioimmunoassay (RIA) was linear, accurate, precise, and reproducible. Serum c1 -PI decreased by 11% after one year at -20C. Analytical, intra-individual, inter-individual, and total variation were 6.4, 9.9, 9.0, and 25.3%, respectively. The RI for serum c1 -PI was 732-1802 mg/L (n = 87); there were no differences between sex and age groups. The index of individuality was 1.31. As analytical variation was >  inter-individual variation, the minimum critical difference was not determined. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study provide the basis for further evaluating serum c1 -PI in dogs with GI disease. Using a population-based RI for serum c1 -PI appears to be appropriate. 
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Hepatic blood flow (HBF) is best estimated by the Fick's method during indocyanine green constant infusion (ICG-HBF) on hepatic vein catheterization. We investigated the consistency and agreement of HBF measured by Doppler ultrasound (US-HBF) as compared with ICG-HBF in portal hypertensive patients with cirrhosis. METHODS: In 50 patients observed for HVPG measurement (56% compensated; Child score 7  2; HVPG 16.6  6.0 mmHg; varices in 75%) US-HBF (Sequoia-512-Acuson; 4.5-7 MHz convex probe; US-HBF = hepatic artery blood flow+portal vein blood flow) and ICG-HBF (Fick's method after an equilibration period of at least 45 min of ICG bolus of 5 mg + constant rate infusion of 0.2 mg/min). Intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) for consistency and absolute agreement between US-HBF and ICG-HBF were calculated. RESULTS: Mean ICG-HBF and US-HBF were similar, being respectively 1004  543 ml/min and 994  494 ml/min (p = 0.661 vs. ICG-HBF). However, results in individual patients disclosed marked differences between the two methods (386  415 ml/min) and showed only moderate consistency (ICC 0.456; p < 0.0001), absolute agreement (ICC 0.461; p < 0.0001) and linear correlation (R = 0.464; p < 0.0001). The discrepancy between the two methods was maximal in patients with poor liver function, high HBF by any technique and more arterialized liver circulation. Hepatic artery blood flow 40% of US-HBF indicated, with 90% specificity, a discrepancy 20% between US-HBF and ICG-HBF. CONCLUSIONS: HBF estimations by Doppler-ultrasound and ICG are significantly correlated, but their discrepancy in individual cases is high. Estimation of HBF by Doppler-US should be considered unreliable in patients with poor hepatic function and large liver arterialization. 
The breath analyzer is an indispensable tool for identifying alcohol levels among drivers. While numerous studies have shown high correlations between blood and breath alcohol concentrations, most are limited by the study design. This study seeks to assess this relationship by minimizing potential measurement bias, document time from alcohol consumption to testing, and adjusting for potential confounders. A blinded study was performed using conditions closely resembling those in the field. The Draeger 7110 MKIII IL breath analyzer was used to assess breath alcohol concentrations (BrAC). Participants were 61 healthy volunteers aged 21-37years with body mass index 30 and no history of alcoholism. A total of 242 valid blood/breath tests were performed in four test sets. The study results showed a high correlation coefficient between BrAC and blood alcohol concentration (BAC) levels (r=0.983) with high sensitivity (97%) and specificity (93%). This strong association between the breath analyzer and BAC persisted even after adjustment for various stages of alcohol absorption. These results illustrate the high diagnostic sensitivity of the breath analyzer in field-tested conditions. 
BACKGROUND: To evaluate the reproducibility of blood flow velocity measurements of individual retinal blood vessel segments using retinal function imager (RFI). METHODS: Eighteen eyes of 15 healthy subjects were enrolled prospectively at three centers. All subjects underwent RFI imaging in two separate sessions 15 min apart by a single experienced photographer at each center. An average of five to seven serial RFI images were obtained. All images were transferred electronically to one center, and were analyzed by a single observer. Multiple blood vessel segments (each shorter than 100 m) were co-localized on first and second session images taken at different times of the same fundus using built-in software. Velocities of corresponding segments were determined, and then the inter-session reproducibility of flow velocity was assessed by the concordance correlation co-efficient (CCC), coefficient of reproducibility (CR), and coefficient of variance (CV). RESULTS: Inter-session CCC for flow velocity was 0.97 (95% confidence interval (CI), 0.966 to 0.9797). The CR was 1.49 mm/sec (95% CI, 1.39 to 1.59 mm/sec), and CV was 10.9%. The average arterial blood flow velocity was 3.16 mm/sec, and average venous blood flow velocity was 3.15 mm/sec. The CR for arterial and venous blood flow velocity was 1.61 mm/sec and 1.27 mm/sec respectively. CONCLUSION: RFI provides reproducible measurements for retinal blood flow velocity for individual blood vessel segments, with 10.9% variability. 
Concentration of urinary metabolites is frequently used for biomonitoring of exposure to synthetic pyrethroids, the class of non-persistent insecticides. These chemicals are currently widely used in agriculture, households and public health all over the world. Most of them are easily metabolized in mammals and in the form of metabolites excreted in urine. The concentration in urine is thus susceptible to significant variations, even within a short period of time. In this study, temporal changes in urinary metabolites concentrations in seven subjects (four females and three males aged: 24-71) were monitored over seven consecutive days. All urine voids (281 in total) were collected and analyzed for cis- and trans-3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropane-carboxylic acid (cis-Cl2CA and trans-Cl2CA), cis-3-(2,2-dibromo-vinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclo-propanecarboxylic acid (Br2CA) and 3-phenoxybenzoic acid (3PBA) using a validated gas chromatography ion-trap mass spectrometry method. Only 3PBA was detectable in more than 60% of the collected samples enabling a reliable statistical analysis. Statistical analysis was performed to evaluate temporal variability in urinary excretion of 3PBA over the studied period. Both volume and creatinine (Cre) adjusted concentrations were evaluated with the latter one being the most reliable. Among all samples, first morning voids (FMV) were the least reproducible (interclass correlation coefficient - ICC, 0.551 and 0.350 for volume and creatinine adjusted concentrations, respectively). Spot and reconstructed 24-h samples were more reproducible in this study. ICC values for ng/mL concentrations were 0.599 and 0.681 (in spot and 24-h samples) and 0.846 and 0.796 for g/g creatinine concentrations. Results of this study suggest fairly constant short-term exposure to pyrethroids metabolized to 3PBA among the urban population in Poland. Creatinine adjustment should be performed in epidemiological studies and spot or multiple spot samples should be preferentially collected for the highest reliability of the measurement.
BACKGROUND: Low serum uric acid (UA) levels have been associated with increased Parkinson's disease (PD) risk and accelerated disease progression. We analyzed the effect of polymorphisms in 9 genes influencing serum UA concentration on the risk of PD. METHODS: We genotyped SLC2A9 rs734553, ABCG2 rs2231142, SLC17A1 rs1183201, SLC22A11 rs17300741, SLC22A12 rs505802, GCKR rs780094, PDZK1 rs12129861, LRRC16A+SCGN rs742132, and SLC16A9 rs12356193 in 1061 PD patients and 754 controls. For each subject we calculated a cumulative genetic risk score (GRS), defined as the total number of PD-risk alleles (range, 2-15) associated to lower serum UA levels. Serum UA levels were measured in a subgroup of 365 PD cases and 132 controls. RESULTS: Serum UA levels were significantly lower in men with PD than in controls. Subjects (both men and women) carrying more than 9 risk alleles (third GRS tertile) had a 1.5 higher risk of developing PD than subjects with less than 8 risk alleles (first GRS tertile). An inverse correlation was observed between higher GRS and lower serum UA concentration in both men and women. CONCLUSIONS: Genetic variability influencing serum UA levels might modify susceptibility to PD. 
Genes that are important for the detoxification of drugs and other xenobiotics show a high degree of interindividual variation attributable to regulation by diverse genetic, nongenetic, and epigenetic mechanisms including microRNAs (miRNAs). We selected a set of 56 miRNAs predicted to target the 3'-untranslated region of absorption, distribution, metabolism, excretion (ADME) genes to assess their hepatic expression levels and interindividual variability in a well-documented human liver tissue cohort (n = 92), together with the well-known hepatic miRNAs miR-122, miR-21, miR-27b, and miR-148a. Quantification by stem-loop real-time reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction confirmed high expression for these microRNAs and revealed particularly strong variability of expression (>1000-fold) for miR-539, miR-200c, miR-31, miR-15a, and miR-22. Association analysis revealed a high degree of correlation among various miRNAs, suggesting coregulation. Statistical analysis considering liver donor meta-data including correction for multiple testing revealed strongly elevated levels of miR-21, miR-34a, miR-130b, and miR-132 in cholestatic liver and of miR-21 and miR-130b during inflammation, as indicated by elevated C-reactive protein levels in serum. Although none of the miRNAs was strongly associated with sex, several miRNAs, including miR-34a and miR-200a/b, were positively correlated with age. Association analysis with ADME gene expression profiles and with cytochrome P450 gene expression phenotypes (mRNA, protein, enzymatic activity) revealed numerous significant correlations. Negatively affected protein and/or activity levels were observed for CYP1A1 (e.g., miR-132, miR-142-3p, miR-21), CYP2A6 (miR-142-3p, miR-21), CYP2C19 (e.g., miR-130b, miR-185, miR-34a), and CYP2E1 (miR-10a, let-7g, miR-200c). These data should be useful to further elucidate regulatory functions of miRNAs in liver pathophysiology and regulation of ADME gene expression. 
REASONS FOR PERFORMING STUDY: There is little published information on whether measurement of plasma ACTH concentration at a single timepoint is a repeatable indicator of pituitary pars intermedia dysfunction (PPID). OBJECTIVES: To determine whether ultradian or circadian fluctuations in ACTH production influence plasma ACTH concentration in normal horses and horses with PPID. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective observational study. METHODS: Plasma ACTH concentration in 8 non-PPID horses and 8 horses with PPID was measured at 08.00, 11.00, 14.00 and 17.00 h on 5 nonconsecutive days within a 3 week period. In addition, at 08.30 h on one day, 6 samples were collected from each horse at precisely 5 min intervals over a period of 25 min. Descriptive and graphical analysis was performed and a linear mixed effects model was fitted to assess the effect of time of day on ACTH concentration in non-PPID and PPID horses. RESULTS: Evidence of ultradian fluctuation in ACTH production was not identified in either non-PPID or PPID horses. Evidence for circadian fluctuation was identified in non-PPID horses; plasma ACTH concentrations were highest at 08.00 h and decreased through the day. There was no evidence of circadian fluctuation in PPID horses. In non-PPID horses, the magnitude of circadian changes in ACTH concentration was smaller than variations in concentration that occurred at random. Intrahorse variability of ACTH concentration was greater in PPID horses than in non-PPID horses. CONCLUSIONS: Ultradian and circadian fluctuations in ACTH concentration are unlikely to influence clinical decision making; however, variations of potential clinical relevance do occur in individual horses, for reasons that remain to be determined, and increase in magnitude with progression of PPID. Results of the current study indicate that when an ACTH concentration between 19 and 40 pg/ml is measured, further testing should be considered to increase the accuracy of PPID diagnosis. 
OBJECTIVE: Twenty-four-hour urinary free cortisol (UFC) sampling is commonly used to evaluate Cushing's syndrome. Because there are few data on UFC variability in patients with active Cushing's disease, we analysed baseline UFC in a large patient cohort with moderate-to-severe Cushing's disease and assessed whether variability correlates with hypercortisolism severity. These data will help clinicians establish the minimum number of UFC samples required to obtain reliable data. DESIGN: Observational study (enrolment phase of Phase III study). METHODS: Patients (n = 152) with persistent/recurrent or de novo Cushing's disease and mean UFC (mUFC) 15ULN (normal: 30-145 nmol/24 h) were included. Mean UFC level was calculated from four 24-h urine samples collected over 2 weeks. RESULTS: Over 600 24-h UFC samples were analysed. The mUFC levels of samples 1 and 2 and samples 3 and 4 were 1000 nmol/24 h (SD 1872) and 940 nmol/24 h (SD 2148), respectively; intrapatient coefficient of variation (CV) was 38% for mUFC. The intrapatient CV using all four samples was 52% (95% CI: 48-56). The intrapatient CV was 51% (95% CI: 44-58) for samples 1 and 2, 49% (95% CI: 43-56) for samples 3 and 4 and 54% (95% CI: 49-59) for samples 1, 2 and 3. Variability in mUFC increased as UFC levels increased. There were no correlations between UFC and clinical features of hypercortisolism. CONCLUSIONS: There is intrapatient variability of approximately 50% in 24-h UFC measurements, which is relevant to targets set to estimate any treatment effect. Analysing more than two 24-h collection periods in individual patients does not result in a relevant decrease in variability. Interestingly, UFC levels did not correlate with hypercortisolism severity. 
AIM: Peripheral blood monocytes (PBMs) play multiple and critical roles in the immune response, and abnormalities in PBMs have been linked to a variety of human disorders. However, the DNA methylation landscape in PBMs is largely unknown. In this study, we characterized epigenome-wide DNA methylation profiles in purified PBMs. MATERIALS & METHODS: PBMs were isolated from freshly collected peripheral blood from 18 unrelated healthy postmenopausal Caucasian females. Epigenome-wide DNA methylation profiles (the methylome) were characterized by using methylated DNA immunoprecipitation combined with high-throughput sequencing. RESULTS: Distinct patterns were revealed at different genomic features. For instance, promoters were commonly (58%) found to be unmethylated; whereas protein coding regions were largely (84%) methylated. Although CpG-rich and -poor promoters showed distinct methylation patterns, interestingly, a negative correlation between promoter methylation levels and gene transcription levels was consistently observed across promoters with high to low CpG densities. Importantly, we observed substantial interindividual variation in DNA methylation across the individual PBM methylomes and the pattern of this interindividual variation varied between different genomic features, with highly variable regions enriched for repetitive DNA elements. Furthermore, we observed a modest but significant excess (p < 2.2  10(-16)) of genes showing a negative correlation between interindividual promoter methylation and transcription levels. These significant genes were enriched in biological processes that are closely related to PBM functions, suggesting that alteration in DNA methylation is likely to be an important mechanism contributing to the interindividual variation in PBM function, and PBM-related phenotypic and disease-susceptibility variation in humans. CONCLUSION: This study represents a comprehensive analysis of the human PBM methylome and its interindividual variation. Our data provide a valuable resource for future epigenomic and multiomic studies, exploring biological and disease-related regulatory mechanisms in PBMs. 
Butyrylcholinesterase (BuChE) activity is associated with activated astrocytes in Alzheimer's disease brain. The BuChE-K variant exhibits 30%-60% reduced acetylcholine (ACh) hydrolyzing capacity. Considering the increasing evidence of an immune-regulatory role of ACh, we investigated if genetic heterogeneity in BuChE affects cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) biomarkers of inflammation and cholinoceptive glial function. Alzheimer's disease patients (n = 179) were BCHE-K-genotyped. Proteomic and enzymatic analyses were performed on CSF and/or plasma. BuChE genotype was linked with differential CSF levels of glial fibrillary acidic protein, S100B, interleukin-1, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-. BCHE-K noncarriers displayed 100%-150% higher glial fibrillary acidic protein and 64%-110% higher S100B than BCHE-K carriers, who, in contrast, had 40%-80% higher interleukin-1 and 21%-27% higher TNF- compared with noncarriers. A high level of CSF BuChE enzymatic phenotype also significantly correlated with higher CSF levels of astroglial markers and several factors of the innate complement system, but lower levels of proinflammatory cytokines. These individuals also displayed beneficial paraclinical and clinical findings, such as high cerebral glucose utilization, low -amyloid load, and less severe progression of clinical symptoms. In vitro analysis on human astrocytes confirmed the involvement of a regulated BuChE status in the astroglial responses to TNF- and ACh. Histochemical analysis in a rat model of nerve injury-induced neuroinflammation, showed focal assembly of astroglial cells in proximity of BuChE-immunolabeled sites. In conclusion, these results suggest that BuChE enzymatic activity plays an important role in regulating intrinsic inflammation and activity of cholinoceptive glial cells and that this might be of clinical relevance. The dissociation between astroglial markers and inflammatory cytokines indicates that a proper activation and maintenance of astroglial function is a beneficial response, rather than a disease-driving mechanism. Further studies are needed to explore the therapeutic potential of manipulating BuChE activity or astroglial functional status.
BACKGROUND: Patients with thrice-weekly hemodialysis have higher predialysis weights and ultrafiltration rates at the first compared with subsequent dialysis sessions of the week. We hypothesized that these variations in weight and ultrafiltration rate are associated with a systematic difference in blood pressure. STUDY DESIGN: Observational study. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: During 3 months, we prospectively collected hemodynamic data for 4,007 hemodialysis sessions involving 124 Dutch patients. A similar analysis was performed with 789 US patients, comprising 6,060 hemodialysis sessions. FACTOR: First versus subsequent hemodialysis sessions of the week. OUTCOMES: Blood pressure. MEASUREMENTS: Blood pressure, weight, and ultrafiltration rate were analyzed separately for the first, second, and third dialysis sessions of the week. Comparisons were made with linear mixed models. RESULTS: In Dutch patients, predialysis weight and ultrafiltration rate were significantly greater at the first compared with subsequent hemodialysis sessions of the week (P < 0.001). Predialysis systolic and diastolic blood pressures were higher at the first than at subsequent sessions of the week (P < 0.001). Predialysis blood pressure differences persisted throughout the session: systolic and diastolic blood pressures were on average 5.0 and 2.5 mm Hg higher during the first compared to the third session of the week. Postdialysis blood pressures followed a similar pattern (P < 0.001). Blood pressure differences between the first and subsequent days of the week persisted after adjustment for possible confounders. Results in the US cohort were materially identical despite differences in patient characteristics and treatment practice between the 2 cohorts. LIMITATIONS: Dry weight was not assessed by objective methods. CONCLUSIONS: Blood pressure of patients on a thrice-weekly dialysis schedule varies systematically over the week. Predialysis blood pressure is highest at the first hemodialysis session of the week, most likely due to greater interdialytic weight gain. Intra- and postdialytic blood pressures also are highest at the first session of the week despite higher ultrafiltration rates. 
BACKGROUND: Alterations in lymphocyte subpopulations are present in several immune diseases, and clinicians and researchers recognise the importance of investigating the distribution and changes in lymphocyte subsets over relatively long periods of time in order to evaluate the effectiveness of treatment and follow the course of disease. Yet further insight is required on the biological variability (BV) of lymphocyte subsets, which is crucial to the correct interpretation of longitudinal changes and provides essential information for setting desirable quality specifications and defining the usefulness of reference values. METHODS: Four-colour-flow cytometry was used to investigate the BV of lymphocyte populations (LP) in the peripheral blood of 20 healthy adults recruited from our laboratory staff and followed for three months. The total lymphocyte count was measured, and the relative frequencies determined for T-cells (CD3+), T-helper cells (CD3+CD4+), cytolytic T-cells (CD3+CD8+), B-cells (CD3-CD19+), NK-cells (CD3-CD16+/56+), non-MHC restricted cytolytic T-cells (CD3+CD56+) and activated T-cells (CD3+HLA-DR+). RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: Data on the components of BV were applied to set quality specifications for allowable precision, bias and total error. Analytical performances were established, and they were more than desirable for all the markers considered in our study. By comparing within-subject and between-subjects BV, we were able to define the uselessness of reference ranges in the evaluation of changes in CD serial results. Data on within-subject BV and analytical precision were thus used to determine the reference change values, in order to identify the significance of changes in serial results. The findings made in the present study provide further evidence of the relevance of BV in the evaluation of immunological markers of LP. 
In many older US cities, lead (Pb) contamination of residential soil is widespread; however, contamination is not uniform. Empirically based, spatially explicit models can assist city agencies in addressing this important public health concern by identifying areas predicted to exceed public health targets for soil Pb contamination. Sampling of 61 residential properties in Baltimore City using field portable X-ray fluorescence revealed that 53% had soil Pb that exceeded the USEPA reportable limit of 400ppm. These data were used as the input to three different spatially explicit models: a traditional general linear model (GLM), and two machine learning techniques: classification and regression trees (CART) and Random Forests (RF). The GLM revealed that housing age, distance to road, distance to building, and the interactions between variables explained 38% of the variation in the data. The CART model confirmed the importance of these variables, with housing age, distance to building, and distance to major road networks determining the terminal nodes of the CART model. Using the same three predictor variables, the RF model explained 42% of the variation in the data. The overall accuracy, which is a measure of agreement between the model and an independent dataset, was 90% for the GLM, 83% for the CART model, and 72% for the RF model. A range of spatially explicit models that can be adapted to changing soil Pb guidelines allows managers to select the most appropriate model based on public health targets. 
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine reproducibility and clinical thresholds for DXA-derived visceral adipose tissue (VAT). DESIGN AND METHODS: The sample included 2317 white and African American adults 18-74 years of age. VAT areas (cm(2) ) were measured using a Hologic DXA scanner equipped with APEX 4.0 software. Reproducibility was assessed using repeated measurements on 101 participants scanned 14 days apart. Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curves were used to assess clinical utility and select thresholds that identified elevated cardiometabolic risk, defined as the presence of 2 risk factors. RESULTS: Reproducibility of DXA-VAT was 8.1%. The areas under the ROC curves ranged from 0.754 in African American men to 0.807 in white women. The thresholds were higher in white men (154 cm(2) ) and women (143 cm(2) ) compared to African American men (101 cm(2) ) and women (114 cm(2) ). CONCLUSION: The results demonstrated that DXA VAT is a useful clinical marker of cardiometabolic risk; however, further research is required to determine associations with health outcomes using longitudinal studies. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relative intraindividual changes in sperm 5-methylcytosine (5-mC) and 5-hydroxymethylcytosine (5-hmC) levels associated with age and to compare the levels of 5-hmC in mature human sperm to blood DNA. DESIGN: Prospective research study. SETTING: University-based andrology and in vitro fertilization (IVF) laboratory. PATIENT(S): Fifteen known fertile sperm donors, 22 other known fertile controls, and 41 male blood donors from a general population tissue bank. INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Measurements of global 5-mC and 5-hmC levels via an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA)-based assay. RESULT(S): Global sperm 5-mC levels exhibit a statistically significant increase with age, and a similar trend was seen in 5-hmC levels. On average, in the age ranges we analyzed, 5-mC increased by 1.76% per year, and 5-hmC, though more variable, increased by approximately 5% per year. Additionally, we found that 5-hmC levels in sperm are 32.59% of that found in blood DNA. CONCLUSION(S): Global sperm DNA methylation patterns are stable over short periods of time but increase with age, which raises important questions regarding the risks of advanced paternal age. Additionally, as we would predict for a transcriptionally quiescent cell type, 5-hmC levels are statistically significantly lower in human sperm than in blood DNA. 
Network analysis is an emerging approach to functional connectivity in which the brain is construed as a graph and its connectivity and information processing estimated by mathematical characterizations of graphs. There has been little to no work examining the reproducibility of network metrics derived from different types of functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) data (e.g., resting vs. task related, or pulse sequences other than standard blood oxygen level dependent [BOLD] data) or of measures of network structure at levels other than summary statistics. Here, we take up these questions, comparing the reproducibility of graphs derived from resting arterial spin-labeling perfusion fMRI with those derived from BOLD scans collected while the participant was performing a task. We also examine the reproducibility of the anatomical connectivity implied by the graph by investigating test-retest consistency of the graphs' edges. We compare two measures of graph-edge consistency both within versus between subjects and across data types. We find a dissociation in the reproducibility of network metrics, with metrics from resting data most reproducible at lower frequencies and metrics from task-related data most reproducible at higher frequencies; that same dissociation is not recapitulated, however, in network structure, for which the task-related data are most consistent at all frequencies. Implications for the practice of network analysis are discussed. 
OBJECTIVES: This study evaluated multiple blood lead measures collected over time and assessed differences arising from exposure and testing variability. METHODS: Blood lead data was used to compare individuals from manufacturing and construction occupational cohorts. Trends of blood lead levels (BLLs) over time were analysed using mixed model analysis. Random selection of BLL values was used to determine the improvement in the precision of mean BLL estimates as the number of tests increased. RESULTS: From 2003-2007, there were 619 manufacturing and 657 construction workers with more than one blood lead test reported. Construction workers had much more variability in their blood lead trends. They also tended to have less frequent follow-up blood tests compared with manufacturing workers. Both occupational cohorts had persistent BLLs that resulted in many workers with chronically high blood lead values (>25 g/dL). Approximately 11.2% of construction workers and 34.8% of manufacturing workers with an initial blood lead test above 25 g/dL remained above this blood level through the study period. The precision in the mean BLL estimates increased more substantially for construction workers when compared with manufacturing workers as the number of blood lead tests per worker increased. CONCLUSIONS: This study confirmed differences in the pattern of blood lead tests and the resulting trends for manufacturing compared with construction workers. It also suggested that the number of blood lead tests performed on a worker is an important consideration in the assessment of a worker's mean blood lead estimate, and this is particularly true for workers with highly variable exposures. 
BACKGROUND/AIMS: Our work in a rodent model of urinary calcium suggests genetic and gender effects on increased residual variability in urine chemistries. Based on these findings, we hypothesized that sex would similarly be associated with residual variation in human urine solutes. Sex-related effects on residuals might affect the establishment of physiological baselines and error in medical assays. METHODS: We tested the effects of sex on residual variation in urine chemistry by estimating coefficients of variation (CV) for urinary solutes in paired sequential 24-h urines (72 hour interval) in 6,758 females and 9,024 males aged 16-80 submitted to a clinical laboratory. RESULTS: Females had higher CVs than males for urinary phosphorus overall at the False Discovery Rate (P<0.01). There was no effect of sex on CV for calcium (P>0.3). Males had higher CVs for citrate (P<0.01) from ages 16-45 and females higher CVs for citrate (P<0.01) from ages 56-80, suggesting effects of an extant oestral cycle on residual variance. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicate the effects of sex on residual variance of the excretion of urinary solutes including phosphorus and citrate; differences in CV by sex might reflect dietary lability, differences in the fidelity of reporting or genetic differentiation in renal solute consistency. Such an effect could complicate medical analysis by the addition of random error to phenotypic assays. Renal analysis might require explicit incorporation of heterogeneity among factorial effects, and for sex in particular. 
It is essential to choose one preprocessing method for liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS)-based metabolomics studies of urine samples in order to overcome their variability. However, the commonly used normalization methods do not substantially reduce the high variabilities arising from differences in urine concentration, especially for signal saturation (abundant metabolites exceed the dynamic range of the instrumentation) or missing values. Herein, a simple preacquisition strategy based on differential injection volumes calibrated by creatinine (to reduce the concentration differences between the samples), combined with normalization to "total useful MS signals" or "all MS signals", is proposed to overcome urine variabilities. This strategy was first systematically compared with other popular normalization methods by application to serially diluted urine samples. Then, the method has been verified using rat urine samples of pre- and postinoculation of Walker 256 carcinoma cells. The results showed that the calibration of injection volumes based on creatinine values could effectively eliminate intragroup differences caused by variations in the concentrations of urinary metabolites, thus giving better parallelism and clustering effects. In addition, peak area normalization could further eliminate intraclass differences. Therefore, the strategy of combining peak area normalization with calibration of injection volumes of urine samples based on their creatinine values is effective for solving problems associated with urinary metabolomics. 
AIMS: Diabetes mellitus is characterized by structural and functional alterations of the large- and medium-size arteries. Whether blood glucose variability, i.e. the glycemic oscillations occurring during the 24-h period, represents a risk factor for vascular alterations additional to and independent on HbA1c in type 1 diabetes mellitus is still undefined. The present study was carried out with the aim at investigating the impact of different measures of blood glucose variability on arterial structure and function. We studied 17 non-complicated type 1 diabetic patients (11 males, six females) with an age of 40.8  7.6 years (mean  SD). In each patient, 24-h glucose profile was obtained by continuous glucose monitoring system and glucose variability was expressed as mean  SD of 24-h blood glucose levels, mean amplitude of glycemic excursions and postprandial hyperglycemic spikes. Arterial structure and function was measured as carotid IMT and stiffness. MAJOR FINDINGS: The different approaches to assessing blood glucose variability well correlated between and with HbA1c. Carotid IMT and stiffness showed significant correlations with age, blood pressure, heart rate and daily insulin intake but a non- significant correlation with blood glucose variability. PRINCIPAL CONCLUSION: Thus, in type 1 diabetes mellitus, measures of glycemic variability are useful in predicting both actual and long-lasting glycemic control. In absence of diabetes-related complications and of any intima-media thickness alterations, the major predictors of arterial distensibility are represented by traditional risk factors beside glycemic 24-h control. 
The oxidative stress response to maximal exercise may provide useful clinical biomarkers for assessing redox homeostasis. The aim was to determine the between-individual variability in the exercise-induced change in oxidative stress measures and investigate predictors of these responses. Plasma F2-isoprostanes (Isop), protein carbonyls (PCs), glutathione peroxidase (GPX) activity and total antioxidant capacity (TAC) were measured before and after a maximal treadmill exercise test. Exercise produced significant increases in Isop (27.0%), PC (6.2%) and GPX (7.8%). There were large between-individual coefficients of variation: Isop (152%), PC, (240%), GPX (130%) and TAC (243%).
INTRODUCTION: Spectroscopic analysis of urine samples from laboratory animals can be used to predict the efficacy and side effects of drugs. This employs methods combining (1)H NMR spectroscopy with quantification of biomarkers or with multivariate data analysis. The most critical steps in data evaluation are analytical reproducibility of NMR data (collection, storage, and processing) and the health status of the animals, which may influence urine pH and osmolarity. METHODS: We treated rats with a solvent, a diuretic, or a nephrotoxicant and collected urine samples. Samples were titrated to pH 3 to 9, or salt concentrations increased up to 20-fold. The effects of storage conditions and freeze-thaw cycles were monitored. Selected metabolites and multivariate data analysis were evaluated after (1)H NMR spectroscopy. RESULTS: We showed that variation of pH from 3 to 9 and increases in osmolarity up to 6-fold had no effect on the quantification of the metabolites or on multivariate data analysis. Storage led to changes after 14 days at 4C or after 12 months at -20C, independent of sample composition. Multiple freeze-thaw cycles did not affect data analysis. CONCLUSION: Reproducibility of NMR measurements is not dependent on sample composition under physiological or pathological conditions. 
The athlete biological passport for the fight against doping is currently based on longitudinal monitoring for abnormal changes in cellular blood parameters. Serum parameters related to altered erythropoiesis could be considered for inclusion in the passport. The aim of this study was to quantify the changes in such parameters in athletes during a period of intense exercise.12 highly trained cyclists tapered for 3 days before 6 days of simulated intense stage racing. Morning and afternoon blood samples were taken on most days and analysed for total protein, albumin, soluble transferrin receptor and ferritin concentrations. Plasma volume was determined via total haemoglobin mass measured by carbon-monoxide rebreathing. Percent changes in means from baseline and percent standard errors of measurement (analytical error plus intra-athlete variation) on each measurement occasion were estimated with mixed linear modelling of log-transformed measures. Means of all variables changed substantially in the days following the onset of racing, ranging from -13% (haemoglobin concentration) to +27% (ferritin). After the second day, errors of measurement were generally twice those at baseline. Plasma variables were affected by heavy exercise, either because of changes in plasma volume (total protein, albumin, haemoglobin), acute phase/inflammatory reactions (ferritin) or both (soluble transferrin receptor). These effects need to be taken into consideration when integrating a plasma parameter into the biological passport model for athletes.
When health professionals measure the fitness levels of clients, body composition is usually estimated. In field settings, body composition is commonly estimated with skinfolds or bioelectrical impedance analysis. Recently, a portable ultrasound device has been manufactured to estimate what percentage of body mass is composed of adipose tissue (AT%). A reported advantage of using ultrasound is that inter- and intrarater variations may be minimized when compared with the skinfold technique. Therefore, the purpose of this pilot study was twofold; 1) to determine the validity of a portable ultrasound device compared with skinfolds and 2) determine the reliability of the portable ultrasound device. Participants had their measurements taken in the following order: urine specific gravity, body mass, height, skinfolds and ultrasound determined. Participants had their urine specific gravity and ultrasound determined AT% estimates measured again 48 h later. The current pilot study found that the ultrasound was not a valid estimate of AT% when compared with the skinfold estimate (TE > 4%). In addition, the 1-site estimate from the ultrasound was more reliable than the 3-site estimate of AT%. These data are of importance to practitioners because it demonstrates that while the ultrasound is not a valid estimate compared with skinfolds, the 1-site estimate may be able to track changes in AT% over time, making the ultrasound an option for assessing changes in body composition.
PURPOSE: Non-invasive inert gas rebreathing (IGR) has shown promising results in the determination of pulmonary blood flow. The volume of the rebreathing bag (V bag) is proposed by the system. However, elderly patients or those with severe pulmonary disease may be unable to rebreathe this volume entirely. We evaluated the effect of adapting V bag on the reproducibility of IGR. METHODS: A total of 270 valid measurements were obtained from 45 patients with obstruction (group A), restriction (group B), and in healthy controls (group C). Two measurements for each of three different V bag of 1,200, 1,700, and 2,200ml were conducted in the supine position. RESULTS: We found no statistically significant difference of the repeated measurements neither between the different V bag in groups A to C nor between the three groups for identical V bag. There was a weak yet significantly worse coefficient of variation between a V bag of 2,200ml in group A compared with group C with 2,200 and 1,200ml, respectively. Intraclass correlation coefficient and repeatability coefficient yielded significantly worse values in group A for a V bag of 2,200ml compared with healthy controls and lower bag volumes. No difference could be found intraclass nor interclass in groups B and C. CONCLUSIONS: V bag can be altered between 1,200 and 2,200ml in most situations without affecting the reproducibility. Attention has to be paid to extreme volumes in obstructive patients. Nevertheless, V bag should be chosen as large as possible and therefore has to be carefully adapted, particularly in patients with obstruction or restriction. 
The project aimed to help interpretation of urinary protein measurements, namely -2-microglobulin, retinol-binding protein, albumin and total protein in untimed, random urine samples as indicating significant changes in renal tubular reabsorption and glomerular permeability in an individual. A standard methodology used in clinical laboratory medicine was applied to calculate the intra-individual biological variation for these analytes. This parameter in conjunction with a laboratory's analytical variation allows definition of uncertainty about a single urine protein measurement, significant changes above normal variation in serial measurements within an individual and a defined level of maximum acceptable analytical imprecision. Repeat urine samples were obtained over a period of one week from a group of cadmium-exposed workers, 90% of whom had long-term tubular proteinuria, and a group of five unexposed volunteers with normal renal function. Dilute samples defined as having creatinines less than 3 mmol l-1 were excluded, as were urines with pH less than 5.5 for -2-microglobulin. Samples were analysed twice after randomisation in large batches. There was no evidence of any diurnal variation in the four protein measurements from samples collected between early morning and 16:00 hours. Creatinine or specific gravity correction of urine results for all four proteins only marginally reduced the uncertainty associated with an individual measurement asreflecting the true excretion value. For those subjects with defined tubular proteinuria, variability in retinol-binding protein excretion was less than that for -2- microglobulin. About 30% of the samples had urine pHs of 5.5 or less where -2- microglobulin degradation occurs. Using our laboratory analytical precision the minimum changes between serial creatinine-corrected measurements that are needed to be considered statistically significant (p &lt; 0.05) is 110% for retinol-binding protein, 177% for -2-microglobulin, 70% for total protein, and 81% for albumin. Unlike published data for cadmium and mercury, the use of creatinine or specific gravity correction of random untimed urine samples for the urinary proteins does not make a large improvement to the interpretation of data by reducing the uncertainty associated with a measurement. There are significant advantages to the use of retinol-binding protein in contrast to -2- microglobulin as an indicator of renal tubular damage. Levels for defined acceptable analytical precision are calculated for laboratories undertaking protein estimations. The data in this report will help in the interpretation of urinary protein measurements without monitoring cadmium workers. 
Therapeutic drug monitoring of raltegravir Ctrough levels was carried out in the setting of the Raltegravir Switch for Toxicity or Adverse events (RASTA) trial, a randomized pilot study exploring a 48-week safety and efficacy of treatment switch to raltegravir associated with tenofovir/emtricitabine or abacavir/lamivudine in patients with regimens with optimal virologic control. Blood sampling for measurement of raltegravir plasma levels was carried out at weeks 4, 12, 24, 36 and 48. Plasma samples were analysed by a recently developed and validated UPLC-MS method. A total of 164 samples from 39 patients were assayed. Analysis for intra- and inter-subject variability was restricted to those patients with 4 or more determinations, including 30 patients and 142 determinations. The intra- and inter-subject variability measures were 85.9 and 124.6%, respectively, with an intra-/inter-subject variability ratio of 69%. We also analysed data from a subset of patients with well-documented adherence to protocol, defined as protocol compliant population, including 21 patients and 93 determinations. In this subpopulation, we estimated intra- and inter-subject variability of 79.87% and 110%, respectively, with an intra-/inter-subject variability ratio of 72.6%. This study confirms the notion that raltegravir is a highly variable drug according to the European Medicines Agency criteria. While this condition does not favour the adoption of therapeutic drug monitoring in the clinical practice, the latter is deemed useful in patients with drug plasma concentrations below or near the threshold level of efficacy (since intracellular raltegravir levels might be as low as 5% of the corresponding plasma levels), or to identify drug-drug interactions of potential clinical relevance. 
Determination of human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons PAHs is challenging because they are so broadly distributed in the environment and often difficult to quantitate using questionnaire methods. To enhance the ability to non invasively evaluate markers of both internal dose and biologically effective dose we have developed methods for the identification and quantitation of 1 hydroxypyrene-glucuronide and r 7, t 8, t 9, c 10 tetrahydroxy 7,8,9,10 tetrahydrobenzo a pyrene BP 7,10 8,9 tetrol in human urine. In the current study we applied these assays to urine samples collected from 43 hospitalized psoriasis patients treated with coal tar medication and 39 non treated volunteer controls. BP 7,10 8,9 tetrol was detected in 20 of 43 47 patients, ranging from 1 not detected to 124 fmol mumol-1 creatinine. In contrast, BP 7,10 8,9 tetrol was detected in only 4 of 39 10 controls, range 1 to 20.6 fmol mumol-1 creatinine p = 0.0006, Wilcoxon rank sum test. A second, more polar PAH metabolite, identified as 1 hydroxypyrene-glucuronide, was present in all urine samples. Mean 1 hydroxypyreneglucuronide levels were 40.96 72.62 pmol mumol-1 creatinine in patients and 0.38 0.32 pmol mumol-1 creatinine in control subjects p 0.0001 . The ratio of urinary levels of BP 7,10 8,9 tetrol to 1 hydroxypyrene-glucuronide was examined in the coal tar treated patients. This ratio was found to vary by approximately 6000 fold. This parameter cannot be explained by measurement error because the coefficients of variation for these assays are only 12 and 10 respectively, nor can it be explained by use of different coal tar products. These results provide further evidence that substantial interindividual variation in activation of benzo a pyrene and other PAHs exists, which may have implications for disease risk. 
Human exposure to modern non-persistent chemicals is difficult to ascertain in epidemiological studies as exposure patterns and excretion rates may show temporal and diurnal variations. The aim of this study was to assess the temporal variability in repeated measurements of urinary excretion of bisphenol A (BPA) and seven other phenols. All analytes were determined using TurboFlow-LC-MS/MS. Two spot, three first morning and three 24-h urine samples were collected from 33 young Danish men over a three months period. Temporal variability was estimated by means of intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs). More than 70% of the urine samples had detectable levels of BPA, triclosan (TCS), benzophenone-3 (BP-3) and sum of 2,4-dichlorophenol and 2,5-dichlorophenol (DCP). We found low to moderate ICCs for BPA (0.10-0.42) and DCP (0.39-0.72), whereas the ICCs for BP-3 (0.69-0.80) and TCS (0.55-0.90) were higher. The ICCs were highest for the two spot urine samples, which were collected approximately 4 days apart, compared with the 24-h urine samples and the first morning urine samples, which were collected approximately 40 days apart. A consequence of the considerable variability in urinary excretion of BPA may be misclassification of individual BPA exposure level in epidemiological studies, which may lead to attenuation of the association between BPA and outcomes. Our data do not support that collection of 24-h samples will improve individual exposure assessment for any of the analysed phenols. 
BACKGROUND: Maternal urinary biomarkers are often used to assess fetal exposure to phenols and their precursors. Their effectiveness as a measure of exposure in epidemiological studies depends on their variability during pregnancy and their ability to accurately predict fetal exposure. OBJECTIVES: We assessed the relationship between urinary and amniotic fluid concentrations of nine environmental phenols, and the reproducibility of urinary concentrations, among pregnant women. METHODS: Seventy-one women referred for amniocentesis were included. Maternal urine was collected at the time of the amniocentesis appointment and on two subsequent occasions. Urine and amniotic fluid were analyzed for 2,4- and 2,5-dichlorophenols, bisphenol A, benzophenone-3, triclosan, and methyl-, ethyl-, propyl-, and butylparabens using online solid phase extraction-high performance liquid chromatography-isotope dilution tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Only benzophenone-3 and propylparaben were detectable in more than half of the amniotic fluid samples; for these phenols, concentrations in amniotic fluid and maternal urine collected on the same day were positively correlated ( = 0.53 and 0.32, respectively). Other phenols were detected infrequently in amniotic fluid (e.g., bisphenol A was detected in only two samples). The intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) of urinary concentrations in samples from individual women ranged from 0.48 and 0.62 for all phenols except bisphenol A (ICC = 0.11). CONCLUSION: Amniotic fluid detection frequencies for most phenols were low. The reproducibility of urine measures was poor for bisphenol A, but good for the other phenols. Although a single sample may provide a reasonable estimate of exposure for some phenols, collecting multiple urine samples during pregnancy is an option to reduce exposure measurement error in studies regarding the effects of phenol prenatal exposure on health. 
Galactomannan (GM) was recently included in consensus guidelines as an indirect mycological criterion for the diagnosis of invasive aspergillosis. Currently, there is an enzyme immunoassay available to detect GM in biological samples, the Platelia Aspergillus EIA. In this study, the reproducibility of positive results obtained using this assay was evaluated using serum samples from neutropenic patients. A trend toward lower values was observed, and 55%(27/49) of positive results were negative after retesting. A low reproducibility of positive results for the detection of GM in serum was observed. 
Interest in the relationship between one-carbon metabolism (OCM) and carcinogenesis is intensifying, leading to increased use of related biomarkers as measures of exposure. Little is known, however, about the intraindividual variation in these markers and whether or not the use of a single measure is appropriate for assessing exposure-disease relationships in epidemiologic studies. We evaluated the intraindividual variation in plasma concentrations of 19 OCM biomarkers in a sample of 147 African American and 68 non-Hispanic white participants from the Southern Community Cohort Study who donated blood samples and responded to questionnaires at two time points from 2005 to 2008. Weighted kappa coefficients () were calculated to assess the agreement between quartile assignments based on the repeated measures. Adjusted intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) were also used to assess the consistency of the two measurements. Most (16/19) OCM biomarkers showed a moderate or better agreement for quartile assignment at the two time points, with only methionine, methionine sulfoxide, and cystathionine having   0.40. The median-adjusted ICC across the 19 biomarkers was 0.60. Reproducibility was highest for flavin mononucleotide [ICC = 0.84, 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.79-0.87] and lowest for methionine and its oxidative product methionine sulfoxide (ICC = 0.22, 95% CI 0.09-0.34; ICC = 0.20, 95% CI 0.07-0.32, respectively). Overall, the intraindividual variation in OCM biomarkers was similar for African Americans and whites and for males and females. Our results suggest that with the exception of methionine and methionine sulfoxide, OCM biomarkers generally have good intraindividual reproducibility and can be considered as reliable exposure measures in epidemiologic studies.
BACKGROUND: Accurate quantification of albuminuria is important in the diagnosis and management of chronic kidney disease. The reference test, a timed urinary albumin excretion, is cumbersome and prone to collection errors. Spot urine albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) is convenient and commonly used, but random day-to-day variability in ACR measurements has not been assessed. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective cohort study of day-to-day variability in spot urine ACR measurements. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: Clinically stable outpatients (N=157) attending a university hospital clinic in Australia between July 2007 and April 2010. OUTCOMES: Spot urine ACR variability was assessed and repeatability limits were determined using fractional polynomials. MEASUREMENTS: ACRs were measured from spot urine samples collected at 9:00am on consecutive days and 24-hour urine albuminuria was measured concurrently. RESULTS: Paired ACRs were obtained from 157 patients (median age, 56 years; 60% men; median daily albumin excretion, 226 [range, 2.5-14,000] mg/d). Day-to-day variability was substantial and increased in absolute terms, but decreased in relative terms, with increasing baseline ACR. For patients with normoalbuminuria (ACR<3 mg/mmol [<27 mg/g]), a change greater than 467% (0-17 mg/mmol [0-150 mg/g]) is required to indicate a significant change in albuminuria status with 95% certainty; for those with microalbuminuria (ACR of 3-30 mg/mmol [27-265 mg/g]), a change of 170% (0-27 mg/mmol [0-239 mg/g]) is required; for those with macroalbuminuria (ACR>30 mg/mmol [>265 mg/g]), a change of 83% (5-55 mg/mmol [44-486 mg/g]) is required; and for those with nephrotic-range proteinuria (ACR>300 mg/mmol [>2,652 mg/g]), a change of 48% (158-443 mg/mmol [1,397-3,916 mg/g]) is needed to represent a significant change. LIMITATIONS: These study results need to be replicated in other ethnic groups. CONCLUSIONS: Changes in chronic kidney disease status attributed to therapy or disease progression, when based solely on a change in ACR, may be incorrect unless the potential for day-to-day biological variation has been considered. Only relatively large changes are likely to indicate a change in disease status. 
Gamma interferon (IFN-) release assays (IGRAs) are functional assays used serially to measure the efficacy of novel tuberculosis (TB) vaccines and to screen health care workers for latent tuberculosis infection (LTBI). However, studies have shown nonreproducible IGRA results. In this study, we investigated the effects of blood volume (0.8, 1.0, and 1.2 ml), tube shaking (gentle versus vigorous), and incubation duration (16, 20, and 24 h) on the reproducibility of QuantiFERON-TB Gold In-Tube (QFT-GIT) results for 50 subjects (33 uninfected and 17 infected). The median IFN- TB response (TB antigen [Ag] minus nil value) was significantly higher with 0.8 ml blood (1.04 IU/ml) than with 1.0 ml (0.85 IU/ml; P = 0.002) or 1.2 ml (0.49 IU/ml; P < 0.001) for subjects with LTBI. Compared with 0.8 ml (11.8%), there were larger proportions of false-negative results with 1.0 ml (29.4%; P = 0.2) and 1.2 ml (41.2%; P = 0.05) of blood for infected subjects. Blood volume did not significantly change the proportions of positive results in uninfected controls. Compared with gentle shaking, vigorous shaking increased the median IFN- response in nil (0.04 versus 0.06 IU/ml; P < 0.001) and TB Ag (0.12 versus 0.24 IU/ml; P = 0.004) tubes and increased TB responses (TB Agvigorous minus nilgentle) (0.02 versus 0.08 IU/ml; P = 0.004). The duration of incubation did not have a significant impact on the proportion of positive results in uninfected or infected subjects. This study identified blood volume and tube shaking as novel preanalytical sources of variability which require further standardization in order to improve the quality and reproducibility of QFT-GIT results. 
The serum N-glycome is a promising source of biomarker discovery. Matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight (MALDI-TOF) mass spectrometry (MS) profiling of serum N-glycans was attempted for differentiating borderline ovarian tumor from benign cases, for which a low data spread is essential. An experimental protocol using matrix-prespotted MALDI plates and fast vacuum drying of the loaded N-glycan samples was developed, thereby minimizing the intensity variations in the replicates to an average relative standard deviation (RSD) of 3.96% for the highest N-glycan peak (m/z 1485.53) of the Sigma-Aldrich serum standard. When applied to sera of ovarian tumors, this procedure exhibited an average RSD of 5.74% for m/z 1485.53 and of 7.28% for all MS peaks. This improved reproducibility combined with the OVA-Beyond() screening software resulted in 75.1% and 79.4% correct classification for benign and borderline tumor samples, respectively, while the classification rates by the conventional ovarian tumor marker CA-125 were 54.4% and 53.1%, respectively. Both true positive rate and true negative rate fluctuated with small numbers of markers and converged as the number of markers increased. Cross-validations were performed in comparison with CA-125. These results suggest that our optimized process for MALDI-TOF MS of the serum glycome has a great potential for the screening of early stage ovarian cancer.
OBJECTIVES: To analyse the determinants of raltegravir CSF penetration, including the pharmacogenetics of drug transporters located at the blood-brain barrier or blood-CSF barrier. METHODS: Plasma and CSF raltegravir concentrations were determined by a validated HPLC coupled with mass spectrometry method in adults on raltegravir-based combination antiretroviral therapy undergoing a lumbar puncture. Single nucleotide polymorphisms in the genes encoding drugs transporters (ABCB1 3435, SLCO1A2, ABCC2 and SLC22A6) and the gene encoding hepatocyte nuclear factor 4  (HNF4) were determined by real-time PCR. RESULTS: In 41 patients (73.2% male, 95.1% Caucasians), the median raltegravir plasma and CSF concentrations were 165 ng/mL (83-552) and 31 ng/mL (21-56), respectively. CSF-to-plasma ratios (CPRs) ranged from 0.005 to 1.33 (median 0.20, IQR 0.04-0.36). Raltegravir trough CSF concentrations (n = 35) correlated with raltegravir plasma levels ( = 0.395, P = 0.019); CPRs were higher in patients with blood-brain barrier damage (0.47 versus 0.18, P = 0.02). HNF4 613 CG genotype carriers had lower trough CSF concentrations (20 versus 37 ng/mL, P = 0.03) and CPRs (0.12 versus 0.27, P = 0.02). Following multivariate linear regression analysis, the CSF-to-serum albumin ratio was the only independent predictor of raltegravir penetration into the CSF. CONCLUSIONS: Raltegravir penetration into the CSF shows a large interpatient variability, although CSF concentrations were above the wild-type IC50 in all patients (and above IC95 in 28.6%). In this cohort, blood-brain barrier permeability is the only independent predictor of raltegravir CPR. The impact of single nucleotide polymorphisms in selected genes on raltegravir penetration warrants further studies. 
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is the most commonly diagnosed and studied cognitive and behavioral disorder in school-age children. The etiology of ADHD and ADHD-related behavior is unclear, but genetic and environmental factors, such as pesticides, have been hypothesized. The objective of this study was to investigate the relationship between in utero exposure to chlorpyrifos, chlorpyrifos-methyl, and/or 3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridinol (TCPY) and ADHD in school-age Mexican children using TCPY as a biomarker of exposure. The temporal reliability of repeated maternal urinary TCPY concentrations across trimesters was also explored (N=21). To explore associations with ADHD-related outcomes in children, third trimester urinary TCPY concentrations in were measured in 187 mother-child pairs from a prospective birth cohort. Child neurodevelopment in children 6-11 years of age was assessed using Conners' Parental Rating Scales-Revised (CRS-R), Conners' Continuous Performance Test (CPT), and Behavior Assessment System for Children-2 (BASC-2). Multivariable linear regression models were used to test relationships for all children combined and also stratified by sex. Intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) calculations were based on a random effects model. The ICC was 0.41 for uncorrected TCPY, and ranged from 0.29 to 0.32 for specific gravity-corrected TCPY. We did not observe any statistically significant associations between tertiles of maternal TCPY concentrations and ADHD-related outcomes in children. However, compared to the lowest tertile we found suggestive evidence for increased ADHD index in the highest TCPY tertile in boys (=5.55 points; 95% CI (-0.19, 11.3); p=0.06) and increased attention problems for the middle tertile in girls (=5.81 points; 95% CI (-0.75, 12.4); p=0.08). Considering the continued widespread agricultural and possible residential use of chlorpyrifos and chlorpyrifos-methyl in Mexico and the educational implications of cognitive and behavior deficits, these relationships deserve further study. 
PURPOSE: To evaluate the repeatability of MRI-derived relative blood volume (RBV) measurements in mouse kidneys across subjects and days and to evaluate sensitivity of this approach to renal pathology. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A 7 Tesla MRI system and an intravascular iron-oxide contrast agent were used to acquire spin-echo-based renal RBV maps in 10 healthy mice on 2 consecutive days. Renal RBV maps were also acquired in the Alport and unilateral ureteral obstruction mouse models of renal disease. RESULTS: The average renal RBV measured on consecutive days was 19.97  1.50 and 19.86  1.62, yielding a concordance correlation coefficient of 0.94, indicating that this approach is highly repeatable. In the disease models, the RBV values were regionally dissimilar and substantially lower than those found in control mice. CONCLUSION: In vivo renal iron-oxide-based RBV mapping in mice complements the physiological information obtained from conventional assays of kidney function and could shed new insights into the pathological mechanisms of kidney disease. 
When selecting the least biased exposure surrogate, for example, the concentration of a biomarker in a urine sample, information on variability must be taken into consideration. We used mixed-effects models to estimate the variability and determinants of urinary cadmium (U-Cd) excretion using spot urine samples collected at six fixed times during 2 days about 1 week apart, from 24 healthy non-smokers. The urine samples were analysed for U-Cd, the concentrations were adjusted for dilution, and the excretion rates were calculated. Between-individual variability dominated the total variability for most measures of U-Cd excretion, especially for 24h urine and first morning samples. The U-Cd excretion showed a circadian rhythm during the day, and time point of sampling was a significant factor in the mixed-effects models, thus a standardised sampling time, such as first morning urine samples, needs to be applied. Gender, urinary flow rate, age, and urinary protein excretions were also significant determinants for U-Cd excretion. The choice of biomarker for U-Cd excretion was found to be more important in individually-based studies of exposure-response relationships than in studies of comparing Cd levels of groups. When planning a study, this variability of U-Cd in spot samples must be acknowledged. 
Subjects with normal glucose regulation (NGR), whose 1-h postload plasma glucose is 8.6 mmol/L (155 mg/dL, NGR 1 h  8.6) during 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), have an increased risk of type 2 diabetes and subclinical organ damage. And, the deficiency in islet  cell function is responsible for glycemic disorders. The purpose of this study is to investigate glycemic variability in NGR subjects with elevated 1-h postload plasma glucose levels and its association with islet  cell function. The 29 NGR subjects with 1-h postload plasma glucose 8.6 mmol/L (NGR 1 h  8.6) and 29 age- and sex-matched NGR subjects with 1-h postload plasma glucose <8.6 mmol/L (NGR 1 h < 8.6) were recruited in the study. Insulin sensitivity (Matsuda index, ISI), insulin secretion (insulinogenic index I30/G30), and integrated  cell function measured by the oral disposition index (I30/G30 multiplied by the ISI) were derived from OGTT. All subjects were monitored using the continuous glucose monitoring system for consecutive 72 h. The multiple parameters of glycemic variability included the standard deviation of blood glucose (SDBG), mean blood glucose (MBG), mean of daily differences (MODD), and mean amplitude of glycemic excursions (MAGE). MAGE is considered as a gold standard of glycemic variability. Glycemic variability parameters SDBG, MBG, MODD, and MAGE in NGR 1 h  8.6 group were higher than those in NGR 1 h < 8.6 group (p < 0.05), and oral disposition index in NGR 1 h  8.6 group was lower than that in NGR 1 h < 8.6 group (p < 0.05). SDBG, MBG, MODD, MAGE, and 1-h postload plasma glucose all negatively associated with oral disposition index in the separate group (p < 0.05) and in the whole subjects (p < 0.05). After multivariate regression analysis, oral disposition index was the strongest independent contributor to MAGE and 1-h postload plasma glucose in the separate group (p < 0.05) and in the whole subjects (p < 0.05). It is concluded that NGR 1 h  8.6 group had higher glycemic variability and lower oral disposition index, compared with NGR 1 h < 8.6 group. Increased glycemic variability parameters and elevated 1-h postload plasma glucose consistently associated with declined oral disposition index in subjects from NGR 1 h < 8.6 to NGR 1 h  8.6 group.
Diabetes is characterized by glycaemic disorders that include both sustained chronic hyperglycaemia and acute fluctuations (i.e. glycaemic variability). Increasing attention is being paid to the role of glycaemic variability as a relevant determinant for diabetes control and prevention of its vascular complications. As a consequence, it is strongly suggested that a global antidiabetic strategy should be aimed at reducing to a minimum the different components of glycaemic control (i.e. HbA1c, fasting and postprandial glucose, as well as glycaemic variability). Subjects at risk of hypoglycaemia, subjects with postprandial hyperglycaemia and patients who need to adjust or start insulin seem to be the categories that require glycaemic variability monitoring. The analysis of blood glucose variability represents an additional tool in the global assessment of glycaemic control and can serve as a guide to the clinician in the management of therapy and for the patients both in the prevention of acute complications, in particular hypoglycaemia, and chronic disease, in particular macrovascular complications. 
BACKGROUND: Associations of bisphenol A and phthalates with chronic disease health outcomes are increasingly being investigated in epidemiologic studies. The majority of previous studies of within-person variability in urinary bisphenol A and phthalate metabolite concentrations have focused on reproducibility over short time periods. Long-term reproducibility data are needed to assess the potential usefulness of these biomarkers for prospective studies, particularly those examining risk of diseases with long latency periods. Low within-person reproducibility may attenuate relative risk estimates and reduce statistical power to detect associations with disease. Therefore, we assessed within-person reproducibility of bisphenol A, eight phthalate metabolites, and phthalic acid in spot urine samples over 1 to 3years among women enrolled in two large cohort studies. METHODS: Women in the Nurses' Health Study and Nurses' Health Study II provided two spot urine samples, 1 to 3years apart (n=80 women for analyses of bisphenol A; n=40 women for analyses of phthalate metabolites; n=34 women for analyses of phthalic acid). To measure within-person reproducibility, we calculated Spearman rank correlation coefficients and intraclass correlation coefficients for creatinine-adjusted concentrations of bisphenol A, phthalate metabolites, and phthalic acid. RESULTS: Over 1 to 3years, within-person variability of bisphenol A was high relative to total variability (intraclass correlation coefficient=0.14) and rankings of bisphenol A levels between time-points were weakly correlated (Spearman correlation=0.19). Seven of the eight phthalate metabolites and phthalic acid demonstrated moderate within-person stability over time (Spearman correlation or intraclass correlation coefficient=0.39-0.55). Restricting analyses to first-morning urine samples did not alter results. CONCLUSIONS: Single measurements of bisphenol A in spot urine samples were highly variable within women over 1 to 3years, indicating that investigation of associations between a single urinary bisphenol A measurement and disease risk may be challenging in epidemiologic studies. The majority of urinary phthalate metabolites and phthalic acid appeared moderately reproducible within women over time, suggesting single measurements may be useful in epidemiologic studies, although observed relative risks can be substantially attenuated. 
Although the degradome, which comprises proteolytic fragments of blood proteins, presents a potential source of diagnostic biomarkers, studies on cancer peptide biomarkers have provided inconsistent conclusions. In the present study, we reevaluated the usefulness of serum degradome analyses for searching peptide cancer biomarker candidates. Particular attention was paid to pre-analytical factors influencing the variability of determined peptide levels, including clotting time and control group selection. Studies were conducted on 44 and 86 serum samples collected from cancer patients and healthy individuals, respectively, using liquid chromatography electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (LC-ESI-MS)-based analyses. We identified 1373 unique peptides, nearly 40% of which originated from five blood proteins: fibrinogen alpha chain, apolipoprotein A-IV (APOA4), complement C3, apolipoprotein A-I, and alpha-1-antitrypsin. A set of 118 and 88 peptides exhibited highly significant differences (adjusted p-value  0.01 and fold change  2) in pair-wise comparisons of control vs. prostate cancer and control vs. colorectal cancer, respectively, with 37 peptides displaying a consistent direction of change for these pair-wise comparisons. The levels of 67 peptides differed significantly in serum samples collected from healthy individuals immediately prior to colonoscopy and those who underwent colonoscopic examination at least four weeks earlier. Of them, 49 peptides originated from APOA4. Whereas earlier studies, including ours, have utilized fragments of fibrinopeptide A (FPA) to distinguish cancer from healthy cases, here we show that their absolute abundance is a sensitive indicator of clotting time. These observations may have implications for future serum peptidome studies since these issues have not previously been recognized.
The accumulation of trace elements (Mg, Mn, Sr, Ba) in Unio pictorum L. mussel shells from Lake Balaton has been assessed using a Laser Ablation (LA) system coupled to either a quadrupole-based or a sector-field inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometer (ICP - MS), as well as by a combination of micro-drill sampling and solution ICP-MS. The LA-ICP-MS measurements were carried out in the holes made by the micro-drilling system. The longitudinal concentration profiles obtained with the different methods show similar patterns. However, the absolute concentrations determined at individual spots (holes) can be quite different. Especially Ba shows erratic peaks at a very small spatial scale. A paired, two-sample t-test between LA-ICP-MS longitudinal profiles and between LA-ICP-MS and micro-drill/solution ICP-MS profiles indicates that, in most cases, there is no significant difference between the concentration profiles of Ba, Mg, Mn and Sr. Average shell concentrations of Mg, Mn, Sr and Ba, as obtained by LA-ICP-MS and micro-drill/solution ICP-MS, compare well with bulk shell concentrations as obtained by acid digestion/ICP-MS of larger shell pieces. Next to the four elements mentioned above, also the concentrations of Cd, Co, Cr, Cu, Ni, Pb and Zn could be determined by bulk shell analysis. The element concentrations in 11 shells, all sampled at the same site, show a relative standard deviation (RSD) between 2% (Ni) and 46% (Zn). LA-ICP-MS and micro-drill solution ICP-MS are not sensitive enough for the determination of ultra-trace elements in Lake Balaton's mussel shells. We estimated the amount of shell material necessary to determine Ni, Pb, Cr and Cu by micro-drilling ICP-MS (for a concentration that equals 3 times their limit of detection) at, respectively, 0.04, 0.82, 2.7 and 0.4 mg, while the amount sampled by micro-drilling is about 0.06 mg.
BACKGROUND: Current assessment of sport-related concussion involves a multifaceted approach including neurocognitive testing, symptom report, and balance assessment. Lacking from this paradigm is a truly objective measure of the physiological changes associated with concussion. NEW METHOD: A device called the Brain Acoustic Monitor (BAM) has been developed to detect cerebral blood flow changes resulting from traumatic brain injury by amplification and comparison of sound waves created by cerebral arteries and a reference artery. The reliability of its measures is unknown, limiting its use in day-to-day assessment of concussion. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to determine the inter- and intra-rater reliability associated with BAM measures. Twenty healthy participants were assessed on two occasions, separated by at least 24h. Ten subjects were measured during the initial session by two assessors for inter-rater comparisons. Measures of positive-to-negative signal deflection (ratio) and frequency divergence from a reference arterial signal (divergence) were calculated and analyzed using Intra-class correlations (2,1). RESULTS: Inter-rater reliability ranged from poor to excellent, showing greater reliability in right brain vs. left brain measures. Intra-rater reliability was similar with a range of poor to good. COMPARISON WITH EXISTING METHODS: These findings are comparable to the reliability of current methods of concussion assessment, specifically neurocognitive testing. CONCLUSION: All BAM values obtained in our healthy subjects were well below scores that would reflect potential head injury. These findings emphasize the potential usefulness of this device in future research concerning serial measurement of cerebral perfusion pressure changes associated with sport concussion. 
We compared by non-invasive technique the adaptive response of alveolar capillary network to edemagenic conditions (exercise and high altitude [HA, PIO2 107mmHg] in subjects with different resting sea level (SL) capillary blood volume (normalized to alveolar volume, Vc/Va): Group 1 (N=10, Vc/Va=16.16.8ml/L- meanSD) and Group 2 (N=10, Vc/Va=257.7). In Group 1 Vc/Va remained unchanged in HA at rest and increased during exercise at SL (26.38.6) and HA (28.7510.2); in Group 2 Vc/Va significantly decreased in HA (196) and did not increase in exercise at SL and HA. We hypothesize that Group2 exerts a tight control on Vc/Va being more exposed to the risk of lung edema due to inborn greater microvascular permeability. Conversely, Group 1 appears more resistant to lung edema given the large capillary recruitment in the most edemagenic condition. The 4-fold increase in frequency dependence of respiratory resistance in Group2 in HA stems for greater proneness for lung water perturbation compared to Group 1. 
BACKGROUND: There is no consensus on darunavir (DRV) target levels in plasma for clinical use, and information about variability in plasma concentrations is limited. AIM: : To investigate the variability in DRV plasma trough concentrations in the clinical setting, evaluating interindividual and intraindividual variabilities of plasma drug levels among HIV-infected patients receiving ritonavir (RTV)-boosted DRV (DRV/r) within salvage regimens, and evaluate the potential correlation between variability and virological response. METHODS: Sixty-two patients taking DRV/r (600/100 mg twice a day) were evaluated for trough plasma concentrations and immunovirological parameters after 6 months from the start of the regimen. A subgroup of patients (n = 21) was also evaluated for intraindividual variability (expressed as coefficient of variation) on 2 samples taken at different time points. Drug concentrations were assayed by high-performance liquid chromatography with ultraviolet detection, and the values were expressed as medians with interquartile range (IQR). Genotypic sensitivity score and genotypic inhibitory quotient were calculated. RESULTS: DRV/r was used with a median of 3 other antiretroviral drugs (raltegravir use 88.7%). Median plasma concentrations were 3.22 mcg/mL (IQR, 2.04-5.69) for DRV and 0.44 mcg/mL (IQR, 0.21-0.70) for RTV. Both drugs showed a high interindividual variability in plasma concentrations (61% and 99.3%, respectively). Only 3 patients (4.8%) had undetectable DRV plasma levels. DRV plasma concentrations showed a significant positive correlation with age (r = 0.298, P = 0.019), but no significant correlation between DRV genotypic inhibitory quotient and HIV-RNA plasma levels (P = 0.614) was found. Intraindividual coefficients of variation were 58.4% for DRV and 47.1% for RTV. Patients with undetectable HIV-RNA showed a trend for lower intraindividual coefficients of variation compared with patients with detectable HIV-RNA (55.9% versus 83.8%, P = 0.156). No major interaction effects with other antiretroviral drugs were found. CONCLUSIONS: In a context of salvage therapy, both DRV and RTV plasma levels showed high interindividual and intraindividual variabilities. Lower intraindividual variability could be beneficial in maintaining viral suppression. 
BACKGROUND: Elevated IS response was observed in 22 out of 157 mouse plasma samples in a 3-month toxicity study. This initiated a root cause investigation. RESULTS: Mass spectra revealed that taurocholic acid (TCA) was present in the samples, partially eluted overlapping the analyte peak. An enhanced IS response (> twofold) was reproduced by injecting TCA together with the IS. Tests with five other drug compounds showed compound dependent matrix effects on ESI; enhancement as well as suppression. The matrix effects did not affect the integrity of study results, most likely due to the use of a 13C-labeled IS. CONCLUSION: The variability of TCA levels in plasma as well as the observed instability of the chromatographic retention complicates the evaluation of TCA-induced matrix effects during method development. Thus, monitoring the IS response in incurred samples is a useful tool to evaluate the performance of a validated method. 
OBJECTIVE: Variation in thyroid hormone (TH) concentrations between subjects is greater than in a single subject over a prolonged period of time, suggesting an individual set point for thyroid function. We have previously shown that TH levels within normal range are associated with clinical indices such as bone mass, BMI, and heart rate. The aim of this study on young men was therefore to gain insight into the determinants of variation in TH levels among healthy subjects. METHODS: Healthy male siblings (n=941, 25-45 years) were recruited in a cross-sectional, population-based study; a history or treatment of thyroid disease and thyroid auto-immunity were exclusion criteria. A complete assessment of TH status was performed (TSH, free thyroxine (FT4), free triiodothyronine (FT3), thyroperoxidase, and thyroglobulin antibodies, reverse T3 (rT3), thyroid-binding globulin (TBG), and urinary iodine levels). Genotyping was performed by TaqMan and KASP (KBiosciences) genotyping assays. RESULTS: (F)T4, rT3, and TBG had heritability estimates between 80 and 90%. Estimates were lower for (F)T3 (60%) and lowest for TSH (49%). Significant associations were observed between different single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the thyroid pathway and TSH, FT4, ratio FT3:FT4, and rT3. Nevertheless, these SNPs only explain a limited part of the heredity. As to age and lifestyle-related factors, (F)T3 was negatively related to age and education level, positively to smoking and BMI (all P<0.0001) but not substantially to urinary iodine concentrations. Smoking was also negatively related to TSH and positively to FT4. CONCLUSION: Both genetic and lifestyle-related factors play a role in determining between-subject variation in TH levels in euthyroid young men, although genetic factors seem most important. 
Ghrelin is a 28-amino acid peptide produced mainly by mucosal neuroendocrine cells lining the fundus of the stomach. Preclinical and clinical studies suggest that ghrelin plays a role in alcoholism. Furthermore, human laboratory studies indicate that acute oral administration of alcohol results in reduced circulating ghrelin. As ghrelin is primarily produced in the stomach, one question never previously explored is whether alcohol administered intravenously (IV) results in similar decrease in ghrelin levels. Thus, this study analyzed the potential effects of IV alcohol administration on plasma ghrelin levels in healthy nonsmoking social drinkers (n=44) who received either a 180-min IV infusion of 6% (v/v) alcohol or 0.9% normal saline in two separate counterbalanced sessions. At each session, participants arrived having fasted for ~7 h and received a light breakfast 60 min before the infusion. The percent change (%) in ghrelin levels was 4.5-fold less in the alcohol condition than the saline condition. In fact, there was only a modest change in ghrelin levels from baseline in the IV alcohol condition (9.6%ghrelin) while in the IV saline condition there was a robust change (43.4%ghrelin). There was a trend toward significance in %ghrelin in the alcohol condition compared to the placebo condition (F[1,33]=3.3, p=0.07). While the exact mechanisms by which alcohol influences ghrelin levels are unclear, alcohol may act directly in the stomach by inhibiting ghrelin secretion and/or release, and may also attenuate ghrelin levels systemically. Although IV alcohol did not reduce circulating ghrelin levels, as seen in previous studies with oral alcohol administration, the present findings suggest that, despite bypassing the stomach, alcohol still attenuated circulating ghrelin levels, i.e. the fasting-induced increase in circulating ghrelin was blunted by IV alcohol administration. These findings lead us to hypothesize that alcohol might affect ghrelin signaling not only via a local effect on the stomach mucosa, but also via a systemic effect.
Portable hemoglobinometers are used to determine hemoglobin level, but there are conflicting reports regarding their accuracy. The aim of this study was to compare results from two portable hemoglobinometers (HemoCue and Hemo-Control) with an automated hematology analyzer (Sysmex XE-2100D) to determine if the screening of blood donors is reliable. A total of 426 blood donors' samples were studied and on average the Hb content measured in capillary blood samples was higher than that found in venous blood samples. Hemoglobinometers can be employed as a method to screen blood donors, but critical values should be confirmed in an automated hematology analyzer.
BACKGROUND: Cord blood serum (CBS)-based eye drops are successfully used in corneal epithelial wound healing and are prepared to supply a known amount of epidermal growth factor (EGF). Product standardisation includes expensive EGF dosage in all cord blood (CB) units. The influence of donor obstetric and haematological characteristics on EGF content was evaluated, to exclude unsuitable CBS and pre-select those CB units able to provide the correct EGF supply for healing corneal wounds. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Data were retrospectively collected from 135 donors included in the Emilia Romagna Cord Blood Bank records. Obstetric characteristics, parity and gestational age of the mother, sex, birth weight and Apgar score of the neonate, placental weight, duration of labour and mode of delivery were considered. Haematological characteristics, CD34+ cell number, and total nucleated cell, white blood cell and platelet counts were recorded. EGF content in CB units was estimated by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Statistical evaluation was performed by Mann-Whitney unpaired and Student's t tests. Correlations between variables were evaluated by using Pearson's (r) or Spearman's () correlation coefficients. RESULTS: EGF content was significantly higher in CBS from donors aged <30 years and after vaginal deliveries as compared with scheduled Caesarean sections (1,386580 vs 1,106391 pg/mL; P=0.002). EGF content was significantly correlated with duration of labour (r=0.45; P=0.0001), number of CD34+ cells/mL (r=0.3; P=0.002) particularly in vaginal deliveries (r=0.36; P=0.003), mother's age (-0.25; P=0.005), neonate's birth weight (r=0.27; P=0.005), and total nucleated cell (r=0.25; P=0.006), white cell (r=0.29; P=0.001) and platelet (r=0.24; P=0.009) counts. No significant correlations were found between EGF content and parity, gestational age, placental weight, neonate's sex or Apgar scores. DISCUSSION: EGF levels are higher in CB units from younger mothers (<30 years), with longer labour duration (>6 hours), and higher CD34+ cell content (>0.0510(6)/mL). In order to optimise the preparation and costs of CBS-based eye drops, pre-selection of CB units is recommended. 
BACKGROUND: We have developed a PCR-based tool that measures a 51-gene panel for identification of gastroenteropancreatic (GEP) neuroendocrine neoplasms (NENs) in peripheral blood. This manuscript assesses the robustness (performance metrics) of this tool with a specific focus on the effects of individual parameters including collection, storage, acid suppressive medication [proton pump inhibitor (PPI)], age, sex, race and food on accuracy. METHODS: Performance metrics were evaluated using a gold standard (mRNA derived from three individual human neuroendocrine tumor cell lines) and clinical samples using qPCR. RESULTS: One hundred percent of the 51 transcripts were amplified in the gold standard (NEN cell line-derived mRNA) (CQ<35, average efficiency 1.94). The inter- and intra-assay variations were 1%-2%. In clinical samples, 50 of 51 targets (98%) were amplified. The inter- and intra-assay reproducibility ranged between 0.4% and 1.2%. The coefficient of variation (CV) was 5.3%. Expression of the reference gene, ALG9, was robust [low variation, low M-value, high (99.5%) PCR efficiency] and unaffected by sample processing. Test meals, long-term PPI use (>1 year), age, sex and ethnicity had no effect on the signature. Expression of two genes, ALP2 and CD59 correlated strongly with RNA integrity (R=0.72, p<0.001) and could be used to assess storage and processing. CONCLUSIONS: The 51 marker gene signature was robust and reproducible, exhibiting acceptable inter- and intra-assay metrics (<5%). Feeding, PPI intake, age, sex and ethnicity do not affect the signature. Expression levels of APLP2 and CD59 are effective surrogate markers of proper sample collection and processing. 
Meperidine (Demerol()) is a mu- and kappa-opiate receptor agonist used for moderate to severe pain. Overdose can result in respiratory depression, hypotension and coma, while accumulation of its toxic metabolite, normeperidine, can cause delirium and seizures. Little data exist examining the inter- and intrasubject variability of the normeperidine-to-meperidine metabolic ratio (MR) in urine. This retrospective data analysis examined meperidine and normeperidine urine concentrations collected from chronic pain patients. In 98 subjects with multiple visits, the geometric mean urinary MR = 6.1 (coefficient of variation, %CV = 68%). From single specimens obtained from 799 subjects, the geometric mean urinary MR = 6.2 (%CV = 212%). The urinary MR increased in young subjects compared with elderly (P = 0.004) and middle-aged subjects (P = 0.01). A 27% difference was found between the male and female urinary MR (male geometric mean MR = 5.1, female geometric mean MR = 7.0, P = 0.02). Intersubject variability in meperidine metabolism was 3-fold greater than intrasubject variability. A significant difference in the urinary MR was found between males and females. The substantial variability in meperidine metabolism and the serious side effects of its metabolite normeperidine require greater vigilance in patient medication monitoring. 
BACKGROUND: Phthalate contamination exists in the North Coast karst aquifer system in Puerto Rico. In light of potential health impacts associated with phthalate exposure, targeted action for elimination of exposure sources may be warranted, especially for sensitive populations such as pregnant women. However, information on exposure to phthalates from a variety of sources in Puerto Rico is lacking. The objective of this study was to determine concentrations and predictors of urinary phthalate biomarkers measured at multiple times during pregnancy among women living in the Northern karst area of Puerto Rico. METHODS: We recruited 139 pregnant women in Northern Puerto Rico and collected urine samples and questionnaire data at three separate visits (18  2 weeks, 22  2 weeks, and 26  2 weeks of gestation). Urine samples were analyzed for eleven phthalate metabolites: mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP), mono-2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl phthalate, mono-2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl phthalate, mono-2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl phthalate, mono-ethyl phthalate (MEP), mono-n-butyl phthalate, mono-benzyl phthalate, mono-isobutyl phthalate, mono-3-carboxypropyl phthalate (MCPP), mono carboxyisononyl phthalate (MCNP), and mono carboxyisooctyl phthalate (MCOP). RESULTS: Detectable concentrations of phthalate metabolites among pregnant women living in Puerto Rico was prevalent, and metabolite concentrations tended to be higher than or similar to those measured in women of reproductive age from the general US population. Intraclass correlation coefficients ranged from very weak (MCNP; 0.05) to moderate (MEP; 0.44) reproducibility among all phthalate metabolites. We observed significant or suggestive positive associations between urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations and water usage/storage habits (MEP, MCNP, MCOP), use of personal care products (MEP), and consumption of certain food items (MCPP, MCNP, and MCOP). CONCLUSIONS: To our knowledge this is the first study to report concentrations, temporal variability, and predictors of phthalate biomarkers among pregnant women in Puerto Rico. Preliminary results suggest several potentially important exposure sources to phthalates in this population and future analysis from this ongoing prospective cohort will help to inform targeted approaches to reduce exposure. 
The aims of the present study were to evaluate the variability of pharmacokinetics of flecainide in young Japanese patients and to investigate the mechanisms of renal excretion and intestinal absorption of the drug using cultured epithelial cells. First the plasma concentration data of flecainide was analysed in 16 Japanese patients aged between 0.07 and 18.30years using a one-compartment model. Considerable interindividual variability was observed in the oral clearance (CL/F) and the apparent volume of distribution (V/F) of flecainide in the young patients. Flecainide was transported selectively in the basolateral-to-apical direction in P-glycoprotein-expressing renal epithelial LLC-GA5-COL150 cell monolayers. The uptake of flecainide into intestinal epithelial LS180 cells was decreased significantly by acidification of the extracellular medium, and was inhibited by tertiary amines, such as diphenhydramine and quinidine. These findings in the present study suggest that flecainide is excreted by P-glycoprotein in the renal tubule and is taken up by the postulated H(+)/tertiary amine antiporter in the intestine, and that functional variability of not only the hepatic drug-metabolizing enzymes, but also the transporters in the kidney and intestine, may be responsible for the interindividual variability of systemic clearance (CL) and/or the bioavailability (F) of flecainide.
Quantitation in plasma-based proteomics necessitates the reproducible removal of highly abundant proteins to enable the less abundant proteins to be visible to the mass spectrometer. We have evaluated immunodepletion (proteoprep20) and enrichment (Bio-Rad beads), as the current predominant approaches. Label-free analysis offers an opportunity to estimate the effectiveness of this approach without incorporating chemical labels. Human plasma samples were used to quantitatively assess the reproducibility of these two methods using nano-LC-data-independent acquisition MS. We have selected 18 candidate proteins and a comparison of both methodologies showed that both of the methods were reproducible and fell below 20% residual SD. With the same candidate proteins, individual inter-day variability for the samples was also processed, allowing us to monitor instrument reproducibility. Overall, a total of 131 proteins were identified by both methods with 272 proteins identified by enrichment and 200 identified by immunodepletion. Reproducibility of measurements of the amount of protein in the processed sample for individual proteins is within analytically acceptable standards for both methodologies. This enables both methods to be used for biomarker studies. However, when sample is limited, enrichment is not suitable as larger volumes (>1.0 mL) are required. In experiments where sample is not limited then a greater number of proteins can be reliably identified using enrichment. 
STUDY QUESTION: What are the characteristics of, and how variable are, individual normal menstrual cycle profiles of excretion rates for the urinary metabolites oestrone glucuronide (E1G) and pregnanediol glucuronide (PdG)? SUMMARY ANSWER: There is a continuum of menstrual cycle profiles that differ from standard textbook profiles but which can be understood simply in terms of growth, atresia and ovulation of ovarian follicles. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Point-of-care assays with the Ovarian Monitor pre-coated assay tubes, using urine samples diluted to a constant volume per unit time, give laboratory accurate clinical data for individual menstrual cycles. Lay operators can perform the point-of-care assay system at home to achieve reliable and reproducible results, which can be used for natural family planning. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This prospective study involved 62 women, with normal menstrual cycles, recruited from three centres: Palmerston North, New Zealand, Sydney, Australia and Santiago, Chile. The study lasted 3 years. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Women collected daily urine samples and determined their E1G and PdG rates with a pre-coated enzyme assay system known as the Ovarian Monitor. For two cycles, the assays were repeated in a study centre and the results were averaged to give 113 individual menstrual cycles for analysis. The cycles were displayed individually in a proprietary database program. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: The individual normal hormonal profiles were more complex than the classic composite curves for 40% of the cycles. Of 113 ostensibly normal cycles, only 91 were potentially fertile and 22 had some luteal phase defect. The oestrone glucuronide and PdG excretion rates were reliable and informative in the non-invasive elucidation of ovulation and ovarian function for both simple and complex profiles. Daily monitoring revealed the variability of normal menstrual cycle profiles. The LH peaks were variable and ambiguous markers for ovulation. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The study consisted of cycles only from women with regular cycles of 20-40 days duration. All the women were intending to avoid a pregnancy during the study thus the limits of the fertile window were not tested. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: The principles established in this study should apply to cycles of any length. All peaks in oestrone glucuronide excretion should be tested by concurrent measurements of PdG, which gives a positive indication of the fate of the follicle it represents. The Ovarian Monitor provides a useful addition for practitioners of natural family planning. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): Financial support for this study was obtained from the UNDP/UNFPA/World Bank/WHO Special Programme of Research, Development and Research Training in Human Reproduction (HRP). D.G.C. is currently employed by and holds stock in Manawatu Diagnostics Ltd, a company in the development phase of a potentially competing product. The remaining authors have nothing to declare. 
The development and validation of a LC-MS/MS method is often performed using pooled human plasma, which may fail to account for variations in interindividual matrices. Since calibrator standards and quality control samples are routinely prepared in pooled human plasma, variations in the extraction recovery and/or matrix effect between pooled plasma and individual patient plasma can cause erroneous measurements. Using both pooled human plasma as well as individual healthy donor and cancer patient plasma samples, we evaluated the analytical performance of two classes of internal standards (i.e., non-isotope-labeled and isotope-labeled) in the quantitative LC-MS/MS analysis of lapatinib. After exhaustive extraction with organic solvent, the recovery of lapatinib, a highly plasma protein-bound drug, varied up to 2.4-fold (range, 29-70%) in 6 different donors of plasma and varied up to 3.5-fold (range, 16-56%) in the pretreatment plasma samples from 6 cancer patients. No apparent matrix effects were observed for lapatinib in both pooled and individual donor or patient plasma samples. The calibration curve range was 5-5000ng/ml of lapatinib in plasma. Both the non-isotope-labeled (zileuton) and isotope-labeled (lapatinib-d3) internal standard methods showed acceptable specificity, accuracy (within 10010%), and precision (<11%) in the determination of lapatinib in pooled human plasma. Nevertheless, only the isotope-labeled internal standard could correct for the interindividual variability in the recovery of lapatinib from patient plasma samples. As inter- and intra-patient matrix variability is commonly presented in the clinical setting, this study provides an example underscoring the importance of using a stable isotope-labeled internal standard in quantitative LC-MS/MS analysis for therapeutic drug monitoring or pharmacokinetic evaluation. 
BACKGROUND: Patients undergoing radical cystectomy (RC) for urothelial carcinoma of the bladder (UCB) are at risk for upper urinary tract recurrence (UUTR), especially in case of carcinoma in situ (CIS). Data on the impact of CIS in the urinary bladder on ureteral tumour involvement or UUTR are conflicting. We presently evaluate the accuracy of intraoperative frozen section analysis (FSA) of the ureteral margin, the incidence of ureteral tumour involvement and their impact on UUTR in patients undergoing RC for UCB with versus without CIS of the bladder. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Between 2003 and 2007, 243 patients underwent RC in our department. 176 of these for UCB, either without CIS (n = 117, group I) or solitary/concomitant CIS (n = 59, group II). FSA was performed. Patients were followed up for UUTR. RESULTS: Overall, 403 ureteral margins--including re-resections--were analysed (group I, n = 232; group II, n = 171). One patient (0.85%) in group I and 21 patients (35.6%) in group II had tumour involvement of the ureter (p < 0.0001) at the time of RC. The false-negative rate of FSA compared to final histopathology was 0.4% (1/232) for group I and 2.9% (5/171) for group II, respectively. Mean duration of follow-up was 26 months (1-72). In group II, 2 patients (1.1%) had UUTR in the follow-up; both had initially positive and subsequently false-negative FSA. CONCLUSIONS: Tumour involvement of the ureter is found significantly more often in solitary or concomitant CIS of the bladder. Intraoperative ureteral FSA is accurate and should be recommended in these patients. Ureteral tumour involvement predisposes to UUTR especially with initial positive margins mandating careful follow-up. 
BACKGROUND: Systems for self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) have to provide accurate and reproducible blood glucose (BG) values in order to ensure adequate therapeutic decisions by people with diabetes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Twelve SMBG systems were compared in a standardized manner under controlled laboratory conditions: nine systems were available on the German market and were purchased from a local pharmacy, and three systems were obtained from the manufacturer (two systems were available on the U.S. market, and one system was not yet introduced to the German market). System accuracy was evaluated following DIN EN ISO (International Organization for Standardization) 15197:2003. In addition, measurement reproducibility was assessed following a modified TNO (Netherlands Organization for Applied Scientific Research) procedure. Comparison measurements were performed with either the glucose oxidase method (YSI 2300 STAT Plus glucose analyzer; YSI Life Sciences, Yellow Springs, OH) or the hexokinase method (cobas() c111; Roche Diagnostics GmbH, Mannheim, Germany) according to the manufacturer's measurement procedure. RESULTS: The 12 evaluated systems showed between 71.5% and 100% of the measurement results within the required system accuracy limits. Ten systems fulfilled with the evaluated test strip lot minimum accuracy requirements specified by DIN EN ISO 15197:2003. In addition, accuracy limits of the recently published revision ISO 15197:2013 were applied and showed between 54.5% and 100% of the systems' measurement results within the required accuracy limits. Regarding measurement reproducibility, each of the 12 tested systems met the applied performance criteria. CONCLUSIONS: In summary, 83% of the systems fulfilled with the evaluated test strip lot minimum system accuracy requirements of DIN EN ISO 15197:2003. Each of the tested systems showed acceptable measurement reproducibility. In order to ensure sufficient measurement quality of each distributed test strip lot, regular evaluations are required. 
Platelet-rich plasma (PRP) as a clinical treatment for bone, muscle, tendon, and cartilage injury has gained popularity in the field of orthopedic sports medicine. The use of a patient's own blood is an appealing aspect of PRP treatment, as the resulting plasma preparation is considered relatively benign in comparison with more common, potentially caustic treatments such as corticosteroids and anesthetics. Although appealing, the autologous nature of PRP introduces variability to plasma preparations, creating challenges for both the researcher and the clinician. Differences in patients at the time of blood draw result in plasma preparations that vary within as well as between patients. This variability is compounded by the multitude of protocols and devices available for procuring PRP. The variability of components and its effects on dosage should be considered in single or consecutive treatments of PRP. 
OBJECTIVES: To compare the effectiveness of dark blood (DB) versus bright blood (BB) sequences. To assess the intra and inter-observer variability and inter-study reproducibility between BB versus DB. To evaluate image quality level in the two sequences. METHODS: In a setting of 138 patients we performed CMR using cardiac gated Gradient-multiecho single breath-hold BB and DB sequences in the middle ventricular septum. Each acquisition was repeated during the same exam. Truncation method was used to account for background noise. Image quality (IQ) was assessed using a 5 point grading scale and image analysis was conducted by 2 experienced observers. RESULTS: Compared with the conventional BB acquisition, the coefficient of correlation and significance of the DB technique was superior for intra-observer reproducibility (p<0.001), inter-observer reproducibility (p<0.001) and inter-study reproducibility (p<0.001). The variability is also lower for DB sequences for T2* values <14 ms. Assessment of artifacts showed a superior score for DB versus BB scans (4 versus 3, p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Improvement in terms of inter observer and inter study variability using DB sequences was obtained. The greatest disparity between them was seen in inter-study reproducibility and higher IQ in DB was seen. Study demonstrates better performance of DB imaging compared to BB in presence of comparable effectiveness. 
OBJECTIVES: The soluble receptor for advanced glycation end products (sRAGE) has been implicated in the development of diabetes-related vascular complications, but the variability of concentrations of sRAGE in the blood is unknown. The objective of this study was to characterize within-person three-year variability of plasma levels of sRAGE. DESIGN AND METHODS: We measured sRAGE in plasma samples from 179 men and women in the community-based Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study at two time points, three years apart. We calculated correlation coefficients and the within-person coefficient of variation (CVw) to characterize variability in sRAGE. We compared these estimates to total cholesterol and white blood cell count (WBC) in the same participants. RESULTS: Mean sRAGE concentrations at the two time points (mean time between measurements = 2.9 years) were 1096.2 pg/mL and 990.2 pg/mL, respectively (mean difference = -106.0 pg/mL, p-value < 0.001). The Pearson's correlation was 0.78 (Spearman's, 0.73). The intra-class correlation coefficient was 0.76 and the CVw was 26.6%. Compared to sRAGE, Pearson's and Spearman's correlations for total cholesterol (0.76 and 0.77) and white blood cell count (0.61 and 0.72) were similar, although CVw for both was lower (8.7% for cholesterol, 15.6% for WBC). Less than 4% of participants' values changed substantially (50% or greater) over the three-year interval. CONCLUSIONS: We observed that sRAGE concentrations remained relatively stable over three years. Our findings suggest that a single measure of circulating sRAGE tracks well in a community-based population and could be a useful measure in clinical and epidemiologic studies of long-term risk. 
Quantitative plasma proteomics, through the use of targeted MRM-MS and isotopically labeled standards, is emerging as a popular technique to address biological- and biomedical-centered queries. High precision and accuracy are essential in such measurements, particularly in protein biomarker research where translation to the clinic is sought. Standardized procedures and routine performance evaluation of all stages of the workflow (both pre-analytical and analytical) are therefore imperative to satisfy these requisites and enable high inter-laboratory reproducibility and transferability. In this review, we first discuss the pre-analytical and analytical variables that can affect the precision and accuracy of 'absolute' quantitative plasma proteomic measurements. Proposed strategies to limit such variability will then be highlighted and unmet needs for future exploration will be noted. Although there is no way to conduct a truly comprehensive review on this broad, rapidly changing topic, we have highlighted key aspects and included references to review articles on various sub-topics. 
OBJECTIVES: The present study was conducted to develop a valid and reliable Blood stasis questionnaire (BSQ), to define its optimum cut-off score, and to examine whether the BSQ score affected cardiovascular autonomic function. METHODS: Three hundred and thirty-eight outpatients (group A) and 61 inpatients (group B) were asked to complete the BSQ. In addition to the BSQ, heart rate variability parameters were recorded for group A. We estimated the internal consistency and construct validity for the BSQ data from group A. Three clinicians determined whether 61 inpatients (group B) exhibited blood stasis (BS), and we defined the optimum cut-off point for the BSQ using the clinicians' diagnoses and BSQ scores for group B. Finally, the differences in the HRV parameters between the BS and non-BS groups (group A) were examined. RESULTS: The 12-item BSQ exhibited a satisfactory internal consistency (=0.813). In the test of construct validity, a total of three factors (pain-lump, dark blue signs, and trauma) were extracted (total percentage of variance=54.8%). ROC curve analyses showed that the BSQ had a high discriminative ability for BS (AUC=0.948, 95% confidence interval 0.895-1.001). The optimum cut-off score for the BSQ was defined as three points. SDNN, TP, LF, and HF were lower in the BS group than in the non-BS group, indicating that the BS pattern partially caused a decrease in sympathetic and parasympathetic activities. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that the BSQ is a valid and reliable instrument for evaluating BS and BS may partially cause a decrease in cardiovascular autonomic function. 
BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The chronic cerebrospinal venous insufficiency hypothesis raises interest in cerebrospinal venous blood flow imaging, which is more complex and less established than in arteries. For accurate assessment of venous flow in chronic cerebrospinal venous insufficiency diagnosis and research, we must account for physiologic changes in flow patterns. This study examines day-to-day flow variability in cerebrospinal veins by use of 4D MR flow and contrast-enhanced MRA under typical, uncontrolled conditions in healthy individuals. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Ten healthy volunteers were scanned in a test-retest fashion by use of a 4D flow MR imaging technique and contrast-enhanced MRA. Flow parameters obtained from phase contrast-vastly undersampled isotropic projection reconstruction and contrast-enhanced MRA scoring measurements in the head, neck, and chest veins were analyzed for internal consistency and interscan reproducibility. RESULTS: Internal consistency was satisfied at the torcular herophili, with an input-output difference of 2.2%. Percentages of variations in flow were 20.3%, internal jugular vein; 20.4%, azygos vein; 6.8%, transverse sinus; and 5.1%, common carotid artery. Retrograde flow was found in the lower internal jugular vein (4.8%) and azygos vein (7.2%). Contrast-enhanced MRA interscan  values for the internal jugular vein (left: 0.474, right: 0.366) and azygos vein (-0.053) showed poor interscan agreement. CONCLUSIONS: Phase contrast-vastly undersampled isotropic projection reconstruction blood flow measurements are reliable and highly reproducible in intracranial veins and in the common carotid artery but not in veins of the neck (internal jugular vein) and chest (azygos vein) because of normal physiologic variation. Retrograde flow normally may be observed in the lower internal jugular vein and azygos vein. Low interrater agreement in contrast-enhanced MRA scans was observed. These findings have important implications for imaging diagnosis and experimental research of chronic cerebrospinal venous insufficiency. 
Organophosphate flame retardants (OPFRs) are commonly added to consumer products to reduce their flammability. Based on levels of OPFRs in indoor environments, human exposure is likely chronic and ubiquitous. Animal studies suggest that exposure to some OPFRs may result in adverse health impacts, particularly for Tris (1,3-dichloropropyl) phosphate (TDCPP); however, human data on the impacts of exposure to OPFRs are lacking. To design human studies, more information is needed on the stability of measured OPFRs in human samples over time. In this study, we sought to assess the degree of temporal variability of urinary TDCPP and triphenyl phosphate (TPP) metabolites throughout pregnancy in a cohort of women from central North Carolina. Eight pregnant women provided multiple urine samples: 3 during the 18th week of pregnancy, 1 during the 28th week, and 1 shortly after the child's birth. Bis (1,3-dichloropropyl) phosphate (BDCPP) and diphenyl phosphate (DPP), the respective metabolites of TDCPP and TPP, were measured in urine samples using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. BDCPP and DPP were each detected in 38 of 39 urine samples and were not normally distributed. Geometric mean BDCPP and DPP concentrations were 1.3ng/mL (interquartile range (IQR): 0.8, 2.7ng/mL) and 1.9ng/mL (IQR: 0.9, 3.5ng/mL), respectively. BDCPP and DPP were moderately to strongly reliable over one week (intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC)=0.5; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.4, 0.7 and ICC=0.7; 95% CI: 0.5, 0.8, respectively), and over the entire pregnancy (ICC=0.5 95% CI: 0.3, 0.7 and ICC=0.6; 95% CI: 0.4, 0.7, respectively). These data suggest that exposures to TDCPP and TPP are widespread and variable for pregnant women, and that a single measure of BDCPP or DPP, taken in the second trimester, likely captures information on the rank order of exposure throughout pregnancy. 
The aim of this study was to investigate the quality and reproducibility of mass spectra derived from a matrix-assisted laser desorption ionisation time-of-flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF MS) platform in a patient population undergoing carotid endarterectomy. Plasma samples were either digested with trypsin or left undigested, fractionated with either C18 or weak cation exchange (WCX) columns and analysed by MALDI-TOF MS. Quality of mass spectra for each method was assessed by baseline correction (lower area under the curve ratio indicating higher quality) and signal-to-noise ratio. Mean coefficient of variation (CV%) assessed reproducibility between repeated experiments and methods. Identified mass peak intensity differences were assessed for consistency across repeated experiments. Plasma from six patients was analysed. The quality of mass spectra was significantly better when derived from digested plasma fractionated by either WCX or C18 methods compared to undigested plasma fractionated by WCX (analysis of variance, p<0.05). Mean CV% for repeated experiments was 18% and 28% for WCX and C18 fractionated digested plasma, respectively. A small number of differences in mass peak intensities were consistently observed in repeated experiments. Repeated experiments are required to confidently identify non-random mass peak intensity differences as putative plasma biomarkers that merit further investigation. 
Wide variations in tacrolimus levels have been identified as a risk factor for inferior kidney allograft survival but past studies have not properly accounted for the dynamic nature of drug exposure over time. Here we evaluated whether time-varying exposure to tacrolimus increases the risk of long-term adverse outcomes in a retrospective cohort study in adult kidney transplant recipients on tacrolimus-based immunosuppression. Time-dependent Cox proportional hazards models were used to examine the association between the standard deviation of tacrolimus levels (TacSD) starting at 1-year post-transplant and the composite end point of late allograft rejection, transplant glomerulopathy, or total graft loss (including death). Among 356 patients, there was a significant 27% increase in the adjusted hazard of the composite end point for every 1-unit increase in TacSD (hazard ratio 1.27 (95% confidence interval 1.03, 1.56)). There was also a graded increase in the relative hazard for the composite end point by TacSD threshold (hazard ratios 1.33, 1.50, 1.84, and 2.56 for TacSD 1.5, 2, 2.5, and 3, respectively). The results were similar for total graft loss and the composite end point excluding death. Thus, increased time-dependent TacSD may be an independent risk factor for adverse kidney transplant outcomes. TacSD may serve as a monitoring tool to identify high-risk patients. Whether interventions to decrease TacSD will improve outcomes requires further study. 
Changes in bone remodeling during pathological states and during their treatment can be assessed noninvasively by measuring biomarkers of bone metabolism. Their application is limited, however, by the potential biological variability in the levels of these biomarkers over time. To determine the short-term variability in biomarkers of bone metabolism in adult sheep, the authors measured serum levels of alkaline phosphatase (ALP), bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (BALP), osteocalcin (OC), N-terminal propeptide of type-III procollagen (PIIINP), deoxypyridinoline (DPD), tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase (TRAP), calcium and phosphorus intermittently over a 12-week period. There were significant differences in mean ALP activity and in phosphorus concentrations over time, but all other biomarkers showed no significant short-term variability. The results suggest that biomarkers of bone metabolism in sheep, especially the bone resorption marker DPD and the bone formation marker BALP, can be used reliably to detect changes in bone cellular activity. 
Endocrine-disrupting chemicals are exogenous substances that can impact the reproduction of fish, potentially by altering circulating concentrations of 17-estradiol (E2), testosterone (T), and 11-ketotestosterone (11-KT). Common methods to measure steroids in plasma samples include radioimmunoassays (RIAs) and enzyme-linked immunosorbant assays (ELISAs). The present study examines variability in E2, T, and 11-KT across 8 laboratories measuring reference and pulp mill effluent-exposed white sucker (Catostomus commersoni) plasma. We examine the contribution of assay type (RIA vs ELISA), standardized hormone extraction, location of values on the standard curve (upper and lower limits), and other variables on the ability to distinguish hormone levels between reference and exposed fish and the impact of these variables on quantitation of hormones in different laboratories. Of the 8 participating laboratories, 7 of 8 and 7 of 7 identified differences between sites for female E2 and female T, respectively, and 7 of 7 and 4 of 5 identified no differences between male T and male 11-KT. Notably, however, the ng/mL concentration of steroids measured across laboratories varied by factors of 10-, 6-, 14-, and 10-fold, respectively. Within laboratory intra-assay variability was generally acceptable and below 15%. Factors contributing to interlaboratory variability included calculation errors, assay type, and methodology. Based on the interlaboratory variability detected, we provide guidelines and recommendations to improve the accuracy and precision of steroid measurements in fish ecotoxicology studies.
Dengue fever represents a major public health problem. Both viral and host immune factors are involved in severe infections. Humans and mosquito-vectors are infected with diverse viral populations that may play a role in viral adaptation and disease pathogenesis. Our objective was to analyse the intra-host genetic variability of dengue virus type 1 (DENV-1) in the venous and capillary blood and its relationships with the clinical presentation of dengue fever. Early serum samples were collected in 2009 from ten DENV-1-infected patients hospitalized in Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia. Partial viral envelope sequences were analysed at the inter-host and intra-host level. For each patient, an average of 56 clone sequences was analysed both in the venous sector and the capillary sector (from right and left hands). The ten consensus sequences were highly similar. The intra-host DENV-1 genetic variability was significantly lower in the venous sector than in the capillary sector, and in patients with haemorrhagic symptoms than in those without haemorrhagic symptoms, particularly in capillary samples. No relation was found with sex, age, dengue IgG-serological status, day of serum sampling, or viral load. Significant relationships were found between the clinical presentation of dengue fever and the variability of viral populations within hosts, particularly in capillary samples. The observed variability of envelope sequences at the early phase of dengue infection was not critically influenced by the previous dengue serological status of patients. An important part of viral microevolution may occur in the capillary sector and influence the mechanisms of severe forms. 
OBJECTIVES: To determine the effect of adjustment for intraindividual variation on estimations of urinary iodine concentrations (UIC), prevalence of iodine deficiency and population distribution of iodine status. SETTING: Community-dwelling older adults from New South Wales, Australia. PARTICIPANTS: 84 healthy men and women aged 60-95 years were recruited prior to introduction of the mandatory iodine fortification programme. PRIMARY AND SECONDARY OUTCOME MEASURES: UIC data were collected from three spot urine samples, each 1 week apart. Repeated measures analysis of variance were determined between-person (sb) and total (sobs) SDs. Adjusted UIC values were calculated as ((person's UIC-group mean)(sb/sobs))+group mean, and a corrected UIC distribution was calculated. RESULTS: The sb/sobs for using three samples and two samples were 0.83 and 0.79, respectively. Following adjustment for intraindividual variation, the proportion with UIC <50 g/L reduced from 33% to 19%, while the proportion with UIC 100 g/L changed from 21% to 17%. The 95th centile for UIC decreased from 176 to 136 g/L. Adjustment by taking averages yielded a lesser degree of contraction in the distribution than the analysis of variance method. CONCLUSIONS: The addition of information about intraindividual variability has potential for increasing the interpretability of UIC data collected to monitor the iodine status of a population. 
To reduce the variability in estradiol (E2) testing and to assure better patient care, standardization of E2 measurements has been recommended. This study aims to assess the accuracy and variability of E2 measurements performed by 11 routine immunological methods and 6 mass spectrometry methods using single donor serum materials and to compare the results to a reference method. The contribution of calibration bias, specificity or matrix effects, and imprecision on the overall variability of individual assays was evaluated. This study showed substantial variability in serum E2 measurements in samples from men and pre- and post-menopausal women. The mean bias across all samples, for each participant, ranged between -2.4% and 235%, with 3 participants having a mean bias of over 100%. The data suggest that calibration bias is the major contributor to the overall variability for nine assays. The analytical performances of most assays measuring E2 concentrations do not meet current needs in research and patient care. Three out of 17 assays would meet performance criteria derived from biological variability of 12.5% bias at concentrations 20 pg/mL, and a maximum allowable bias of 2.5 pg/mL at concentrations <20 pg/mL. The sensitivity differs highly between assays. Most assays are not able to measure E2 levels below 10 pg/mL. Standardization, specifically calibration to a common standard by using panels of individual patient samples, can reduce the observed variability and improve the utility of E2 levels in clinical settings.
BACKGROUND: European treatment guidelines of TaT1 urinary bladder urothelial carcinomas depend highly on stage and WHO1973-grade but grading reproducibility is wanting. The newer WHO2004 grading system is still debated and both systems are currently used. AIMS: To compare reproducibility and prognostic value (of stage progression) of the WHO1973 and WHO2004. METHODS: One hundred and ninety-three primary urothelial carcinomas were reviewed. Follow-up data were retrieved from the patient records. Kappa statistics and Harrell's C-index were used. RESULTS: Median follow-up was 75 months (range 1-127). 17 patients (9%) progressed, 82% of these within and 18% after 60 months. The distribution of WHO73-grades 1, 2 and 3 was 23%, 51% and 26%, interobserver agreement for each individual grade was 66% (kappa=0.68), while for grades 1&2 versus 3 89% (kappa=0.68). Intraobserver reproducibility was 68-63% for WHO73 and 88-89% for WHO73 as 1&2 vs.3. Progression free survival rates at 5 years were 95% (grade 1), 98% (grade 2) and 82% (grade 3) and 96% and 82% for grades 1&2 versus 3 (Hazard Ratio, HR, 5.4, p=0.003). Using WHO2004, 62% were low grade and 38% high grade, inter-observer agreement 87% (kappa=0.70), intraobserver reproducibility 93%, and progression free 5-year survival rates 97% and 85% (HR 6.6, p=0.004). Positive and negative predictive values for stage progression within 5 years for the WHO73 (1&2 vs. 3) were 18% and 96%, and 15% and 97% for the WHO04. Using Harrell's C-index, none of the grading systems was prognostically superior. CONCLUSION: None of the grading systems is prognostically stronger than the others. Most importantly, inter-observer reproducibility and sensitivities for stage progression of both systems are low and need improvement for optimal treatment. 
STUDY OBJECTIVES: To identify factors associated with variability in rifampin plasma pharmacokinetics and explore the relationship between rifampin pharmacokinetics and change in efavirenz plasma pharmacokinetics with rifampin coadministration. METHODS: In this randomized, cross-over study, 12 healthy volunteers received either efavirenz 600mg/day or efavirenz 600mg with rifampin 600mg/day for 8days. After a washout period of at least 2weeks, subjects crossed over to the alternate 8-day regimen. Samples were obtained for pharmacokinetic assessment on day 8 of each study cycle. Drugs concentrations were determined by a validated high-performance liquid chromatography. Pharmacokinetic parameters were calculated using noncompartmental analysis. Multivariate analysis was used to examine factors associated with rifampin pharmacokinetics. Spearman correlation analysis was used to investigate relationship between rifampin pharmacokinetics and change in efavirenz plasma pharmacokinetics with rifampin coadministration. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Of 11 evaluable subjects, the median interquartile range, rifampin peak concentration (Cmax) , area under the concentration-time curve (AUC0-24hour ), and weight-normalized clearance were 8.9 (7.3-13.8)g/ml, 48.8 (29.6-67.4)gh/ml, and 0.19 (0.11-0.29)L/h/kg, respectively. Solute carrier organic anion transporter family member 1B1 (SLCO1B1) c.388AG and SLCO1B1 c.463CA polymorphisms jointly had significant effect on rifampin Cmax (R(2) =0.75). Male sex and SLCO1B1 c.463CA polymorphism together influenced rifampin AUC0-24hour (R(2) =0.52) and weight-normalized clearance (R(2) =0.65). All four volunteers with rifampin Cmax less than8g/ml (lower end of the normal range) had c.463CA genotype. Rifampin Cmax and AUC0-24hour had no significant relationship with the efavirenz AUC0-24hour ratio or weight-normalized clearance ratio in the presence versus absence of rifampin (p>0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Men with the SLCO1B1c.463CA genotype are at increased risk of lower rifampin plasma exposure. However, plasma rifampin concentrations did not correlate with the extent of induction of efavirenz clearance by rifampin during coadministration. 
UNLABELLED: We report the diversity of latent membrane protein 1 (LMP1) gene founder sequences and the level of Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) genome variability over time and across anatomic compartments by using virus genomes amplified directly from oropharyngeal wash specimens and peripheral blood B cells during acute infection and convalescence. The intrahost nucleotide variability of the founder virus was 0.02% across the region sequences, and diversity increased significantly over time in the oropharyngeal compartment (P = 0.004). The LMP1 region showing the greatest level of variability in both compartments, and over time, was concentrated within the functional carboxyl-terminal activating regions 2 and 3 (CTAR2 and CTAR3). Interestingly, a deletion in a proline-rich repeat region (amino acids 274 to 289) of EBV commonly reported in EBV sequenced from cancer specimens was not observed in acute infectious mononucleosis (AIM) patients. Taken together, these data highlight the diversity in circulating EBV genomes and its potential importance in disease pathogenesis and vaccine design. IMPORTANCE: This study is among the first to leverage an improved high-throughput deep-sequencing methodology to investigate directly from patient samples the degree of diversity in Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) populations and the extent to which viral genome diversity develops over time in the infected host. Significant variability of circulating EBV latent membrane protein 1 (LMP1) gene sequences was observed between cellular and oral wash samples, and this variability increased over time in oral wash samples. The significance of EBV genetic diversity in transmission and disease pathogenesis are discussed. 
BACKGROUND: We evaluated reliability and clinical usefulness of genotypic resistance testing (GRT) in patients for whom combination antiretroviral therapy (cART) was unsuccessful with viremia levels 50-1000 copies/mL, for whom GRT is generally not recommended by current guidelines. METHODS: The genotyping success rate was evaluated in 12 828 human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) plasma samples with viremia >50 copies/mL, tested using the commercial ViroSeq HIV-1 Genotyping System or a homemade system. Phylogenetic analysis was performed to test the reliability and reproducibility of the GRT at low-level viremia (LLV). Drug resistance was evaluated in 3895 samples from 2200 patients for whom treatment was unsuccessful (viremia >50 copies/mL) by considering the resistance mutations paneled in the 2013 International Antiviral Society list. RESULTS: Overall, the success rate of amplification/sequencing was 96.4%. Viremia levels of 50-200 and 201-500 copies/mL afforded success rates of 67.2% and 88.1%, respectively, reaching 93.2% at 501-1000 copies/mL and 97.3% above 1000 copies/mL. A high homology among sequences belonging to the same subject for 96.4% of patients analyzed was found. The overall resistance prevalence was 74%. Drug resistance was commonly found also at LLV. In particular, by stratifying for different viremia ranges, detection of resistance was as follows: 50-200 copies/mL = 52.8%; 201-500 = 70%; 501-1000 = 74%; 1001-10 000 = 86.1%; 10 001-100 000 = 76.7%; and >100 000 = 63% (P < .001). Similar bell-shaped results were found when the GRT analysis was restricted to 2008-2012, although at a slightly lower prevalence. CONCLUSIONS: In patients failing cART with LLV, HIV-1 genotyping provides reliable and reproducible results that are informative about emerging drug resistance. 
We examined the reproducibility of alterations in cardiac biomarkers after two identical bouts of prolonged exercise in young athletes. Serum high-sensitivity cardiac troponin T (hs-cTnT) and N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) levels were assessed before and after exercise. Significant rises in median hs-cTnT and NT-proBNP occurred in both trials. While the absolute changes in hs-cTnT were smaller after trial 2, the pattern of change was similar and the delta scores were significantly related. However, the change in NT-proBNP was not correlated between trials. The hs-cTnT release demonstrates some consistency after exercise although the blunted hc-cTnT response requires further study.
While metabolomics has tremendous potential for diagnostic biomarker and therapeutic target discovery, its utility may be diminished by the variability that occurs due to environmental exposures including diet and the influences of the human circadian rhythm. For successful translation of metabolomics findings into the clinical setting, it is necessary to exhaustively define the sources of metabolome variation. To address these issues and to measure the variability of urinary and plasma metabolomes throughout the day, we have undertaken a comprehensive inpatient study in which we have performed non-targeted metabolomics analysis of blood and urine in 26 volunteers (13 healthy subjects with no known disease and 13 healthy subjects with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease not taking medication). These individuals were evaluated in a clinical research facility on two separate occasions, over three days, while on a standardized, weight-based diet. Subjects provided pre- and post-prandial blood and urine samples at the same time of day, and all samples were analyzed by "fast lane" LC-MS-based global metabolomics. The largest source of variability in blood and urine metabolomes was attributable to technical issues such as sample preparation and analysis, and less variability was due to biological variables, meals, and time of day. Higher metabolome variability was observed after the morning as compared to the evening meal, yet day-to-day variability was minimal and urine metabolome variability was greater than that of blood. Thus we suggest that blood and urine are suitable biofluids for metabolomics studies, though nontargeted mass spectrometry alone may not offer sufficient precision to reveal subtle changes in the metabolome. Additional targeted analyses may be needed to support the data from nontargeted mass spectrometric analyses. In light of these findings, future metabolomics studies should consider these sources of variability to allow for appropriate metabolomics testing and reliable clinical translation of metabolomics data. 
BACKGROUND: Abnormal serum potassium is associated with an increased risk of mortality in dialysis patients. However, the impacts of serum potassium levels on short- and long-term mortality and association of potassium variability with death in peritoneal dialysis (PD) patients are uncertain. METHODS: We examined mortality-predictability of serum potassium at baseline and its variability in PD patients treated in our center January 2006 through December 2010 with follow-up through December 2012. The hazard ratios (HRs) were used to assess the relationship between baseline potassium levels and short-term (1 year) as well as long-term (>1 year) survival. Variability of serum potassium was defined as the coefficient of variation of serum potassium (CVSP) during the first year of PD. RESULTS: A total of 886 incident PD patients were enrolled, with 248 patients (27.9%) presented hypokalemia (serum potassium <3.5 mEq/L). During a median follow-up of 31 months (range: 0.5-81.0 months), adjusted all-cause mortality hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) for baseline serum potassium of <3.0, 3.0 to <3.5, 3.5 to <4.0, 4.5 to <5.0, and 5.0 mEq/L, compared with 4.0 to <4.5 (reference), were 1.79 (1.02-3.14), 1.15 (0.72-1.86), 1.31 (0.82-2.08), 1.33 (0.71-2.48), 1.28 (0.53-3.10), respectively. The increased risk of lower potassium with mortality was evident during the first year of follow-up, but vanished thereafter. Adjusted all-cause mortality HR for CVSP increments of 7.5% to <12.0%; 12.0% to <16.7% and 16.7%, compared with <7.5% (reference), were 1.35 (0.67-2.71), 2.00 (1.05-3.83) and 2.18 (1.18-4.05), respectively. Similar association was found between serum potassium levels and its variability and cardiovascular mortality. CONCLUSIONS: A lower serum potassium level was associated with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality during the first year of follow-up in incident PD patients. In addition, higher variability of serum potassium levels conferred an increased risk of death in this population. 
Oxidative stress biomarkers may have a role in the future to assist clinical decisions regarding the use of antioxidant therapies and their efficacy. The aims of this study were to evaluate the within and between-individual variability of plasma oxidative stress biomarkers and investigate factors affecting their variability. Plasma F2-isoprostanes and protein carbonyls were measured in 14 hemodialysis patients every 2 weeks for 10 weeks. Within-individual coefficients of variation (CVs) were isoprostanes=30.4% (range=6.1-66.7%) and protein carbonyls=16.3% (8.4-29.5%). Between-individual CVs were isoprostanes=34.4% (28.9-40.2%) and protein carbonyls=19.5% (15.6-24.5%). There were no significant (p>0.05) relationships between the oxidative stress biomarkers and dietary antioxidant intake, medications, clinical and demographic parameters.
Tacrolimus, an immunosuppressant drug, presents a narrow therapeutic window and a large pharmacokinetic variability with poor correlation between drug dosing regimen and blood concentration. The objective was to identify predictive factors influencing tacrolimus trough concentrations (C0) using a bottom-up approach. A physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) model of tacrolimus was proposed, taking into account the body weight, the proportion of fat (P(fat)), hematocrit, lipid fraction of organs, typical intrinsic clearance (CLi(typ)), CYP3A5 genotype of liver donor, plasma unbound fraction of tacrolimus (fu(p)), and concomitant drugs (CYP3A4 inhibitors). For the evaluation of the PBPK model, mean C0 and concentrations 2 h after oral dose of tacrolimus were compared with those from 66 liver transplant recipients included in a multicentric pharmacokinetic study and were found very close. Tacrolimus concentration profiles were simulated in a virtual population defined by a set of covariate values similar to those from the real population. The sensitivity of tacrolimus C0 with respect to each covariate has been tested to identify the most influential ones. With the range of covariate values tested, the impact of each covariate on tacrolimus C0 may be ranked as follows: fu(p), CLi(typ), bioavailability, body weight, hematocrit, CYP3A5 polymorphism, P(fat), and CYP3A4 inhibitory drug-drug interactions. Values for initial dosing regimen of tacrolimus in order to reach a C0 of 10 ng/ml at day 5 (assuming a constant dosing schedule) as a function of CYP3A5 donor genotype and patient's hematocrit and body weight are proposed.
In anticipation of proposed OECD guideline changes that may include increasing the number of reticulocytes scored for micronuclei, an inter-laboratory reproducibility study of the rat peripheral blood micronucleus assay was performed using flow cytometry. In this experiment, male Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats were treated with the model clastogen cyclophosphamide (CP: 5, 10 or 15mg/kg) by a single oral administration. As controls, rats were treated with physiological saline (solvent) in the same manner as for the model clastogen. Peripheral blood was collected from each rat 48h after the treatment. The blood samples were prepared at the Public Interest Incorporated Foundation, BioSafety Research Center (BSRC) in duplicate using the rat MicroFlow(PLUS) Kit. After fixation, one replicate set of samples was shipped to Litron Laboratories, and each sample was analyzed by flow cytometry at the two laboratories. In addition, the frequency of micronucleated reticulocytes (MNRETs) was determined at the BSRC by microscopic analysis using supravital acridine orange (AO) staining. The reproducibility of micronucleated reticulocyte frequencies analyzed by microscopy and flow cytometry showed good correlation (r(2)=0.84). The frequencies of micronucleated reticulocytes analyzed by flow cytometry at the two independent laboratories showed good concordance (r(2)=0.97). The data indicate that the flow cytometric micronucleus analysis method is a good alternative to manual microscopic analysis. Flow cytometry allows groups to readily score 5000 or even 20,000 RETs in a matter of minutes compared to manual analysis. This results in increased reliability of the assay by achieving better statistical power. 
GLUTs 1-4 are sodium-independent facilitated glucose transporters and are considered to play a major role in glucose trafficking. The relative transcript levels of GLUTs 1-4 were determined in tissues of Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua). The distribution profile of GLUTs normalized to RNA is similar to mammals and with a few exceptions other fish. GLUT1 is ubiquitous, GLUT2 is relatively abundant in tissues that release glucose, GLUT3 expression is relatively strong in brain, and GLUT4 is relatively high in heart and muscle. The functionally significant level of transcript is presumably the level in the cell. Normalization of relative GLUT levels to tissue mass reveals there are extremely high levels of GLUT1 transcript in gas gland consistent with the high lactate production rates, GLUT3 is dominant in gill and head kidney as well as brain, and GLUT4 expression in gill is elevated relative to other tissues. Consideration of GLUTs within tissues reveals that GLUT1 is the dominant transcript in a group of tissues including gas gland, heart, white muscle, and RBCs. Brain, gill, and spleen display a co-dominance of GLUTs 1 and 3. There are relatively low levels of GLUT4 in most tissues, the highest being found in white muscle where GLUT4 accounts for only 12% of the total transcript level. The apparent low level of GLUT4 transcript may reflect two tissues that were not included in the current study, red muscle and adipose tissue, due to their low abundance in Atlantic cod. The rate of glucose metabolism in isolated cells prepared from gas gland, heart, and RBCs was determined by tracking the rate of (3)H2O production from [2-(3)H]-glucose. The steady-state rate of basal glycolysis in these three tissues correlates with relative transcript levels of GLUT1. 
OBJECTIVE: Randomized controlled trials demonstrated that red blood cell (RBC) transfusion elevates the risk of infection, and trials are underway to evaluate whether RBC storage affects outcomes. We previously reported that transfusion predicts Clostridium difficile infection (CDI) and, therefore, planned an investigation to examine this further using a more robust design. DESIGN: Within-person case-crossover study. Hospitalizations in which CDI developed (n = 406) were compared to hospitalizations for the same individuals in which CDI did not occur (n = 949). Transfusion volume and storage duration were assessed prior to the onset of CDI. SETTING: University of Michigan Health System. PATIENTS: Participants were individuals with a diagnosis of CDI from July 2009 through June 2012. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: During the hospitalizations when CDI occurred, 34.7% of the patients received allogeneic RBC transfusions (mean volume, 688 ml) compared to 19.0% of patients in hospitalizations without CDI (mean volume, 180 ml). The odds of healthcare-associated CDI increased by 76% (95% CI 1.39-2.23) for every liter of RBCs transfused and was elevated in both nonsurgical (OR = 1.90) and surgical (OR = 1.86) hospitalizations. In patients who received RBC transfusions, the odds of developing CDI increased by 6% for every additional day of RBC stored and by 53% for every week of additional storage (P = 0.002). CONCLUSIONS: Hospitalizations in which a patient received a greater volume of RBC transfusions were more likely to be associated with the development of CDI. RBC units stored for a longer duration were associated with the development of healthcare-associated CDI after adjustment for RBC volume. 
Human biomonitoring has become a primary tool for chemical exposure characterization in a wide variety of contexts: population monitoring and characterization at a national level, assessment and description of cohort exposures, and individual exposure assessments in the context of epidemiological research into potential adverse health effects of chemical exposures. The accurate use of biomonitoring as an exposure characterization tool requires understanding of factors, apart from external exposure level, that influence variation in biomarker concentrations. This review provides an overview of factors that might influence inter- and intraindividual variation in biomarker concentrations apart from external exposure magnitude. These factors include characteristics of the specific chemical of interest, characteristics of the likely route(s) and frequency of exposure, and physiological characteristics of the biomonitoring matrix (typically, blood or urine). Intraindividual variation in biomarker concentrations may be markedly affected by the relationship between the elimination half-life and the intervals between exposure events, as well as by variation in characteristics of the biomonitored media such as blood lipid content or urinary flow rate. Variation across individuals may occur due to differences in time of sampling relative to exposure events, physiological differences influencing urinary flow or creatinine excretion rates or blood characteristics, and interindividual differences in metabolic rate or other factors influencing the absorption or excretion rate of a compound. Awareness of these factors can assist researchers in improving the design and interpretation of biomonitoring studies. 
OBJECTIVES: To investigate the reproducibility of arterial spin labelling (ASL) and dynamic contrast-enhanced (DCE) magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and quantitatively compare these techniques for the measurement of renal blood flow (RBF). METHODS: Sixteen healthy volunteers were examined on two different occasions. ASL was performed using a multi-TI FAIR labelling scheme with a segmented 3D-GRASE imaging module. DCE MRI was performed using a 3D-FLASH pulse sequence. A Bland-Altman analysis was used to assess repeatability of each technique, and determine the degree of correspondence between the two methods. RESULTS: The overall mean cortical renal blood flow (RBF) of the ASL group was 26341 ml min(-1) [100 ml tissue](-1), and using DCE MRI was 28770 ml min(-1) [100 ml tissue](-1). The group coefficient of variation (CVg) was 18 % for ASL and 28 % for DCE-MRI. Repeatability studies showed that ASL was more reproducible than DCE with CVgs of 16 % and 25 % for ASL and DCE respectively. Bland-Altman analysis comparing the two techniques showed a good agreement. CONCLUSIONS: The repeated measures analysis shows that the ASL technique has better reproducibility than DCE-MRI. Difference analysis shows no significant difference between the RBF values of the two techniques. KEY POINTS: Reliable non-invasive monitoring of renal blood flow is currently clinically unavailable. Renal arterial spin labelling MRI is robust and repeatable. Renal dynamic contrast-enhanced MRI is robust and repeatable. ASL blood flow values are similar to those obtained using DCE-MRI. 
Plasma lipidome is now increasingly recognized as a potentially important marker of chronic diseases, but the exact extent of its contribution to the interindividual phenotypic variability in family studies is unknown. Here, we used the rich data from the ongoing San Antonio Family Heart Study (SAFHS) and developed a novel statistical approach to quantify the independent and additive value of the plasma lipidome in explaining metabolic syndrome (MS) variability in Mexican American families recruited in the SAFHS. Our analytical approach included two preprocessing steps: principal components analysis of the high-resolution plasma lipidomics data and construction of a subject-subject lipidomic similarity matrix. We then used the Sequential Oligogenic Linkage Analysis Routines software to model the complex family relationships, lipidomic similarities, and other important covariates in a variance components framework. Our results suggested that even after accounting for the shared genetic influences, indicators of lipemic status (total serum cholesterol, TGs, and HDL cholesterol), and obesity, the plasma lipidome independently explained 22% of variability in the homeostatic model of assessment-insulin resistance trait and 16% to 22% variability in glucose, insulin, and waist circumference. Our results demonstrate that plasma lipidomic studies can additively contribute to an understanding of the interindividual variability in MS.
OBJECTIVES: To investigate the effects of the urinary metabolite profiles of background exposure to the atmospheric pollutants polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) and Framingham risk score (FRS), which assesses an individual's cardiovascular disease risk, on heart rate variability (HRV). METHODS: The study conducted from April to May 2011 in Wuhan, China, included 1978 adult residents with completed questionnaires, physical examinations, blood and urine samples, and 5-min HRV indices (including SD of all normal to normal intervals (SDNN), root mean square successive difference (rMSSD), low frequency (LF), high frequency (HF) and their ratio (LF/HF), and total power) obtained from 3-channel Holter monitor. 12 urinary PAH metabolites were measured by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. FRS was calculated by age, sex, lipid profiles, blood pressure, diabetes and smoking status. Linear regression models were constructed after adjusting for potential confounders. RESULTS: Elevated total concentration of hydroxynaphthalene (OHNa) was significantly associated, in a dose-responsive manner, with decreased SDNN and LF/HF (ptrend=0.014 and 0.007, respectively); elevated total concentration of hydroxyfluorene (OHFlu) was significantly associated with reduced SDNN, LF and LF/HF (ptrend=0.027, 0.003, and <0.0001, respectively); and elevated total concentration of all PAH metabolites (OH-PAHs) was associated with decreased LF and LF/HF (ptrend=0.005 and <0.0001, respectively). Moreover, increasing quartiles of FRS were significantly associated with decreased HRV indices, except LF/HF (all ptrend<0.0001). Interestingly, individuals in low-risk subgroups had greater decreases in SDNN, LF and LF/HF in relation to OH-PAHs, OHNa and OHFlu than those in high-risk subgroups (all p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Environmental PAH exposure may differentially affect HRV based on individual coronary risk profiles. 
Knowledge of stability during sample transportation and changes in biomarker concentrations within person over time are paramount for proper design and interpretation of epidemiologic studies based on a single measurement of biomarker status. Therefore, we investigated stability and intraindividual vs. interindividual variation in blood concentrations of biomarkers related to vitamin status, one-carbon metabolism, and the kynurenine pathway. Whole blood (EDTA and heparin, n = 12) was stored with an icepack for 24 or 48 h, and plasma concentrations of 38 biomarkers were determined. Stability was calculated as change per hour, intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC), and simple Spearman correlation. Within-person reproducibility of biomarkers was expressed as ICC in samples collected 1-2 y apart from 40 postmenopausal women and in samples collected up to 3 y apart from 551 patients with stable angina pectoris. Biomarker stability was similar in EDTA and heparin blood. Most biomarkers were essentially stable, except for choline and total homocysteine (tHcy), which increased markedly. Within-person reproducibility in postmenopausal women was excellent (ICC > 0.75) for cotinine, all-trans retinol, cobalamin, riboflavin, -tocopherol, Gly, pyridoxal, methylmalonic acid, creatinine, pyridoxal 5'-phosphate, and Ser; was good to fair (ICC of 0.74-0.40) for pyridoxic acid, kynurenine, tHcy, cholecalciferol, flavin mononucleotide, kynurenic acid, xanthurenic acid, 3-hydroxykynurenine, sarcosine, anthranilic acid, cystathionine, homoarginine, 3-hydroxyanthranilic acid, betaine, Arg, folate, total cysteine, dimethylglycine, asymmetric dimethylarginine, neopterin, symmetric dimethylarginine, and Trp; and poor (ICC of 0.39-0.15) for methionine sulfoxide, Met, choline, and trimethyllysine. Similar reproducibilities were observed in patients with coronary heart disease. Thus, most biomarkers investigated were essentially stable in cooled whole blood for up to 48 h and had a sufficient within-person reproducibility to allow one-exposure assessment of biomarker status in epidemiologic studies. The Western Norway B Vitamin Intervention Trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NTC00354081. 
Prospective cohort studies examining sex hormones in relation to cancer risk have generally collected blood samples at 1 time point, with an assumption that hormone levels measured in these samples will be reliable markers of true levels at other times. In postmenopausal women, body fat is a major source of estradiol; therefore, changes in adiposity may affect the correlation of single measurements to more relevant long-term averages. To estimate the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) for estradiol and testosterone, we collected repeat blood samples from 119 postmenopausal women (average age = 59.4 (standard deviation, 4.7) years) from the United Kingdom during 2004-2005 and again during 2010-2011. The ICCs (adjusted for assay variation) were 0.73 (95% confidence interval: 0.63, 0.82) for total estradiol and 0.59 (95% confidence interval: 0.47, 0.72) for total testosterone. The ICCs were 3%-5% larger after adjustment for change in body mass index (weight (kg)/height (m)(2)) or leptin, which are 2 markers of change in adiposity. There was no increase in ICCs after adjustment for change in age, alcohol consumption, smoking, exercise, time between waking and blood collection, or season. The results suggest that other factors account for within-woman variation in these sex hormones. 
In this work the genotoxic potential of water in three localities in Serbia, which differ by the nature and degree of pollution, was determined in tissues of European chub (Squalius cephalus L.) on monthly basis over the 2011/2012 year season using the alkaline comet assay. Specimen samples of chub were taken from Special Nature Reserve "Uvac", as control site, and Pestan and Beljanica Rivers, as polluted sites at Kolubara basin, surrounded with coal mines. Three tissues, blood, gills and liver were used for assessing the level of DNA damage. Analysis was done by software (Comet Assay IV). The control site at Reserve "Uvac" showed the lowest DNA damage values for all three tissues compared to Pestan and Beljanica. Blood has the lowest level of DNA damage in comparison with liver and gills. Decreased damage for all three tissues was observed at summer, while during the spring and autumn damage increased. 
Used frequently in food contact materials, bisphenol A (BPA) has been studied extensively in recent years, and ubiquitous exposure in the general population has been demonstrated worldwide. Characterizing within- and between-individual variability of BPA concentrations is important for characterizing exposure in biomonitoring studies, and this has been investigated previously in adults, but not in children. The aim of this study was to characterize the short-term variability of BPA in spot urine samples in young children. Children aged 2-<4 years (n=25) were recruited from an existing cohort in Queensland, Australia, and donated four spot urine samples each over a two day period. Samples were analysed for total BPA using isotope dilution online solid phase extraction-liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry, and concentrations ranged from 0.53 to 74.5 ng/ml, with geometric mean and standard deviation of 2.70 ng/ml and 2.94 ng/ml, respectively. Sex and time of sample collection were not significant predictors of BPA concentration. The between-individual variability was approximately equal to the within-individual variability (ICC=0.51), and this ICC is somewhat higher than previously reported literature values. This may be the result of physiological or behavioural differences between children and adults or of the relatively short exposure window assessed. Using a bootstrapping methodology, a single sample resulted in correct tertile classification approximately 70% of the time. This study suggests that single spot samples obtained from young children provide a reliable characterization of absolute and relative exposure over the short time window studied, but this may not hold true over longer timeframes.
This work reports on the continuing development of a lab-on-a-chip electrochemical sensor for determination of zinc in blood serum using square wave anodic stripping voltammetry. The microscale sensor consists of a three electrode system, including an environmentally friendly bismuth working electrode, an integrated silver/silver chloride reference electrode, and a gold auxiliary electrode. The sensor demonstrates a linear response in 0.1 M acetate buffer at pH 6 for zinc concentrations in the 1-30 M range. By optimizing bismuth film deposition and better control of the fabrication process, repeatability of the sensor was improved, reducing variability from 42% to <2%. Through optimization of electrolyte and stripping voltammetry parameters, limit of detection was greatly improved to 60 nM. The optimized sensor was also able to measure zinc in the extracted blood serum. Ultimately, with integrated sample preparation, the sensor will permit rapid (min) measurements of zinc from a sub-mL sample (a few drops of blood) for clinical applications.
We evaluated the reliability of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG), and determined its ability to predict functional outcomes in stroke survivors. The rehabilitation effect on 8-OHdG and functional outcomes were also assessed. Sixty-one stroke patients received a 4-week rehabilitation. Urinary 8-OHdG levels were determined by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. The test-retest reliability of 8-OHdG was good (interclass correlation coefficient=0.76). Upper-limb motor function and muscle power determined by the Fugl-Meyer Assessment (FMA) and Medical Research Council (MRC) scales before rehabilitation showed significant negative correlation with 8-OHdG (r=-0.38, r=-0.30; p<0.05). After rehabilitation, we found a fair and significant correlation between 8-OHdG and FMA (r=-0.34) and 8-OHdG and pain (r=0.26, p<0.05). Baseline 8-OHdG was significantly correlated with post-treatment FMA, MRC, and pain scores (r=-0.34, -0.31, and 0.25; p<0.05), indicating its ability to predict functional outcomes. 8-OHdG levels were significantly decreased, and functional outcomes were improved after rehabilitation. The exploratory study findings conclude that 8-OHdG is a reliable and promising biomarker of oxidative stress and could be a valid predictor of functional outcomes in patients. Monitoring of behavioral indicators along with biomarkers may have crucial benefits in translational stroke research.
Coronary artery calcification (CAC) is associated with increased mortality in patients on maintenance hemodialysis (MHD), but the pathogenesis of this condition is not well understood. We evaluated the relationship of CAC score (CACs) and variability in serum phosphorus in MHD patients. Seventy-seven adults on MHD at Huashan Hospital (Shanghai) were enrolled in July, 2010. CAC of all the patients were measured by computed tomography and CACs was calculated by the Agatston method at the entry of enrollment. Patients were divided into three categories according to their CACs (010, 11400, and >400). Blood chemistry was recorded every 3 months from January 2008 to July 2010. Phosphorus variation was defined by the standard deviation (SD) or coefficient of variation (CV) and it was calculated from the past records. The ordinal multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to analyze the predictors of CAC. The mean patient age ( SD) was 61.7 years (11.3) and 51% of patients were men. The mean CACs was 609.6 (1062.9), the median CACs was 168.5, and 78% of patients had CACs more than 0. Multivariate analysis indicated that female gender (OR=0.20, 95% CI=0.07-0.55), age (OR=2.31, 95% CI=1.32-4.04), serum fibroblast growth factor 23 (OR=2.25, 95% CI=1.31-3.85), SD-phosphorus calculated from the most recent 6 measurements (OR=2.12; 95% CI=1.23-3.63), and CV-phosphorus calculated from the most recent 6 measurements (OR=1.90, 95% CI=1.16-3.11) were significantly and independently associated with CACs. These associations persisted for phosphorus variation calculated from past 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11 follow-up values. Variability of serum phosphorus may contribute significantly to CAC and keeping serum phosphorus stable may decrease coronary calcification and associated morbidity and mortality in MHD patients. 
BACKGROUND: Interleukin-6 (IL-6) is a cytokine with pleiotropic actions in both the periphery of the body and the central nervous system (CNS). Altered IL-6 secretion has been associated with inflammatory dysregulation and several adverse health consequences. However, little is known about the physiological circadian characteristics and dynamic inter-correlation between circulating and CNS IL-6 levels in humans, or their significance. METHODS: Simultaneous assessment of plasma and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) IL-6 levels was performed hourly in 11 healthy male volunteers over 24h, to characterize physiological IL-6 secretion levels in both compartments. RESULTS: IL-6 levels showed considerable within- and between-subject variability in both plasma and CSF, with plasma/CSF ratios revealing consistently higher levels in the CSF. Both CSF and plasma IL-6 levels showed a distinctive circadian variation, with CSF IL-6 levels exhibiting a main 24h, and plasma a biphasic 12h, circadian component. Plasma peaks were roughly at 4 p.m. and 4 a.m., while the CSF peak was at around 7 p.m. There was no correlation between coincident CSF and plasma IL-6 values, but evidence for significant correlations at a negative 7-8h time lag. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides evidence in humans for a circadian IL-6 rhythm in CSF and confirms prior observations reporting a plasma biphasic circadian pattern. Our results indicate differential IL-6 regulation across the two compartments and are consistent with local production of IL-6 in the CNS. Possible physiological significance is discussed and implications for further research are highlighted. 
BACKGROUND: The application of metabolomics in epidemiological studies would potentially allow researchers to identify biomarkers associated with exposures and diseases. However, within-individual variability of metabolite levels caused by temporal variation of metabolites, together with technical variability introduced by laboratory procedures, may reduce the study power to detect such associations. We assessed the sources of variability of metabolites from urine samples and the implications for designing epidemiologic studies. METHODS: We measured 539 metabolites in urine samples from the Navy Colon Adenoma Study using liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) and gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy (GC-MS). The study collected 2-3 samples per person from 17 male subjects (age 38-70) over 2-10 days. We estimated between-individual, within-individual, and technical variability and calculated expected study power with a specific focus on large case-control and nested case-control studies. RESULTS: Overall technical reliability was high (median intraclass correlation=0.92), and for 72% of the metabolites, the majority of total variance can be attributed to between-individual variability. Age, gender and body mass index explained only a small proportion of the total metabolite variability. For a relative risk (comparing upper and lower quartiles of "usual" levels) of 1.5, we estimated that a study with 500, 1,000, and 5,000 individuals could detect 1.0%, 4.5% and 75% of the metabolite associations. CONCLUSIONS: The use of metabolomics in urine samples from epidemiological studies would require large sample sizes to detect associations with moderate effect sizes. 
BACKGROUND: Lutein accumulates in the macula and brain, where it is assumed to play physiologic roles. The bioavailability of lutein is assumed to display a high interindividual variability that has been hypothesized to be attributable, at least partly, to genetic polymorphisms. OBJECTIVES: We characterized the interindividual variability in lutein bioavailability in humans, assessed the relation between this variability and the fasting blood lutein concentration, and identified single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) involved in this phenomenon. DESIGN: In a randomized, 2-way crossover study, 39 healthy men consumed a meal that contained a lutein supplement or the same meal for which lutein was provided through a tomato puree. The lutein concentration was measured in plasma chylomicrons isolated at regular time intervals over 8 h postprandially. Multivariate statistical analyses were used to identify a combination of SNPs associated with the postprandial chylomicron lutein response (0-8-h area under the curve). A total of 1785 SNPs in 51 candidate genes were selected. RESULTS: Postprandial chylomicron lutein responses to meals were very variable (CV of 75% and 137% for the lutein-supplement meal and the meal with tomato-sourced lutein, respectively). Postprandial chylomicron lutein responses measured after the 2 meals were positively correlated (r = 0.68, P < 0.0001) and positively correlated to the fasting plasma lutein concentration (r = 0.51, P < 0.005 for the lutein-supplement-containing meal). A significant (P = 1.9  10(-4)) and validated partial least-squares regression model, which included 29 SNPs in 15 genes, explained most of the variance in the postprandial chylomicron lutein response. CONCLUSIONS: The ability to respond to lutein appears to be, at least in part, genetically determined. The ability is explained, in large part, by a combination of SNPs in 15 genes related to both lutein and chylomicron metabolism. Finally, our results suggest that the ability to respond to lutein and blood lutein status are related. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02100774. 
A mechanistic tissue composition model incorporating passive and active transport for the prediction of steady-state tissue:plasma partition coefficients (K(t:pl)) of chemicals in multiple mammalian species was used to assess interindividual and interspecies variability. This approach predicts K(t:pl) using chemical lipophilicity, pKa, phospholipid membrane binding, and the unbound plasma fraction, together with tissue fractions of water, neutral lipids, neutral and acidic phospholipids, proteins, and pH. Active transport K(t:pl) is predicted using Michaelis-Menten transport parameters. Species-specific biological properties were identified from 126 peer reviewed journal articles, listed in the Supporting Information, for mouse, rat, guinea pig, rabbit, beagle dog, pig, monkey, and human species. Means and coefficients of variation for biological properties were used in a Monte Carlo analysis to assess variability. The results show K(t:pl) interspecies variability for the brain, fat, heart, kidney, liver, lung, muscle, red blood cell, skin, and spleen, but uncertainty in the estimates obscured some differences. Compounds undergoing active transport are shown to have concentration-dependent K(t:pl). This tissue composition-based mechanistic model can be used to predict K(t:pl) for organic chemicals across eight species and 10 tissues, and can be an important component in drug development when scaling K(t:pl) from animal models to humans.
BACKGROUND: Hemoglobin A1c is the main treatment target for patients with type 2 diabetes. It has also been shown recently that postprandial glucose and daily glucose fluctuations affect the progression of diabetic complications and atherosclerotic damages. METHODS: Continuous glucose monitoring was performed in patients with type 2 diabetes to evaluate the efficacy of repaglinide vs. glimepiride on postprandial glucose spikes and fluctuations. A total of 10 Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes treated with glimepiride monotherapy were enrolled. After observation period for 8weeks, glimepiride was changed to repaglinide. Continuous glucose monitoring was performed whilst consuming calorie-restricted diets for two days at baseline and at the end of the 12-week trial. Blood and urine samples were collected for measurement of glucose control parameters and inflammatory and oxidative stress markers on the last day of taking either glimepiride or repaglinide. RESULTS: Nine patients completed the trial. Although the glucose control parameters were not significantly different between glimepiride and repaglinide, the mean amplitude of glycemic excursions measured by continuous glucose monitoring was significantly reduced by changing treatment from glimepiride to repaglinide. The levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, high sensitivity C-reactive protein, and urinary 8-hydoroxydeoxyguanosine were reduced significantly by repaglinide treatment. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that repaglinide may decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetes by minimizing glucose fluctuations thereby reducing inflammation and oxidative stress. 
Prevalence of vitamin B12 deficiency in the Indian population is not known, however; it is considered to be higher than in the Western population. Vitamin B12 deficiency is generally diagnosed by the plasma vitamin B12 level. Metabolites of vitamin B12 such as homocysteine (Hcy) and methylmalonic acid (MMA) are considered to be better markers to diagnose vitamin B12 deficiency at the tissue level. Autonomic neuropathy in vitamin B12 deficiency appears to precede other neurological signs. One of the recent techniques to evaluate autonomic neuropathy is heart rate variability (HRV). We evaluated 14 healthy young adults to explore the association of plasma vitamin B12, MMA, and Hcy levels with HRV. Resting lead II ECG was recorded and power spectral analyses were performed. Plasma MMA level was significantly and negatively correlated with the log-transformed low frequency (r = - 0.74, p = 0.002) and total power spectra (r = - 0.55, p = 0.03) of HRV in absolute units. Low frequency (LF) (r = - 0.56, p = 0.03) and high frequency (HF) (r = 0.57, p = 0.03), when represented in normalized units, were also correlated significantly with plasma MMA. In summary, plasma MMA but not vitamin B12 was significantly associated with HRV indices in a young adult population, suggesting that a tissue-level marker of vitamin B12 deficiency is more closely correlated with functional changes. 
Metabolomics is a systems biology tool providing small molecule signatures of disease etiology. In order to estimate the biologic variability of the human serum metabolome, this study calculated intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) for 178 stably-detected metabolites measured by untargeted chromatography/mass spectrometry. We studied a subsample of 60 participants (57% males, 70% Caucasians, aged 73.775.3 years) in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study who provided two fasting serum samples 4-6 weeks apart. The median ICC across all metabolites was 0.60, and 82% of metabolites had at least fair variability (i.e., ICC>=0.40). There was variation in the medium-term variability among metabolites, with those in the pathways of amino acid and lipid metabolism showing relatively high ICCs, and those in the carbohydrate pathway showing relatively low ICCs. The results of this study provide a valuable resource for future study design and outcome interpretation of mass spectrometry-based metabolomic studies in epidemiology.
This work aimed first to compare 2 diets differing in their percentage of concentrate [low (LO): 30% concentrate vs. High (HI): 60% concentrate] by measuring simultaneously feeding behavior, rumen parameters, blood and plasma parameters, and milk yield and composition in 8 mid-lactation goats. The second aim was to study the interrelationships between these variables and to analyze the between-animal variability to better understand the between-animal differences in acidosis susceptibility. All of the animals received the 2 diets ad libitum as total mixed ration according to a crossover design of two 4-wk periods. Mean daily DMI was similar between the 2 diets but the variability was higher for the HI than for the LO diet. Goats produced more milk when fed the HI diet compared with the LO diet but with a lower fat:protein ratio (0.81 vs. 0.99). They ate more rapidly the HI than the LO diet but stopped eating sooner after the afternoon feed allowance, and spent less time chewing. The increase in concentrate percentage modified rumen parameters: the pH and acetate:propionate ratio decreased and total VFA, ammonia, and soluble carbohydrate concentrations increased. Hematocrit, plasma NEFA, and blood K and Ca concentrations decreased but glycemia and uremia increased. Other parameters were not modified: milk fat content, blood pH, and bicarbonate and Na concentrations. A large between-animal variability was detected for all the measured parameters, especially for feeding behavior, with important consequences on rumen and blood parameters. This work confirmed the effects of a high percentage of concentrate on feeding behavior, rumen and blood parameters, and milk production, and some known relationships such as the positive link between rumen pH and chewing index. It also pointed out other relationships between parameters seldom measured at the same time, such as rumen redox potential or blood pH and chewing index, or the negative link between blood and rumen pH. When the animals spent a lot of time chewing, they probably produced a lot of saliva that buffered the rumen pH and prevented them from suffering from subacute ruminal acidosis. However, they used part of their blood bicarbonates reserve, which might have induced metabolic acidosis, as rumen and blood pH were inversely related. This could explain why some animals suffer from acidosis and others do not in a herd receiving the same diet, and why some animals seem to suffer more from subacute ruminal acidosis and others from metabolic acidosis. 
Proteomics is increasingly being applied to the human plasma proteome to identify biomarkers of disease for use in non-invasive assays. 2-D DIGE, simultaneously analysing thousands of protein spots quantitatively and maintaining protein isoform information, is one technique adopted. Sufficient numbers of samples must be analysed to achieve statistical power; however, few reported studies have analysed inherent variability in the plasma proteome by 2-D DIGE to allow power calculations. This study analysed plasma from 60 healthy volunteers by 2-D DIGE. Two samples were taken, 7 days apart, allowing estimation of sensitivity of detection of differences in spot intensity between two groups using either a longitudinal (paired) or non-paired design. Parameters for differences were: two-fold normalised volume change,  of 0.05 and power of 0.8. Using groups of 20 samples, alterations in 1742 spots could be detected with longitudinal sampling, and in 1206 between non-paired groups. Interbatch gel variability was small relative to the detection parameters, indicating robustness and reproducibility of 2-D DIGE for analysing large sample sets. In summary, 20 samples can allow detection of a large number of proteomic alterations by 2-D DIGE in human plasma, the sensitivity of detecting differences was greatly improved by longitudinal sampling and the technology was robust across batches. 
OBJECTIVES: To investigate the reliability and validity of the King's Health Questionnaire (KHQ), and understand the impacts of lower urinary tract symptom (LUTS) on health-related quality of life (HR-QoL). METHODS: A cross-sectional design was used and a convenience of 393 men participated in the study. The reliability was measured by testing the Cronbach's  coefficients. Factor analysis was used to explore the underlying factor structure of the KHQ. The discriminant validity was assessed using the one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) tests with post hoc analysis (Games-Howell method) by comparing the differences scores in KHQ domains between men with three LUTS severity groups (mild, moderate, and severe). RESULTS: Men with severe, moderate, mild LUTS accounted for 7.9, 25.4, and 66.7%, respectively. Internal consistency of KHQ was excellent with Cronbach's  coefficients of 0.750-0.943. Factor analysis showed three underlying components to explain constructive validity. The KHQ subscores in both the severe and moderate LUTS groups were significantly higher than those in mild LUTS group (all P < 0.05), implying that the discriminant validity was adequate. Excepting for two single-item questions, the first three greater disparities in KHQ domains between the severe and mild LUTS groups were "Emotion", "Sleeping/Energy", and "Physical limitation", while the least disparities was found in "Personal relationships" domain. CONCLUSION: LUTS could produce a substantial impact on different domains of HR-QoL. The traditional Chinese KHQ has suitable reliability and validity for men with general LUTS, and might be a useful tool for HR-QoL measure in future. 
The enzymatic antioxidant defences of mammalian cells include copper-zinc superoxide dismutase (SOD)(Cu Zn-SOD; EC 1.15.1.1) which catalyses the dismutation of superoxide anions (O2(.-)) to hydrogen peroxide(H(2), O(2))and a seleno-dependent glutathione peroxidase (GSH-px) (GSH-px; EC 1.11.1.9) which catalyses the degradation of H(2)O(2) to H(2)O and O(2). The measurement of these enzyme activities is often used as a possible biological index of oxidative stress in various clinical conditions. Complete understanding of such information requires knowledge of the random biological fluctuation of the enzyme activity which occurs in each individual. In the present investigation we examined this normal variability in 12 healthy volunteers (four women and eight men) aged 23-45 years, over 6 months. The intra-individual coefficients of variation (estimated using analysis of variance techniques) were 15% (SOD) and 13% (GSH-px). The analytical goal for imprecision was achieved for both enzymes, i.e. it was less than one half of the measured intra-individual variation. Both enzymes showed marked individuality, indicating that an individual's reference values are more useful than population-based data. The critical difference required for significant changes in serial results is 45% for SOD and 40% for GSH-px. 
A total of 1,025 adults belonging to four Brazilian tribes were simulataneously studied for 12-16 anthropometric characteristics and 7-11 blood polymorphic loci. Several comparisons using both univariate and multivariate statistical techniques failed to show the negative correlation between these two sets of variables found by other workers.  1994 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
