Prevalence of malnutrition in general medical patients.
Strong association between malnutrition, inflammation, and atherosclerosis in chronic renal failure.
The impact of malnutrition on morbidity, mortality, length of hospital stay and costs evaluated through a multivariate model analysis.
Prognostic impact of disease-related malnutrition.
Comparison Between Handgrip Dynamometry and Manual Muscle Testing Performed by Registered Dietitians in Measuring Muscle Strength and Function of Hospitalized Patients.
Interaction of Giardia intestinalis and Systemic Oxidation in Preschool Children in the Western Highlands of Guatemala.
Feeding practices of young children aged 12-23 months in different socio-economic settings: a study from an urban area of Indonesia.
Piloting a Commercial Model for Fortified Rice: Lessons Learned From Brazil.
Fasting during the suckling-weaning transient period of rats induces inflammatory gene expression in the adipose tissue and peripheral leukocytes.
Impact of short-term refeeding on appetite and meal experiences in new onset adolescent eating disorders.
Contribution of hypoalbuminemia and decreased renal function to the increased mortality after newly diagnosed vertebral fracture in Japanese subjects.
Food assistance programmes are indirectly associated with anaemia status in children <5 years old in Mexico.
Dietary Egg Yolk Supplementation Improves Low-Protein-Diet-Induced Fatty Liver in Rats.
Quality indicators for enteral and parenteral nutrition therapy: application in critically ill patients "at nutritional risk".
RelAte: pilot study of the effects of a mealtime intervention on social cognitive factors and energy intake among older adults living alone.
Gastro-Intestinal Tolerance and Renal Safety of Protein Oral Nutritional Supplements in Nursing Home Residents: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Estimating energy expenditure in vascular surgery patients: Are predictive equations accurate enough?
Clinical assessment underestimates fat mass and overestimates resting energy expenditure in children with neuromuscular diseases.
