17243927	BACKGROUND: Among other methods, trichloroacetic acid precipitation is used to quantify total protein in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). METHODS: We analyzed the influence of hemoglobin on total protein concentration assayed by the trichloroacetic acid method and compared the results to the benzethonium chloride method. RESULTS: Four CSF samples were spiked with different amounts of hemoglobin, leading to overestimation of protein concentration when assayed by the trichloroacetic acid method. Using the benzethonium chloride method, measurement of protein concentration was minimally disturbed. In addition, albumin and total protein concentrations were measured in 135 clinical samples. The total protein/albumin ratio remained constant when protein was measured with the benzethonium chloride method, while ratios increased when protein was assayed by the trichloroacetic acid method. CONCLUSIONS: Strong interference by hemoglobin leads to overestimation of the total protein concentration in CSF when assayed by the trichloroacetic acid method and may lead to false conclusions when evaluating the blood-brain barrier. 
10910985	Human consumption of chlorinated drinking water has been linked epidemiologically to bladder, kidney, and rectal cancers. The disinfection by-product (DBP) dichloroacetic acid is a hepatocarcinogen in Fischer 344 rats and B6C3F1 mice. The objective of this study is to determine the effect of the DBPs dichloro-, bromochloro-, and dibromoacetic acids (DCA, BCA, DBA) on intestinal microbial populations and their metabolism, with emphasis on enzymes involved in the bioactivation of procarcinogens and promutagens. One-month-old male Fischer 344 rats were provided water ad libitum containing 1 g/l DCA, BCA, or DBA for up to 5 weeks. At 1, 3, and 5 weeks of treatment, beta-glucuronidase (GLR), beta-galactosidase (GAL), beta-glucosidase (GLU), nitroreductase (NR), azoreductase (AR), and dechlorinase (DC) activities were determined in cecal and small and large intestinal homogenates. After 5 weeks of treatment, intestinal populations were enumerated on selective media. Cecal GAL (DCA, BCA, DBA) and GLR (DCA, DBA) activities were reduced after 1 and 3 weeks of treatment and GAL activity was elevated at 5 weeks (BCA). Large intestinal GAL (DCA, BCA) and GLU (DCA, BCA, DBA) activities were elevated after 5 weeks of treatment. Week 5 cecal AR (DCA, BCA, DBA), NR (DCA), and DC (DCA, DBA) activities were reduced. Even though some significant changes in intestinal populations were observed, use of selective media was not sensitive enough to explain fluctuations in enzyme activity. Haloacetic acids in the drinking water alter intestinal metabolism, which could influence bioactivation of promutagens and procarcinogens in the drinking water.
20153349	Dichloromethane (DCM, methylene chloride) is a lipophilic volatile compound readily absorbed and then metabolized to several metabolites that may lead to chronic toxicity in different target organs. Physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) models are useful tools for calculation of internal and target organ doses of parent compound and metabolites. PBPK models, coupled with in vivo inhalation gas-uptake data, can be useful to estimate total metabolism. Previously, such an approach was used to make predictions regarding the metabolism and to make subsequent inferences of DCM's mode of action for toxicity. However, current evidence warrants re-examination of this approach. The goal of this work was to examine two different hypotheses for DCM metabolism in mice. One hypothesis describes two metabolic pathways: one involving cytochrome P450 2E1 (CYP2E1) and a second glutathione (GSH). The second metabolic hypothesis describes only one pathway mediated by CYP2E1 that includes multiple binding sites. The results of our analysis show that the in vivo gas-uptake data fit both hypotheses well and the traditional analysis of the chamber concentration data is not sufficient to distinguish between them. Gas-uptake data were re-analyzed by construction of a velocity plot as a function of increasing DCM initial concentration. The velocity (slope) analysis revealed that there are two substantially different phases in velocity, one rate for lower exposures and a different rate for higher exposures. The concept of a "metabolic switch," namely that due to conformational changes in the enzyme after one site is occupied - a different metabolic rate is seen - is also consistent with the experimental data. Our analyses raise questions concerning the importance of GSH metabolism for DCM. Recent research results also question the importance of this pathway in the toxicity of DCM. GSH-related DNA adducts were not formed after in vivo DCM exposure in mice and DCM-induced DNA damage has been detected in human lung cultures without GSH metabolism. In summary, a revised/updated metabolic hypothesis for DCM has been examined using in vivo inhalation data in mice combined with PBPK modeling that is consistent with up-to-date models of the active site for CYP2E1 and suggests that this pathway is the major metabolizing pathway for DCM metabolism.
19071340	A direct quantification of protein in human blood serum samples is proposed based on the measurement of total internal reflected resonance light scattering (TIR-RLS) at water/tetrachloromethane (H(2)O/CCl(4)) interfaces. At pH 4.10 and in the presence of Cetyltrimethylammonium bromide (CTAB), the interaction of Arsenazo-TB (ATB) with human serum albumin (HSA) results in strong enhanced TIR-RLS signals with the maximum spectra peak located at 330nm. The enhanced TIR-RLS intensity at 330nm was found to be proportional to the concentration of HSA in the range 0.5-42.3microg/ml and its limit of determination (3sigma) is 198ng/ml. The content of HSA in blood serum samples were determined with the recovery of 97-103% for standard addition experiment.
10473651	The brominated trihalomethanes (THMs) are mutagenic and carcinogenic disinfection by-products frequently found in chlorinated drinking water. They can be activated to mutagens by the product of the glutathione S-transferase-Theta (GSTT1++-1) gene in Salmonella RSJ100, which has been transfected with this gene. To evaluate this phenomenon in humans, we have examined the genotoxicity of a brominated THM, bromoform (BF), using the Comet assay in human whole blood cultures exposed in vitro. No differences were found in the comet tail length between cultures from GSTT1-1(+) versus GSTT1-1(-) individuals (1.67 +/- 0.40 and 0.74 +/- 0.54 microm/mM, respectively, P = 0.28). The high variability was due to the relatively weak induction of comets by BF. Combining the data from both genotypic groups, the genotoxic potency of BF was 1.20 +/- 0.34 microm/mM (P = 0.003). GSTT1-1 is expressed in red blood cells but not in the target cells (lymphocytes), and expression within the target cell (as in Salmonella RSJ100) may be necessary for enhanced mutagenesis in GSTT1-1(+) relative to GSTT1-1(-) cultures. To examine this, we exposed Salmonella RSJ100 and a control strain not expressing the gene (TPT100) to the most mutagenic brominated THM detected in Salmonella, dibromochloromethane (DBCM), either in the presence or absence of S9 or red blood cells from GSTT1-1(+) or GSTT1-1(-) individuals. S9 did not activate DBCM in the non-expressing strain TPT100, and it did not affect the ability of the expressing strain RSJ100 to activate DBCM. As with S9, red cells from either genotypic group were unable to activate DBCM in TPT100. However, red cells (whole or lysed) from both genotypic groups completely repressed the ability of the expressing strain RSJ100 to activate DBCM to a mutagen. Such results suggest a model in which exposure to brominated THMs may pose an excess genotoxic risk in GSTT1-1(+) individuals to those organs and tissues that both express this gene and come into direct contact with the brominated THM, such as the colon. In contrast, those organs to which brominated THMs would be transported via the blood might be protected by erythrocytes. Such a proposal is reasonably consistent with the organ specificity of drinking water-associated cancer in humans, which shows slightly elevated risks for cancer of the colon and bladder but not of the liver.
7966442	Recently potentiation of oxidative damage in rat red blood cells (rRBC) incubated with t-butylhydroperoxide (BHP) in combination with bromotrichloromethane (BrCCI3) was demonstrated. The mechanism by which this combination (BrCCI3/BHP) potentiates the oxidative damage to rRBC was investigated in this study. When rRBC were incubated with 0.1 mM BHP, 0.5 mM BrCCI3, or the two combined, BrCCI3/BHP-potentiated lipid peroxidation and hemolysis were further enhanced under anaerobic conditions. However, the potentiation of lipid peroxidation was abolished by heating or trypsin digestion of rRBC. Electron spin resonance (ESR) studies demonstrated an increase of alkoyl radical induced by BrCCI3/BHP in rRBC, and this increase was abolished by heating or predigestion of hemolysates with trypsin. The inhibition of lipid peroxidation by diphenylamine (which reacts with alkoxyl radicals but not peroxyl radicals) suggests an important role of alkoxyl radicals. Overall, the present findings demonstrate that the increase in radical-related oxidative damage, possibly mediated by proteinlike materials, may be at least partially responsible for the potentiation of damage to rRBC induced by BrCCI3/BHP, and perhaps by BrCCI3. Although the in vivo significance of these results remains to be investigated, it seems likely that halocarbon toxicity may be amplified by elevated levels of lipid peroxide in blood.
11459142	The objective of the present study was to determine the rat blood:air partition coefficients (P(b:a)) of chloroform, bromodichloromethane, dibromochloromethane and bromoform present in vitro individually or as mixtures. The experimentally determined P(b:a) of chloroform, bromodichloromethane, dibromochloromethane and bromoform present individually corresponded to (mean +/- SD, n = 8) 21.3 +/- 1.8, 41.8 +/- 6.2, 97.5 +/- 4.1, and 187 +/- 7.4, respectively. The P(b:a) of these trihalomethanes (THMs) showed a decreasing trend during mixed in vitro exposures to 0.138 +/- 0.002 or 0.273 +/- 0.002 micromol of each of the four THMs. In general, the P(b:a) determined during mixed exposures differed by < or = 15% of the average P(b:a) determined for THMs present individually. The results of this study suggest that an alteration of P(b:a) of the individual THMs is unlikely to occur at the blood concentrations of THMs observed during mixed exposures in rats.
2363490	The use of trichloroacetic acid as a protein precipitant and denaturant in the quantitative measurement of covalent complexes of thymidylate synthase is described. Enzyme inactivated with N[3H]ethylmaleimide and inhibitory ternary complex (formed with native enzyme, 5-[6-3H]fluoro-2'-deoxyuridylate, and methylenetetrahydrofolate) served as reagents which were used to establish the conditions under which trichloroacetic acid precipitation, washing, and solubilization steps provided quantitative results. The ternary complex formed by dihydrofolate reductase with [3H]methotrexate and NADPH was used as a control to assess whether tight, but noncovalent, enzyme:ligand complexes survived trichloroacetic acid precipitation. The fact that no counts above background were detected in the pellet of precipitated protein demonstrated that the noncovalent complexes were completely dissociated by this treatment. The dynamic range of linear response for the inhibitory ternary complex of thymidylate synthase spanned five orders of magnitude, and the assay detected levels of enzyme as low as 10 fmol, a value which was essentially limited by the specific radioactivity of 5-[6-3H]fluoro-2'-deoxyuridylate. The ability of the enzyme to bind 5-[6-3H]fluoro-2'-deoxyuridylate specifically, as measured by the trichloroacetic acid assay, generated a specific binding value of 13.4 nmol of enzyme/mg protein (assuming a binding ratio of 1.5 for the inhibitory ternary complex). Specific binding values were compared to specific activity values (obtained from the spectrophotometric assay) at each stage of purification of the enzyme from Lactobacillus casei and were found to give parallel results. The characteristics of the trichloracetic acid assay procedure, which exclusively detects covalent enzyme-ligand adducts, are compared to those for other ligand binding assays for thymidylate synthase.
24214427	Electron ionization and thermospray were used in conjunction with tandem mass spectrometry methods to identify trichloromethyl/C-phenyl-N-tert-butyl nitrone (PBN) spin adducts produced in rat liver microsomal dispersions that had been treated with reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH)-generating system and BrCCl3 (or CCl4). In the identification of PBN spin adducts, a scan of precursors of m / z 57 was utilized to confirm the presence of PBN spin adducts, because PBN spin adducts produce m / z 57 from tert-butyl as a characteristic fragment. Use of deuterated PBN (PBN-d9 deuterated at tert-butyl; PBN-d 14 deuterated at both phenyl and tert-butyl) improved the recognition of PBN adducts in mixtures by precursor ion scans, because m / z 66 (which corresponds to the deuterated tert-butyl group) is characteristic and, unlike m / z 57, it is not a common fragment for any other compounds. Two new PBN spin adducts that were not detected before by electron paramagnetic resonance or mass spectrometry were identified by these methods for the first time. 
15119527	The effects of glucose infusion on monochloroacetate (MCA) exposure were examined in male rats with a view toward effective clinical treatment for MCA intoxication. Rats were injected with 80 mg/kg sodium monochloroacetate (SMCA) (single lethal dose) and then infused with saline (control group) or 5% or 10% glucose solution at 2 mL/hour for ten hours. No animal in the control group survived the total 14-day follow-up period. The survival rate in 5% glucose group was 57% at ten hours; it decreased to 14% at 14 days. The survival rate in 10% glucose group was 79% at ten hours, and all rats that survived the first ten hours also survived the 14 days. Kaplan-Meier analysis showed the survival rate in 10% glucose group to be improved upon in both the 5% glucose group and the control group. Blood glucose and lactate levels were measured every hour during infusion. Blood glucose levels decreased in the control group but remained in the glucose-infused groups. Although the blood lactate level increased in each group, there was an excellent inverse linear relation between blood glucose levels and blood lactate levels. Thus, continuous parenteral infusion of glucose solution at an early stage after exposure may be an effective clinical therapy for the prevention of hypoglycaemia and metabolic lactic acidosis caused by MCA.
1900959	Dichloromethane (methylene chloride, DCM) and other dihalomethanes are metabolized to carbon monoxide (CO) which reversibly binds hemoglobin and is eliminated by exhalation. We have developed a physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PB-PK) model which describes the kinetics of CO, carboxyhemoglobin (HbCO), and parent dihalomethane, and have applied this model to examine the inhalation kinetics of CO and of DCM in rats and humans. The portion of the model describing CO and HbCO kinetics was adapted from the Coburn-Forster-Kane equation, after modification to include production of CO by DCM oxidation. DCM kinetics and metabolism were described by a generic PB-PK model for volatile chemicals (RAMSEY AND ANDERSEN, Toxicol. Appl. Pharmacol. 73, 159-175, 1984). Physiological and biochemical constants for CO were first estimated by exposing rats to 200 ppm CO for 2 hr and examining the time course of HbCO after cessation of CO exposure. These CO inhalation studies provided estimates of CO diffusing capacity under free breathing and for the Haldane coefficient, the relative equilibrium distribution ratio for hemoglobin between CO and O2. The CO model was then coupled to a PB-PK model for DCM to predict HbCO time course behavior during and after DCM exposures in rats. By coupling the models it was possible to estimate the yield of CO from oxidation of DCM. In rats only about 0.7 mol of CO are produced from 1 mol of DCM during oxidation. The combined model adequately represented HbCO and DCM behavior following 4-hr exposures to 200 or 1000 ppm DCM, and HbCO behavior following 1/2-hr exposure to 5160 ppm DCM or 5000 ppm bromochloromethane. The rat PB-PK model was scaled to predict DCM, HbCO, and CO kinetics in humans exposed either to DCM or to CO. Three human data sets from the literature were examined: (1) inhalation of CO at 50, 100, 250, and 500 ppm; (2) seven 1/2-hr inhalation exposures to 50, 100, 250, and 500 ppm DCM; and (3) 2-hr inhalation exposures to 986 ppm DCM. An additional data set from human volunteers exposed to 100 or 350 ppm DCM for 6 hr is reported here for the first time. Endogenous CO production rates and the initial amount of CO in the blood compartment were varied in each study as necessary to give the baseline HbCO value, which varied from less than 0.5% to greater than 2% HbCO. The combined PB-PK model gave a good representation of the observed behavior in all four human studies.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
22829048	Although disinfection of domestic water supply is crucial for protecting public health from waterborne diseases, this process forms potentially harmful by-products, such as trihalomethanes (THMs). We evaluated the influence of physicochemical properties of four THMs (chloroform, bromodichloromethane, dibromochloromethane, and bromoform) on the internal dose after showering. One hundred volunteers showered for 10 min in a controlled setting with fixed water flow, air flow, and temperature. We measured THMs in shower water, shower air, bathroom air, and blood samples collected at various time intervals. The geometric mean (GM) for total THM concentration in shower water was 96.2 μg/l. The GM of total THM in air increased from 5.8 μg/m(3) pre shower to 351 μg/m(3) during showering. Similarly, the GM of total-blood THM concentration increased from 16.5 ng/l pre shower to 299 ng/l at 10 min post shower. THM levels were significantly correlated between different matrices (e.g. dibromochloromethane levels) in water and air (r=0.941); blood and water (r=0.845); and blood and air (r=0.831). The slopes of best-fit lines for THM levels in water vs air and blood vs air increased with increasing partition coefficient of water/air and blood/air. The slope of the correlation plot of THM levels in water vs air decreased in a linear (r=0.995) fashion with increasing Henry's law constant. The physicochemical properties (volatility, partition coefficients, and Henry's law constant) are useful parameters for predicting THM movement between matrices and understanding THM exposure during showering.
17656487	Exposure to bromodichloromethane (BDCM), one of the most prevalent disinfection byproducts in drinking water, can occur via ingestion of water and by dermal absorption and inhalation during activities such as bathing and showering. The objectives of this research were to assess BDCM pharmacokinetics in human volunteers exposed percutaneously and orally to (13)C-BDCM and to evaluate factors that could affect disposition of BDCM. Among study subjects, CYP2E1 activity varied fourfold; 20% had the glutathione S-transferase theta 1-1 homozygous null genotype; and body fat ranged from 7 to 22%. Subjects were exposed to (13)C-BDCM in water (target concentration of 36 mug/l) via ingestion and by forearm submersion. Blood was collected for up to 24 h and analyzed for (13)C-BDCM by solid-phase microextraction and high-resolution GC-MS. Urine was collected before and after exposure for mutagenicity determinations in Salmonella. After ingestion (mean dose = 146 ng/kg), blood (13)C-BDCM concentrations peaked and declined rapidly, returning to levels near or below the limit of detection (LOD) within 4 h. The T(max) for the oral exposure ranged from 5 to 30 min, and the C(max) ranged from 0.4 to 4.1 ng/l. After the 1 h dermal exposure (estimated mean dose = 155 ng/kg), blood concentrations of (13)C-BDCM ranged from 39 to 170 ng/l and decreased to levels near or below the LOD by 24 h. Peak postdose urine mutagenicity levels that were at least twice that of the predose mean level occurred in 6 of 10 percutaneously exposed subjects and 3 of 8 orally exposed subjects. These results demonstrate a highly significant contribution of dermal absorption to circulating levels of BDCM and confirm the much lower oral contribution, indicating that water uses involving dermal contact can lead to much greater systemic BDCM doses than water ingestion. These data will facilitate development and validation of physiologically based pharmacokinetic models for BDCM in humans.
19491488	Disinfection by-products (DBPs) in drinking water represent a public health issue and a challenge for epidemiology to provide evidence towards the causation of various hypothesized health effects. Validation of a biomarker of exposure to DBPs is a strategy to achieve progress which has been advocated. The objective of this study was to validate urinary trichloroacetic acid (TCAA) excretion as a biomarker of exposure to DBPs in an experimental exposure cohort. A total of 52 healthy women participated in the study. Participants consumed supplied tap water for 15 d and provided urine and blood samples for TCAA measurements. The findings revealed that (1) background levels of TCAA in urine and blood were readily detectable, (2) TCAA levels in blood and urine increased with increased amounts of TCAA ingested, (3) the correlations between measurements of TCAA ingestion and urinary excretion were modest (r=0.66, p<0.001) based on one days' sampling and high (r=0.77-0.83, p<0.001) based on two to four days' sampling, (4) the correlations between measurements of TCAA ingestion and blood TCAA concentration were high (r=0.80, p<0.001) and (5) multiple days' urinary TCAA measures improved the prediction of TCAA ingestion through urinary TCAA excretion. TCAA can be a valid biomarker of exposure for DBPs in drinking water.
11836015	Previous data from our laboratory indicated that the drinking water disinfection by-product, dibromoacetic acid (DBA), when applied in vitro to rat preovulatory follicles at a concentration consistent with blood levels found to disrupt estrous cyclicity, was able to block the stimulated secretion of progesterone. The present experiments focused on establishing a dose-response for such an effect and identifying the point(s)of impact of this compound along the steroidogenic pathway that underlie this suppression. Immature Sprague-Dawley rats were primed with PMSG on day 26 and killed 48 h later. Preovulatory follicles were removed and paired in culture with or without DBA (2-50 microg/ml) to reassess progesterone secretion under hCG-stimulated or baseline conditions. In addition, media supplemented with pregnenolone or 22(R)-hydroxycholesterol (22R-HC) were used to determine the effects of 50 microg/ml DBA on the initial steps leading to progesterone synthesis. Samples taken over the course of 24 h reaffirmed a significant DBA-associated suppression in baseline and stimulated progesterone release, while estradiol secretion was unaffected. This effect was mirrored by a reduction in follicular progesterone content in these DBA groups. The addition of pregnenolone eliminated this decrease, with the DBA-exposed follicles exhibiting a linear increase in progesterone release over the sampling period. The follicular progesterone content at 24 h showed that DBA treatment under pregnenolone supplementation caused marked elevations under both the hCG stimulated and non-stimulated conditions, something not reflected in the release data. Substitution of 22R-HC for pregnenolone eliminated the effect on baseline progesterone release, although the attenuation in stimulated secretion was still present. This suggests both an effect of DBA exposure on mitochondrial cholesterol transport by steroidogenic acute regulatory protein (StAR) and a possible impact on the receptor or postreceptor events triggered by hCG.
17907789	Dihaloalkanes are of toxicological interest because of their high-volume use in industry and their abilities to cause tumors in rodents, particularly dichloromethane and 1,2-dichloroethane. The brominated analogues are not used as extensively but are known to produce more toxicity in some systems. Rats and mice were treated i.p. with (14)C-dichloromethane, -dibromomethane, -1,2-dichloroethane, or -1,2-dibromoethane [5 mg (kg body weight)(-1)], and livers and kidneys were collected to rapidly isolate DNA. The DNA was digested using a procedure designed to minimize processing time, because some of the potential dihalomethane-derived DNA-glutathione (GSH) adducts are known to be unstable, and the HPLC fractions corresponding to major adduct standards were separated and analyzed for (14)C using accelerator mass spectrometry. The level of liver or kidney S-[2-(N(7)-guanyl)ethyl]GSH in rats treated with 1,2-dibromoethane was approximately 1 adduct/10(5) DNA bases; in male or female mice, the level was approximately one-half of this. The levels of 1,2-dichloroethane adducts were 10-50-fold lower. None of four known (in vitro) GSH-DNA adducts was detected at a level of >2/10(8) DNA bases from dibromomethane or dichloromethane. These results provide parameters for risk assessment of these compounds: DNA binding occurs with 1,2-dichloroethane but is considerably less than from 1,2-dibromoethane in vivo, and low exposure to dihalomethanes does not produce appreciable DNA adduct levels in rat or mouse liver and kidney of the doses used. The results may be used to address issues in human risk assessment.
9288498	Alveolar breath sampling was used to assess trihalomethane (THM) exposures encountered by collegiate swimmers during a typical 2-hr training period in an indoor natatorium. The breath samples were collected at regular intervals before, during, and for 3 hr after a moderately intense training workout. Integrated and grab whole-air samples were collected during the training period to help determine inhalation exposures, and pool water samples were collected to help assess dermal exposures. Resulting breath samples collected during the workout demonstrated a rapid uptake of two THMs (chloroform and bromodichloromethane), with chloroform concentrations exceeding the natatorium air levels within 8 min after the exposure began. Chloroform levels continued to rise steeply until they were more than two times the indoor levels, providing evidence that the dermal route of exposure was relatively rapid and ultimately more important than the inhalation route in this training scenario. Chloroform elimination after the exposure period was fitted to a three compartment model that allowed estimation of compartmental half-lives, resulting minimum bloodborne dose, and an approximation of the duration of elevated body burdens. We estimated the dermal exposure route to account for 80% of the blood chloroform concentration and the transdermal diffusion efficiency from the water to the blood to in excess of 2%. Bromodichloromethane elimination was fitted to a two compartment model which provided evidence of a small, but measurable, body burden of this THM resulting from vigorous swim training. These results suggest that trihalomethane exposures for competitive swimmers under prolonged, high-effort training are common and possibly higher than was previously thought and that the dermal exposure route is dominant. The exposures and potential risks associated with this common recreational activity should be more thoroughly investigated.
18032532	BACKGROUND: The use of chlorine for water disinfection results in the formation of numerous contaminants called disinfection by-products (DBPs), which may be associated with birth defects, including urinary tract defects. METHODS: We used Arkansas birth records (1998-2002) to conduct a population-based case-control study investigating the relationship between hypospadias and two classes of DBPs, trihalomethanes (THM) and haloacetic acids (HAA). We utilised monitoring data, spline regression and geographical information systems (GIS) to link daily concentrations of these DBPs from 263 water utilities to 320 cases and 614 controls. We calculated ORs for hypospadias and exposure to DBPs between 6 and 16 weeks' gestation, and conducted subset analyses for exposure from ingestion, and metrics incorporating consumption, showering and bathing. RESULTS: We found no increase in risk when women in the highest tertiles of exposure were compared to those in the lowest for any DBP. When ingestion alone was used to assess exposure among a subset of 40 cases and 243 controls, the intermediate tertiles of exposure to total THM and the five most common HAA had ORs of 2.11 (95% CI 0.89 to 5.00) and 2.45 (95% CI 1.06 to 5.67), respectively, compared to women with no exposure. When exposure to total THM from consumption, showering and bathing exposures was evaluated, we found an OR of 1.96 (95% CI 0.65 to 6.42) for the highest tertile of exposure and weak evidence of a dose-response relationship. CONCLUSIONS: Our results provide little evidence for a positive relationship between DBP exposure during gestation and an increased risk of hypospadias but emphasise the necessity of including individual-level data when assessing exposure to DBPs. 
14657523	Previously, we demonstrated that bromodichloromethane (BDCM), a drinking water disinfection by-product, causes pregnancy loss in F344 rats when given on gestational days (GD) 6-10, encompassing the luteinizing hormone (LH)-dependent period of pregnancy (GD 7-10). Pregnancy loss, i.e., full-litter resorption, was associated with reduced serum progesterone levels; however, we were unable to identify an effect on serum LH. Here, we reevaluated serum LH levels using the more sensitive technique, DELFIA(R). We further sought to better define the temporal pattern of endocrine disruption caused by BDCM during pregnancy with more frequent sampling. Lastly, we attempted to prevent BDCM-induced pregnancy loss using exogenous progesterone or human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), an LH-agonist. BDCM, in 10% Alkamuls(R), was dosed at 75 mg/kg/day by gavage to F344 rats on GD 6-10 (plug day = GD 0). BDCM-induced pregnancy loss was associated with marked reductions in serum progesterone and LH on GD 10. The decrease in serum LH consistently preceded the decrease in progesterone. In the hormone replacement studies, BDCM and progesterone were administered on GD 6-10, hCG on GD 8-10. BDCM was delivered at 100 mg/kg/day, progesterone at 10 mg/kg twice daily, and hCG at 0.5 IU/0.2 ml/rat. Both progesterone and hCG prevented BDCM-induced pregnancy loss. Thus, BDCM-induced pregnancy loss was associated with marked GD-10 reductions in serum LH and corresponding decreases in progesterone. Furthermore, coadministration of an LH agonist prevented pregnancy loss, supporting the hypothesis that BDCM-induced pregnancy loss in the rat occurs via an LH-mediated mode of action.
7891366	The different production of phosgene and free-radicals from CHCl3 and CCl4 was determined in vitro and in vivo, by measuring the regioselective binding to the two intermediates to phospholipid (PL) molecules. Results clearly indicated that this assay can be successfully used to selectively detect electrophilic and radicalic metabolites produced in vivo and selectively quantitate their adducts. The in vivo biotransformation of CCl4, similarly to the in vitro situation, resulted in the formation of radicals only, the contribution of phosgene to the structural damage of PL being negligible. These findings allowed us to rule out the hypothesis of substantial formation of radicalic intermediates from CHCl3 in phenobarbital (PB)-pretreated Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats, derived from in vitro data. While the role of reduced glutathione (GSH) in preventing COCl2-derived damages seems to be less important in vivo than in vitro, it is not possible to rule out the action of radical scavenging systems in decreasing the level of adducts with fatty acyl chains (FC) of PL measured in vivo.
7190985	The authors performed a comparative biochemical study of some enzymes of lysosomic origin (hyaluronidase, N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase, beta-glucosidase, beta-galatosidase and acid phosphatase), of the state of enzyme substrate system N-acetylneuraminic acid---aldolase of neuramic acid and of the activity of lactatedehydrogenase (soluble in cytosol and bound on mitochodria) in the liver, lungs and blood serum of rats at various regimens of the inhalation action of CCl4. On the basis of results obtained they determined the biological importance of the change of activity of enzymes differently localized in cells at the adaptation of an organisme to the noxious action of CCl4.
16961003	Water disinfection is extremely important for the protection of public health; however, it also forms by-products, including trihalomethanes (THMs). Previous studies of health effects from disinfection by-products have lacked accurate methods to quantify exposure over time. As a first step in establishing a better system for exposure assessment, the authors investigated which household water use activities cause a significant increase in internal dose concentrations of THMs. In this study, 7 subjects in 2 different cities carried out 12 common activities that involved water use. In 3 of these activities-bathing, showering, and washing dishes by hand-the blood concentrations of THMs increased substantially. Further analysis of the data suggested that tap water concentrations primarily controlled the blood concentrations from bathing exposure, whereas tap water concentrations and ambient air concentrations resulting from water use affected the blood concentrations from showering exposure. Further studies will focus on variables in these activities that can alter exposure.
11241565	BACKGROUND: Since 1947, the National Labour Inspection Service in Denmark has relied upon urinary measurements of trichloroacetic acid (TCA) in surveys of the occupational exposure to trichloroethylene (TCE). METHODS: We examined the paper files relating to 2397 TCA measurements to extract information about the year, the company, the work process and the worker. We used multiple regression models to analyze the effects of various factors on the urinary concentration of TCA. RESULTS: The regression analyses showed that (1) a four-fold decrease in TCA concentrations occurred from 1947 to 1985; (2) the highest concentrations were observed in the iron and metal, chemical, and dry cleaning industries; (3) TCA levels were two times higher among men compared with women in the iron and metal and dry cleaning industries; (4) TCA concentrations were higher among younger compared with older workers; and (5) persons working in an area in which TCE was used, but not working with TCE themselves, also showed urinary TCA levels indicative of exposure. CONCLUSIONS: Calendar year, type of industry, degree of contact with TCE, sex and age were predictors of TCA concentration in the urine of Danish workers. 
24010	Two new antigens were isolated from the trichloroacetic acid soluble fraction of human seminal plasma: a polysaccharide (G-3) and a glycopeptide (G-4). Both were homogeneous, and hand sedimentation constants at infinite dilution of 2.9 X 10(-13) and 2.0 X 10(-13) resectively. Chemical and physicochemical studies suggest that both are branched molecules composed mainly of alpha-D-glucopyranosidic residues. The peptide component of G-R contains a high proporiton of the basic amino acids arginine and lysine. Since both antigens are polydispered, the low percentage of sialic acids or of some amino acids determined might have antigenic significance.
16002374	Individual exposure to trihalomethanes (THMs) in tap water can occur through ingestion, inhalation, or dermal exposure. Studies indicate that activities associated with inhaled or dermal exposure routes result in a greater increase in blood THM concentration than does ingestion. We measured blood and exhaled air concentrations of THM as biomarkers of exposure to participants conducting 14 common household water use activities, including ingestion of hot and cold tap water beverages, showering, clothes washing, hand washing, bathing, dish washing, and indirect shower exposure. We conducted our study at a single residence in each of two water utility service areas, one with relatively high and the other low total THM in the residence tap water. To maintain a consistent exposure environment for seven participants, we controlled water use activities, exposure time, air exchange, water flow and temperature, and nonstudy THM sources to the indoor air. We collected reference samples for water supply and air (pre-water use activity), as well as tap water and ambient air samples. We collected blood samples before and after each activity and exhaled breath samples at baseline and post-activity. All hot water use activities yielded a 2-fold increase in blood or breath THM concentrations for at least one individual. The greatest observed increase in blood and exhaled breath THM concentration in any participant was due to showering (direct and indirect), bathing, and hand dishwashing. Average increase in blood THM concentration ranged from 57 to 358 pg/mL due to these activities. More research is needed to determine whether acute and frequent exposures to THM at these concentrations have public health implications. Further research is also needed in designing epidemiologic studies that minimize data collection burden yet maximize accuracy in classification of dermal and inhalation THM exposure during hot water use activities.
1433433	Little information is available on the toxicity of monochloroacetic acid. We report the case of a 38 year-old man who was splashed with an 80% monochloroacetic acid solution on 25-30% of his body surface. In addition to epidermal and superficial dermal burns, features of systemic poisoning occurred within a few hours including disorientation, agitation, cardiac failure and coma. He later developed severe metabolic acidosis, rhabdomyolysis, renal insufficiency and cerebral edema, and died due to uncal herniation on d 8. The 4 h post exposure plasma monochloroacetic acid concentration was 33 mg/L confirming skin absorption. In addition to its corrosive action, monochloroacetic acid probably blocks the tricarboxylic acid cycle (Kreb's cycle) and may also react with sulfhydryl groups in enzymes, causing severe tissue damage in energy-rich organs.
17060096	Generally, ingestion is the only route of exposure that is considered in the risk assessment of drinking water contaminants. However, it is well known that a number of these contaminants are volatile and lipophilic and therefore highly susceptible to being absorbed through other routes, mainly inhalation and dermal. The objective of this study was to develop physiologically based human toxicokinetic (PBTK) models for trihalomethanes (THM) and trichloroethylene (TCE) that will facilitate (1) the estimation of internal exposure to these chemicals for various multimedia indoor exposure scenarios, and (2) consideration of the impact of biological variability in the estimation of internal doses. Five PBTK models describing absorption through ingestion, inhalation and skin were developed for these contaminants. Their concentrations in ambient air were estimated from their respective tap water concentrations and their physicochemical characteristics. Algebraic descriptions of the physiological parameters, varying as a function of age, gender and diverse anthropometric parameters, allow the prediction of the influence of interindividual variations on absorbed dose and internal dosimetry. Simulations for various scenarios were done for a typical human (i.e., 70 kg, 1.7 m) as well as for humans of both genders varying in age from 1 to 90 years. Simulations show that ingestion contributes to less than 50% of the total absorbed dose or metabolized dose for all chemicals. This contribution to internal dosimetry, such as maximal venous blood concentrations (Cmax) and the area under the venous blood concentration time curve (AUC), decreases markedly (e.g., as low as 0.9% of Cmax for bromodichloromethane). The importance of this contribution varies mainly as a function of shower duration. Moreover, model simulations indicate that multimedia exposure is more elevated in children than adults (i.e., up to 200% of the adult internal dose). The models developed in this study allow characterization of the influence of the different routes of exposure and an improved estimation of the realistic multimedia exposure to volatile organic chemicals present in drinking water. Hence, such models will greatly improve health risk assessment for these chemicals.
17437090	The analysis of volatile organic compounds in samples of biological fluids characterized by complex matrices is highly challenging. This paper presents a comparison of the results obtained in this field using three solvent-free techniques: thin-layer headspace with autogenous generation of liquid sorbent (TLHS) and membrane separation of the trace substances (pervaporation, PV), both of which are coupled to direct aqueous injection gas chromatography-electron capture detection (TLHS-DAI-GC-ECD and PV-DAI-GC-ECD), as well as conventional static headspace analysis followed by GC analysis with ECD detection (HS-GC-ECD). Basic validation parameters of the HS-GC-ECD, TLHS-DAI-GC-ECD and PV-DAI-GC-ECD procedures were calculated for water and urine samples. The calibration curves for all procedures were linear within the concentration range examined. The intermediate precisions of the procedures were good and reached about 10% (for all analytes) for HS-GC-ECD and TLHS-DAI-GC-ECD. The poorest results were obtained for PV-DAI-GC-ECD: about 20% for all analytes. The lowest method detection limits were obtained for the TLHS-DAI-GC-ECD procedure: below 0.0022 microg/L for all analytes. The enrichment factors did not differ significantly between water and urine samples, indicating little or no matrix effect in all procedures.
21501533	BACKGROUND: Evidence for an association between exposure during pregnancy to trihalomethanes (THMs) in drinking water and impaired fetal growth is still inconsistent and inconclusive, in particular, for various exposure routes. We examined the relationship of individual exposures to THMs in drinking water on low birth weight (LBW), small for gestational age (SGA), and birth weight (BW) in singleton births. METHODS: We conducted a cohort study of 4,161 pregnant women in Kaunas (Lithuania), using individual information on drinking water, ingestion, showering and bathing, and uptake factors of THMs in blood, to estimate an internal dose of THM. We used regression analysis to evaluate the relationship between internal THM dose and birth outcomes, adjusting for family status, education, smoking, alcohol consumption, body mass index, blood pressure, ethnic group, previous preterm, infant gender, and birth year. RESULTS: The estimated internal dose of THMs ranged from 0.0025 to 2.40 mg/d. We found dose-response relationships for the entire pregnancy and trimester-specific THM and chloroform internal dose and risk for LBW and a reduction in BW. The adjusted odds ratio for third tertile vs. first tertile chloroform internal dose of entire pregnancy was 2.17, 95% CI 1.19-3.98 for LBW; the OR per every 0.1 μg/d increase in chloroform internal dose was 1.10, 95% CI 1.01-1.19. Chloroform internal dose was associated with a slightly increased risk of SGA (OR 1.19, 95% CI 0.87-1.63 and OR 1.22, 95% CI 0.89-1.68, respectively, for second and third tertile of third trimester); the risk increased by 4% per every 0.1 μg/d increase in chloroform internal dose (OR 1.04, 95% CI 1.00-1.09). CONCLUSIONS: THM internal dose in pregnancy varies substantially across individuals, and depends on both water THM levels and water use habits. Increased internal dose may affect fetal growth. 
11140442	We have reviewed the relevant issues in the exposure assessment of disinfection by-products (DBPs) of chlorination for epidemiological and health risk assessment. Various DBPs can be detected in drinking water and swimming pools, and the reported levels show a considerable range, but were generally below the current health standard for total trihalomethanes (TTHMs) (100 microg/l). Relatively little information is available on the correlation between the various DBPs in drinking water and in swimming pools. Chloroform was generally, but not always, the most predominant DBP. In epidemiological studies, TTHM levels have been used as an indicator for total DBP load, even though TTHM levels do not always correlate well with individual DPBs. Factors such as residence time, temperature, pH, organic content, including humic and fulvic acid and bromide levels affect the composition and levels of DBPs. Although there are biomarkers of DBPs, mainly for chloroform and more recently for the other volatile trihalomethanes (THMs) and the nonvolatile haloacetic acids (HAAs) such as trichloroacetic acid (TCAA) and dichloroacetic acid (DCAA), they have not been used in epidemiological studies. The THMs have been measured in exhaled breath and serum, while the HAAs have been measured in urine. These biomarkers have been useful to estimate the actual uptake of the DBPs and the relative contribution of various exposure routes. Physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) models exist for, e.g. chloroform, but their main target organs are the kidney and liver and they have not been used in epidemiological studies. Tap water ingestion, showering, bathing, swimming, boiling water and dishwashing are all activities that have been associated with the uptake of DBPs, and considerable variation in these activities has been observed between people. No studies have reported on the correlation between human uptake of DBPs and water-zone mean estimates, but various studies found a good correlation between THM concentrations in exhaled breath and THM concentrations in water during showering and swimming. In general exposure assessment in epidemiological studies has been limited which complicates the interpretation. These findings have implications for epidemiological studies, particularly with reference to Berkson and classical error type models, study power, attenuation and precision of health-risk estimates and study efficiency. Recommendations are made for further areas of study.
14632119	Haloacetic acids (HAAs) are environmentally and medically important chemicals. No analytical method is currently available to analyze EPA-regulated HAAs in biological samples at environmentally relevant low concentrations. Clinical studies of this class of chemicals are also limited by the lack of analytical techniques of high sensitivity and precision. We now report a new analytical method using gas chromatography/ion trap mass spectrometry for quantifying nine HAAs present inplasma, urine, and water at picogram per milliliter levels. The derivatization reactions of HAAs with pentafluorobenzyl bromide were optimized and detection with an electron capture negative ion chemical ionization mode was employed to enhance the sensitivity. Selected ion monitoring and selected reaction monitoring methods were utilized for quantitation. The detection limits of HAAs in plasma, urine, and water were 25-1000 pg/mL. Accuracies varied from 86.6 to 118.1% (intraday) and 81.7 to 119.6% (interday). Precisions (CV) varied from 0.9 to 19.9% (intraday) and 0.8 to 19.8% (interday), and linearities (r2) varied from 0.9732 to 0.9998 (intraday) and 0.9422 to 0.9987 (interday), respectively. Methyl tertbutyl ether and diethyl ether provided the highest extraction recoveries for the HAAs (74.9-107.2%). The method was applied successfully to a kinetic investigation of low levels of HAAs in humans consuming chlorinated drinking water.
12560046	The British Pharmacopoeia (BP) monograph for cyproheptadine HCl tablets requires a 'Related substances' thin-layer chromatography (TLC) test. This test revealed an extraneous spot with an R(f) of 0.1 in certain cyproheptadine HCl tablets that were under ambient retention conditions as well as those on stability programs. An investigation utilizing LC-MS, direct infusion MS, NMR, and organic synthesis has identified that the spot results from the N-oxide of cyproheptadine (a genuine degradate) and a co-eluting cyproheptadine-dichloromethane adduct, an artifact formed during the sample extraction step in which dichloromethane is used in the extracting solvent.
22225821	BACKGROUND: The effect of exposure to disinfection by-products (DBPs) during pregnancy on newborn's birth weight has been commonly described in animal studies. However, epidemiological evidence was not consistent. OBJECTIVES: To investigate the relationship between exposure to DBPs and newborn's birth weight in a Chinese population, we conducted a cross-sectional study in Wuhan, China. METHODS: A total number of 398 women who had given birth to a live singleton with a gestational age between 37 to 42 weeks were recruited from a local hospital between November 2008 and May 2009. Basic information for all mothers and newborns was obtained from clinic birth records. Among these subjects, 180 women also gave further information including maternal medical history, social status and water-use behaviors by a face-to-face interview. Urinary creatinine (Cr) adjusted trichloroacetic (TCAA) was used as an exposure biomarker. RESULTS: No statically significant results were found in the linear regression for both 398 participants and 180 participants who finished questionnaires. However, both the crude and adjusted results showed that the mean birth weight of the subjects in the third and top quartiles of Cr-adjusted urinary TCAA concentrations was decreased compared with those in the lowest quartile. Subjects in the top quartiles had the lowest mean birth weight compared to those in other quartiles. In addition, a weak correlation was observed among 82 subjects between drinking water ingestion and urinary Cr-adjusted TCAA (r=0.23, P=0.04). CONCLUSION: Our findings suggested that elevated exposure to DBPs may affect fetal growth. The effect of exposure to DBPs during pregnancy on birth weight still warrants further investigations. 
10632141	Male B6C3F, mice were exposed to dichloroacetic acid (DCA) in the drinking water in order to establish a dose response for the induction of hepatocellular cancer and to examine several modes of action for the carcinogenic process. Groups of animals were exposed to control, 0.05, 0.5, 1, 2, or 3.5 g/L DCA in the drinking water for 90-100 wk. Mean daily doses (MDD) of 8, 84, 168, 315, and 429 mg/kg/d of DCA were calculated. The prevalence (percent of animals) with hepatocellular carcinoma (HC) was significantly increased in the 1-g/L (71%), 2-g/L (95%), and 3.5-g/L (100%) treatment groups when compared to the control (26%). HC multiplicity (tumors/animal) was significantly increased by all DCA treatments-0.05 g/L (0.58), 0.5 g/L (0.68), 1 g/L (1.29), 2 g/L (2.47), and 3.5 g/L (2.90)-compared to the control group (0.28). Based upon HC multiplicity, a no-observed-effect level (NOEL) for hepatocarcinogenicity could not be determined. Hepatic peroxisome proliferation was significantly increased only for 3.5 g/L DCA treatment at 26 wk. and did not correlate with the liver tumor response. The severity of hepatotoxicity increased with DCA concentration. Below 1 g/L, hepatotoxicity was mild and transient as demonstrated by the severity indices and serum lactate dehydrogenase activity. An analysis of generalized hepatocyte proliferation reflected the mild hepatotoxicity and demonstrated no significant treatment effects on the labeling index of hepatocytes outside proliferative lesions. Consequently, the induction of liver cancer by DCA does not appear to be conditional upon peroxisome induction or chemically sustained cell proliferation. Hepatotoxicity, especially at the higher doses, may exert an important influence on the carcinogenic process.
9465273	Chloroform (TCM), a water disinfection by-product, induced liver tumors in female mice when administered by gavage in corn oil but not when given in drinking water at comparable daily doses. Because short-term studies showed that the gavage doses also induced liver toxicity, it has been suggested that the liver tumor response occurs secondary to cytotoxicity and consequent regenerative hyperplasia induced by oxidative metabolism of TCM to the toxic dihalocarbonyl intermediate. This study compares dose-response relationships of gavage-administered chlorinated/brominated trihalomethanes for hepatotoxicity, replicative DNA synthesis, and hepatocarcinogenicity in female B6C3F1 mice. The liver tumor data were obtained from previously published studies. Because bromine is a better leaving group than chlorine, metabolism of bromodichloromethane (BDCM) should produce the same intermediates as would be formed from TCM. Hence, the toxicity and carcinogenicity of BDCM was expected to be qualitatively similar to that of TCM. Dose responses for liver weight, serum sorbitol dehydrogenase and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) activities, hepatocyte degeneration, and hepatocyte labeling index (LI, a measure of replicative DNA synthesis) in female mice were similar following 3 weeks of gavage administration (once per day, 5 days per week) with TCM, BDCM, or chlorodibromomethane (CDBM). Fits of composite data for these trihalomethanes to a Hill equation model revealed sigmoidal dose responses for ALT activity and hepatocyte LI and a nearly linear low-dose response for liver tumor incidence. For this family of chemicals, the mouse liver tumor response was not associated with an elevated hepatocyte LI at doses of approximately 1 mmol/kg or less. High incidences of liver tumors were observed with BDCM and CDBM at doses that had a marginal effect or no effect on the hepatocyte LI. Thus, the carcinogenic effects of trihalomethanes are not simply a consequence of cytotoxicity and regenerative hyperplasia. The possible contributions from other activation pathways, including GSH conjugation and reductive metabolism, need to be considered in assessments of the carcinogenicity of the trihalomethanes.
7655606	A gas chromatographic procedure is described for the determination of trichloroacetic acid in urine, the major metabolite of trichloroethylene exposure. Trichloroacetic acid was derivatised to its methyl ester with BF3/methanol reagent and then extracted into toluene and analysed by capillary gas chromatography using electron-capture detection. The response was linear in the range 0.4-100 mg/l of trichloroacetic acid in urine and showed a relative recovery of 99.6%. The procedure is suitable for monitoring occupational exposure to trichloroethylene.
15747777	There have been many fatal occupational accidents of skin exposure to monochloroacetic acid (MCA). However, there have been no reports of dermatological findings and the lethal consequences have not yet been demonstrated. Therefore, harmful local and systemic effects were investigated after dermal exposure to MCA. A 0.5 mL aliquot of MCA solution (40% w/w) was applied to the abdominal skin of ten 10-week-old male SD rats under anesthesia. The exposure area (25 x 25 mm2) was 1.6% of the total surface area. The dose of MCA per area was 34.1 mg/cm2. Saline was similarly administered to 10 control rats. Histopathological findings after 10 min were observed by light microscopy. Blood samples were collected by exsanguinations from the carotid arteries after 4 h. Skin samples were collected 10 min after the initial exposure. Histological findings showed severe degeneration of collagen bundles in the epidermis and subcutaneous tissues. P(CO2), HCO(3)-, TCO2, BE and glucose levels were decreased in the MCA group. AST, m-AST, ALT, BUN, Cr, NH3, lactic acid, pyruvic acid, RBC, Hb, Hct, total protein and albumin were increased in the MCA group. The burn was determined to be a third-degree burn on the basis of the histopathological findings. The severe toxicity was probably a consequence of the rapid permeability. Biochemical parameters were a consequence of hepatocellular injuries, renal dysfunction, dysglyconeogenesis and dysfunction of ammonia metabolism. MCA reportedly enters the TCA cycle and inhibits aconitase. MCA metabolites also inhibit pyruvate carboxylase in the gluconeogenesis pathway. Therefore, the important serum biochemical abnormalities such as hypoglycemia and lactic acidosis should be monitored to find the acute systemic disorders.
22277885	Potassium bromate (KBrO(3)) is a widely used food additive, a water disinfection by-product and a known nephrotoxic agent. The effect of KBrO(3) on rat blood, especially on the anti-oxidant defense system, was studied in this work. Animals were given a single oral dose of KBrO(3) (100 mg/kg body weight) and sacrificed 12, 24, 48, 96 and 168 h after this treatment. Blood was collected from the animals and separated into plasma and erythrocytes. KBrO(3) administration resulted in increased lipid peroxidation, protein oxidation, hydrogen peroxide levels and decreased the reduced glutathione content indicating the induction of oxidative stress in blood. Methemoglobin levels and methemoglobin reductase activity were significantly increased while the total anti-oxidant power was greatly reduced upon KBrO(3) treatment. Nitric oxide levels were enhanced while vitamin C concentration decreased in KBrO(3) treated animals. The activities of major anti-oxidant enzymes were also altered upon KBrO(3) treatment. The maximum changes in all these parameters were 48 h after the administration of KBrO(3) and then recovery took place. These results show for the first time that KBrO(3) induces oxidative stress in blood and impairs the anti-oxidant defense system. Thus impairment in the anti-oxidant power and alterations in the activities of major anti-oxidant enzymes may play an important role in mediating the toxic effects of KBrO(3) in the rat blood. The study of such biochemical events in blood will help elucidate the molecular mechanism of action of KBrO(3) and also for devising methods to overcome its toxic effects.
18000836	A simple and sensitive liquid chromatography/electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometric (LC/ESI-MS/MS) method has been developed for the quantification of bioactive peptides in biological fluids. The method employs protein precipitation with 4% trichloroacetic acid (TCA) and selected reaction monitoring (SRM) using an immonium ion as the product ion. This method was applied to determine the synthetic parathyroid hormone (PTH) analog (MW 1721) in rat plasma and human hepcidin-25 (MW 2789) in human serum. TCA clean-up showed a sufficient recovery for peptides with a MW of less than 3000, and would be useful as a simple and rapid method because of direct injection of the supernatant without evaporation or dilution. In addition, TCA clean-up allowed us not only to reduce sample preparation time, but also to select an immonium ion as a product ion of SRM, which led to detection more sensitive than SRM using other types of product ions. The lower limits of quantitation (LLOQs) of the PTH analog and the human hepcidin-25 were 0.2 ng/mL and 5 ng/mL, respectively. This method was fully validated with acceptable linearity, intra- and inter-assay precisions, and accuracy. Furthermore, this simple and rapid method is applicable to pharmacokinetic studies.
12573897	Trichloroacetic acid (TCAA), a known mouse liver carcinogen and a possible human carcinogen, is found in chlorinated drinking water. We measured TCAA in archived urine samples from a reference population of 402 adults using isotope-dilution high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. TCAA was detected in 76% of the samples examined at concentrations ranging from < 0.5 micro g TCAA/L to more than 25 micro g/L; the 90th percentile concentration was 23 micro g/L (22 micro g TCAA/g creatinine); and the geometric mean and median concentrations were 2.9 micro g/L (2.6 micro g/g creatinine) and 3.3 micro g/L (3.2 micro g/g creatinine), respectively. The frequency of detection of TCAA in urban areas was higher than in rural areas (p = 0.00007), and sex and place of residence (i.e., urban vs. rural) were found to have a significant interaction in modulating the levels of TCAA (p = 0.012). Urban residents had higher mean levels of TCAA (men, 5.3 micro g/L, 3.8 micro g/g creatinine; women, 2.9 micro g/L, 2.8 micro g/g creatinine) than did rural residents (men, 2.2 micro g/L, 1.7 micro g/g creatinine; women, 2.6 micro g/L, 2.7 micro g/g creatinine). The higher frequency of detection of TCAA in urban than in rural areas and higher levels of TCAA among urban than among rural residents may reflect the fact that urban residents use primarily chlorinated water from public water supplies, whereas those in rural areas are more likely to obtain water from private wells, which typically are not chlorinated.
20414643	A urinary trichloroacetic acid (TCA) concentration of 100 mg/l at the end of the last work shift (8 h/day, 5 days/week) of the week has been established in workers as exposure equivalent for the carcinogenic substance trichloroethene (EKA for TRI) at an exposure concentration of 50 ppm TRI. Due to the continuous reduction of atmospheric TRI concentrations during the last years, the quantitative relation given by the EKA for TRI is revised for exposures to low TRI concentrations. A physiological two-compartment model is presented by which the urinary TCA concentrations are calculated that result from inhaled TRI in humans. The model contains one compartment for trichloroethanol (TCE) and one for TCA. Inhaled TRI is metabolized to TCA and to TCE. The latter is in part further oxidized to TCA. Urinary elimination of TCA is modeled to obey first order kinetics. All required model parameters were taken form the literature. In order to evaluate the model performance on the urinary TCA excretion at low exposure concentrations, predicted urinary TCA concentrations were compared with data obtained in two volunteer studies and in one field study. The model was evaluated at exposure concentrations as low as 12.5 ppm TRI. It is demonstrated that the correlation described by the hitherto used EKA for TRI is also valid at low TRI concentrations. For TRI exposure concentrations of 0.6 and 6 ppm, the resulting urinary TCA concentrations at the end of the last work shift of a week are predicted to be 1.2 and 12 mg/l, respectively.
11368561	S-(1-Acetoxymethyl)glutathione (GSCH(2)OAc) was synthesized and used as a model for the reaction of glutathione (GSH)-dihaloalkane conjugates with nucleosides and DNA. Previously, S-[1-(N(2)-deoxyguanosinyl)methyl]GSH had been identified as the major adduct formed in the reaction of GSCH(2)OAc with deoxyguanosine. GSCH(2)OAc was incubated with the three remaining deoxyribonucleosides to identify other possible adducts. Adducts to all three nucleosides were found using electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (ESI MS). The adduct of GSCH(2)OAc and deoxyadenosine was formed in yield of up to 0.05% and was identified as S-[1-(N(7)-deoxyadenosinyl)methyl]GSH. The pyrimidine deoxyribonucleoside adducts were formed more efficiently, resulting in yields of 1 and 2% for the GSCH(2)OAc adducts derived from thymidine and deoxycytidine, respectively, but their lability prevented their structural identification by (1)H NMR. On the basis of the available UV spectra, we propose the structures S-[1-(N(3)-thymidinyl)methyl]GSH and S-[1-(N(4)-deoxycytidinyl)methyl]GSH. Because adduct degradation occurred most rapidly at alkaline and neutral pH values, an enzymatic DNA digestion procedure was developed for the rapid hydrolysis of DNA to deoxyribonucleosides at acidic pH. DNA digests were completed in less than 2 h with a two-step method, which consisted of a 15 min incubation of DNA with high concentrations of deoxyribonuclease II and phosphodiesterase II at pH 4.5, followed by incubation of resulting nucleotides with acid phosphatase. Analysis of the hydrolysis products by HPLC-ESI-MS indicated the presence of the thymidine adduct.
3592563	Urine total protein determination by a trichloroacetic acid (TCA) precipitation method was automated on a Cobas Bio centrifugal analyser. The assay measures the turbidity at 420 nm when a 50 microL sample is mixed with 150 microL of 30 g/L TCA at 25 degrees C. Samples up to 5 g/L can be measured by this method and interference due to pigments and turbidity can be minimised by running a blank with 1.25% hydrochloric acid (HC1) instead of TCA. The standard curve is stable and can be stored in the microcomputer and used again. Within-assay precision (CV) varied from 2 to 4.6% and between-assay precision varied from 1.8 to 5.4%. Analytical recovery ranged from 95 to 106.5% and the results correlated well with those obtained by a manual TCA method (r = 0.98). The method is easy to perform and is considerably faster than the manual procedure, thus saving time and providing a faster turnaround time.
6489295	A pilot study to test methods of estimating personal exposures to toxic substances and corresponding body burdens was carried out between July and December 1980. Individual exposures to about a dozen volatile organic compounds in air and drinking water were measured for nine volunteers in Bayonne and Elizabeth, New Jersey, and for three volunteers in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina during three 3-day visits over the 6-month period. Breath samples were also collected from all subjects on each visit. Composite food samples were collected in each locality. Sampling and analytical methods for air, water, food, and breath were evaluated and found generally capable of detecting concentrations as low as 1 microgram/m3 in air and breath, and 1 ng/g in water and food. About 230 personal air samples, 170 drinking water samples, 66 breath samples, and 4 food samples (16 composites) were analyzed for the target chemicals. Ten compounds were present in air and eight were transmitted mainly through that medium. The two target trihalomethanes (chloroform and bromodichloromethane) were predominantly transmitted through water and beverages. Food appeared to be a minor route of exposure, except possibly for trichloroethylene in margarine. Seven compounds were present in more than half of the breath samples. Diurnal and seasonal variations were noted in air and water concentrations of some compounds, with summer levels generally higher. For some chemicals, weekday air exposures were significantly higher than weekend exposures. Some, but not all, of the potentially occupationally exposed individuals had significantly higher workplace exposures to several chemicals. Distributions of air exposures were closer to log normal than normal for most chemicals. Several chemicals were highly correlated with each other in personal air samples, indicating possible common sources of exposure.
19550438	Trihalomethanes (THMs) can form as byproducts during drinking water disinfection, which is crucial for limiting human exposure to disease-causing pathogens. The US Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA), recognizing both the importance of water disinfection for public health protection and potential risks associated with THM exposure, developed disinfection byproduct rules with the parallel goals of ensuring safe drinking water and limiting the levels of THMs in public water systems. The National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) THM blood data can be used as a means for assessing US population exposures to THMs; biomonitoring equivalents (BEs) can provide human health risk-based context to those data. In this paper, we examine the blood THM levels in the 1999-2004 NHANES data to (i) determine weighted population percentiles of blood THMs, (ii) explore whether gender and/or age are associated with blood THM levels, (iii) determine whether temporal trends can be discerned over the 6-year timeframe, and (iv) draw comparisons between population THM blood levels and BEs. A statistically significant decrease in blood chloroform levels was observed across the 1999-2004 time period. Age-related differences in blood chloroform levels were not consistent and no gender-related differences in blood chloroform levels were observed. The concentrations of all four THMs in the blood of US residents from the 2003 to 2004 NHANES dataset are below BEs consistent with the current US EPA reference doses. For bromodichloromethane and dibromochloromethane, the measured median blood concentrations in the United States are within the BEs for the 10(-6) and 10(-4) cancer risk range, whereas measured values for bromoform generally fall below the 10(-6) cancer risk range. These assessments indicate that general population blood concentrations of THMs are in a range considered to be a low to medium priority for risk assessment follow-up, according to the guidelines for interpretation of biomonitoring data using BEs.
23222181	Little is known about genetic susceptibility to individual trihalomethanes (THM) in relation to adverse pregnancy outcomes. We conducted a nested case-control study of 682 pregnant women in Kaunas (Lithuania) and, using individual information on drinking water, ingestion, showering and bathing, and uptake factors of THMs in blood, estimated an internal THM dose. We used logistic regression to evaluate the relationship between internal THM dose, birth outcomes and individual and joint (modifying) effects of metabolic gene polymorphisms. THM exposure during entire pregnancy and specific trimesters slightly increased low birth weight (LBW) risk. When considering both THM exposure and maternal genotypes, the largest associations were found for third trimester among total THM (TTHM) and chloroform-exposed women with the GSTM1-0 genotype (OR: 4.37; 95% CI: 1.36-14.08 and OR: 5.06; 95% CI: 1.50-17.05, respectively). A test of interaction between internal THM dose and GSTM1-0 genotype suggested a modifying effect of exposure to chloroform and bromodichloromethane on LBW risk. However, the effect on small for gestational age (SGA) was not statistically significant. These data suggest that THM internal dose may affect foetal growth and that maternal GSTM1 genotype modifies the THM exposure effects on LBW.
15258281	AIMS: To measure accurately urinary elimination half life of trichloroacetic acid (TCAA). METHODS: A longitudinal pilot exposure/intervention study measured the elimination half life of TCAA in urine. Beverage consumption was limited to a public water supply and bottled water of known TCAA concentration, and ingestion volume was managed. The five participants limited fluid consumption to only the water provided. Consumption journals were kept by each participant and their daily first morning urine (FMU) samples were analysed for TCAA and creatinine. TCAA elimination half life curves were generated from a two week washout period using TCAA-free bottled water. RESULTS: Individual elimination half lives ranged from 2.1 to 6.3 days, for single compartment exponential decay, the model which fit the data. CONCLUSION: Urinary TCAA is persistent enough to be viable as a biomarker of medium term (days) exposure to drinking water TCAA ingestion within a range of realistic concentrations. 
18197300	BACKGROUND: We previously conducted a study to assess whether household exposures to tap water increased an individual's internal dose of trihalomethanes (THMs). Increases in blood THM levels among subjects who showered or bathed were variable, with increased levels tending to cluster in two groups. OBJECTIVES: Our goal was to assess the importance of personal characteristics, previous exposures, genetic polymorphisms, and environmental exposures in determining THM concentrations in blood after showering. METHODS: One hundred study participants completed a health symptom questionnaire, a 48-hr food and water consumption diary, and took a 10-min shower in a controlled setting. We examined THM levels in blood samples collected at baseline and 10 and 30 min after the shower. We assessed the significance of personal characteristics, previous exposures to THMs, and specific gene polymorphisms in predicting postshower blood THM concentrations. RESULTS: We did not observe the clustering of blood THM concentrations observed in our earlier study. We found that environmental THM concentrations were important predictors of blood THM concentrations immediately after showering. For example, the chloroform concentration in the shower stall air was the most important predictor of blood chloroform levels 10 min after the shower (p < 0.001). Personal characteristics, previous exposures to THMs, and specific polymorphisms in CYP2D6 and GSTT1 genes were significant predictors of both baseline and postshowering blood THM concentrations as well as of changes in THM concentrations associated with showering. CONCLUSION: The inclusion of information about individual physiologic characteristics and environmental measurements would be valuable in future studies to assess human health effects from exposures to THMs in tap water. 
9436291	Secure determination of the binding of 99mTc-radiopharmaceuticals to plasma (P) and blood cell (BC) constituents can help to understand the biodistribution of radiophamaceuticals. The reported precipitation studies of blood with radiopharmaceuticals have shown that the results can not be easily compared between studies. We decided to determine the "gold standard" concentration of trichloroacetic acid (TCA) to evaluate the binding to blood elements for several radiopharmaceuticals used in routine nuclear medicine. We have studied phytic (99mTc-PHY), diethylenetriaminepentaacetic (99mTc-DTPA), glucoheptonic (99mTc-GHA) and dimercaptosuccinic (99mTc-DMSA) acids. Blood was incubated with radiopharmaceuticals, centrifuged and P and BC separated. Samples of P and BC were also precipitated with TCA concentrations (20.0, 10.0, 5.0, 1.0, 0.5 and 0.1 percent) and soluble (SF) and insoluble fractions (IF) were isolated. The percent radioactivity (percent rad) in IF-P depends on TCA concentration. It varied from 36.4 to 65.0 (99mTc-PHY), from 17.9 to 32.0 (99mTc-DTPA), from 11.5 to 38.8 (99mTc-GHA) and from 52.8 to 66.2 (99mTc-DMSA). The results for the binding of 99mTc-PHY to IF-P show that there was no differences in the percent rad when TCA concentrations of 0.1 to 1.0 percent were used. For 99mTc-DTPA, 5.0 percent is the best TCA concentration. For 99mTc-GHA, low values of percent rad bound to IF-P is found with TCA concentrations of 0.1, 0.5 and 1.0. Interestingly, with 99mTc-DMSA, high values of bound radioactivity are not dependent on TCA concentrations (0.1 to 10.0). Radioactivity in IF-BC depends on TCA concentration and it varied for 99mTc-PHY (80.1 to 54.1) and for 99mTc-GHA (85.5 to 61.7). With 99mTc-DTPA and with 99mTc-DMSA the percent rad in IF-BC seems independent of TCA concentration. We suggest that the evaluation of the binding of the various 99mTc-radiopharmaceuticals to blood constituents, using only one TCA concentration, should be avoided.
8674165	Sample preparation for the measurement of non-protein-bound platinum was evaluated by precipitation of plasma proteins with cold ethanol. The method was compared with the routinely used plasma ultrafiltration and with trichloroacetic acid (TCA) protein precipitation. After incubation of human plasma samples with cisplatin or carboplatin, unbound platinum concentrations were determined applying Amicon Diaflo ultrafiltration membranes and Millipore ultrafree-MC filters. For protein precipitation, 1 ml of cold (-20 degrees C) pure ethanol was added to 0.5 ml of human plasma and the supernatant was collected after 2 h, or 0.5 ml of cold 20% TCA was added to 0.5 ml of plasma. Platinum was analyzed by atomic absorption spectrophotometry (AAS). There was no significant difference between the ethanol and ultrafiltration methods in the unbound platinum concentration. The protein content in the supernatant (1.00 +/- 0.20%) was slightly higher than that in the Amicon (0.58 +/- 0.05%) and Millipore (0.55 +/- 0.04%) ultrafiltrates. On average, the TCA and ethanol method seemed to be equally appropriate. The ethanol precipitation method is concluded to be simple, convenient, and reproducible and has negligible costs.
15141106	To determine if dibromoacetic acid (DBA) affects ovarian folliculogenesis, four groups of female Dutch-belted rabbits were exposed daily to 0, 1, 5, or 50 mg DBA/kg body weight in drinking water beginning in utero from gestation day 15 throughout life. Functionality of the endocrine axis was assessed by measuring serum concentrations of gonadotropins following an im injection of 10 microg GnRH at 12 (prepubertal; n = 6/dose group) and 24 (postpubertal; n = 10/dose group) weeks of age. A day after GnRH challenge, number of ovulation sites and ovarian weights were determined at necropsy. Left ovaries were processed for histopathology, serially sectioned at 6 microm, and every twelfth section stained with hematoxylin and eosin was evaluated. All healthy follicles were categorized as primordial, primary, small preantral, large preantral, or small antral follicles. The area of each section evaluated was measured and the number of follicles in each category expressed per mm2 unit area. In prepubertal animals, DBA caused a reduction in number of primordial follicles (p < 0.05) and total healthy follicles (p < 0.05) at 50 mg/kg dose level. In adult animals, there were fewer primordial follicles in both the 5 (p < 0.01) and 50 (p = 0.1) mg/kg dose groups. No profound changes in gonadotropin profiles were observed. Although chronic exposure to DBA did not appear to have an effect on late follicular development or ovulation, DBA did reduce the population of primordial follicles. The long-term health consequences of diminished primordial follicles are unknown, but it is very likely that reproductive senescence would occur earlier.
11489877	Formation of DNA adducts following conversion of dichloromethane by bacterial dichloromethane dehalogenase/glutathione S-transferase was demonstrated. Adducts included dichloromethane carbon and glutathione sulfur atoms. A reaction with DNA occurred preferentially at guanine bases. Increased DNA degradation in a polA mutant of Methylobacterium dichloromethanicum DM4 grown with dichloromethane confirmed the genotoxicity associated with dichloromethane degradation, suggesting an important role of DNA repair in the metabolism of halogenated, DNA-alkylating compounds by bacteria.
21238955	Toxicological studies indicate an association between exposure to disinfection by-products (DBPs) and impaired male reproductive health in animals. However, epidemiological evidence in humans is still limited. We conducted a hospital-based cross-sectional study to investigate the effect of exposure to DBPs on semen quality in humans. Between May 2008 and July 2008, we recruited 418 male partners in sub-fertile couples seeking infertility medical instruction or assisted reproduction services from the Tongji Hospital in Wuhan, China. Major semen parameters analyzed included sperm concentration, motility, and morphology. Exposure to DBPs was estimated by their urinary creatinine-adjusted trichloroacetic (TCAA) concentrations that were measured with the gas chromatography/electron capture detection method. We used linear regression to assess the relationship between exposure to DBPs and semen quality. According to the World Health Organization criteria (<20 million/mL for sperm concentration and <50% motile for sperm motility) and threshold value recommended by Guzick (<9% for sperm morphology), there were 265 men with all parameters at or above the reference values, 33 men below the reference sperm concentration, 151 men below the reference sperm motility, and 6 men below the reference sperm morphology. The mean (median) urinary creatinine-adjusted TCAA concentration was 9.2 (5.1) μg/g creatinine. Linear regression analyses indicated no significant association of sperm concentration, sperm count, and sperm morphology with urinary TCAA levels. Compared with those in the lowest quartile of creatinine-adjusted urinary TCAA concentrations, subjects in the second and third quartiles had a decrease of 5.1% (95% CI: 0.6%, 9.7%) and 4.7% (95% CI: 0.2%, 9.2%) in percent motility, respectively. However, these associations were not significant after adjustment for age, abstinence time, and smoking status. The present study provides suggestive but inconclusive evidence of the relationship between decreased sperm motility and increased urinary TCAA levels. The effect of exposure to DBPs on human male reproductive health in Chinese populations still warrants further investigations.
17622976	This study was designed to investigate the protective effects of two traditionally used Turkish medicinal plants, Camellia sinensis (CS) and Urtica dioica L. (UD), beverages used against chemical carcinogen trichloroacetic acid (TCA)-exposure in rats. The preventive potential of the plant infusions was evaluated by measuring the level of serum marker enzymes, aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), creatine phosphokinase (CPK), acid phosphatase (ACP), alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH); antioxidant defense systems, reduced glutathione (GSH), glutathione reductase (GR), superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione-S-transferase (GST) and catalase (CAT); and lipid peroxidation (malondialdehyde, MDA) content in various organs of rats. Twenty four healthy rats were randomly allotted into four experimental groups: A (untreated control), B (only TCA-treated), C (TCA+CS treated) and D (TCA+UD treated). At the end of the 50 days, the plant infusions possessed chemoprotective effects, deduced by the remaining TCA-induced increased serum damage marker enzyme, lipid peroxidation and antioxidative system in rats compared with those of the control and TCA-exposed rats. According to the results, while the levels of AST, ALT and CPK increased in group B, no significant changes were observed in groups C and D. The MDA content slightly increased in tissues of all groups, being higher in group B. Antioxidant enzyme activities such as SOD and CAT increased significantly in the brain, liver and kidney of group B while they did not change significantly except for in the kidney in groups C and D. The GSH level and the ancillary enzyme GR activity did not change significantly in organs of all groups. On the other hand, the drug metabolizing enzyme, GST, activity decreased significantly in the brain, liver and kidney of group D while slight changes were observed for the other groups. The results revealed that TCA exposure induced oxidative stress in rat tissues, however, in plant beverage supplemented groups, a significant protective effect of CS and UD against TCA-induced oxidative injury was recorded. Hence, the study revealed that the constituents present in CS and UD impart protection against carcinogenic chemical induced oxidative injury that may result in the development of cancer. Also the observations, along with changes, suggest that both CS and UD may possess preventive potential during a 50-day protective exposure.
11603954	Disinfection by-products (DBP) are a side effect of water chlorination. Some toxicological studies suggest an association between DBP exposure and adverse reproductive and developmental effects. This investigation considered all toxicological and epidemiological evidence for the various effects, outcome by outcome. The weight of evidence demonstrated that no association with DBP exposure exists for over a dozen outcomes including low and very low birth weight, preterm delivery, some specific congenital anomalies, and neonatal death. The analysis found inconsistent or very weak results for all congenital anomalies/birth defects, all central nervous system anomalies, neural tube defects, spontaneous abortion, and stillbirth. The weight of evidence suggested a positive association with DBP exposure for some measure of growth retardation (such as intrauterine growth retardation or small for gestational age) and for urinary tract anomalies. Having catalogued these effects, it should be noted that exposure assessment in the epidemiological studies published to date has been inadequate to definitively demonstrate an association of small magnitude. Exposure to DBP primarily has been based on routine (i.e., quarterly) monitoring of public water supplies for trihalomethanes (THM) matched to maternal residence. In order to determine whether an association exists between adverse reproductive and developmental effects and exposure to DBP, studies must consider the THM concentration and the quantity of the water actually consumed by pregnant women.
8844978	All four possible trihalomethanes (THMs) containing bromine and chlorine, as well as perchloroethylene (PCE), were evaluated for their ability to produce DNA strand breaks, alpha 2u-globulin rich renal deposits, and testosterone changes in male F-344 rats. Rats received daily equimolar doses (0.75 or 1.5 mmol/kg) of THMs or PCE (1000 mg/kg) in 4% Emulphor vehicle by oral gavage for 7 days. No significant DNA strand breaks were produced by any THM or PCE treatment. PCE treatment produced increased hyaline droplet formation in renal tubules. However, all THM treatments reduced or eliminated the appearance of renal hyaline droplets. All four THM treatments also produced a decrease in serum testosterone concentrations on day 7, which might account for decreased hyaline droplet formation. No significant increase in cell proliferation, measured by [3H]thymidine incorporation in vivo, appeared in this 1-week study.
18296665	The concentrations of trichloroacetic acid (tca)-soluble copper and caeruloplasmin were determined in 345 serum samples taken from cattle in March 1998 by eight Scottish Agricultural College veterinary disease surveillance centres serving areas with soils ranging from being 'high' in molybdenum (Thurso) to 'low' (Perth and St Boswells). The mean concentrations varied significantly between the centres, with Thurso having the lowest values for both variables. There were strong linear regressions (r>0.8) between caeruloplasmin and tca-soluble copper for each centre but no significant differences in slope or intercept between the areas with the highest and lowest soil molybdenum, and the pooled regression accounted for 88 per cent of the variation. The distribution of the ratios of caeruloplasmin to tca-soluble copper, unlike those of the individual variables, was not normal, and 70 per cent of the values fell within 10 per cent of the mean ratio of 20.3 mg/micromol and close to the 22 mg/micromol copper expected in pure caeruloplasmin. Low ratios were generally associated with low tca-soluble copper. Ratios above 24 were found in 8 per cent of the samples and were probably attributable to acute-phase reactions and the non-specificity of the assay for caeruloplasmin.
8625942	Chlorination is a widely used method for disinfection of drinking water supplies. Reaction of chlorine with naturally present organic compounds can result in toxic by-products. One major disinfection by-product from the chlorination of drinking water is dichloroacetic acid (DCA). This chemical has been shown to be carcinogenic in rodents, yet little genotoxicity data are available to assess the possible role of DNA and/or chromosomal damage in this process. We have used the peripheral blood erythrocyte micronucleus (MN) assay and the alkaline single cell gel electrophoresis (SCG) technique to investigate the in vivo genotoxicity of DCA in bone marrow and blood leukocytes, respectively. The MN assay detects chromosome breakage and/or malsegregation, while the SCG assay detects DNA damage (e.g., single strand breaks, alkali-labile sites, crosslinking). Mice were exposed to this compound in drinking water, available ad libitum, for up to 31 weeks. Our results show a small but statistically significant dose-related increase in the frequency of micronucleated polychromatic erythrocytes (PCEs) after subchronic exposure to DCA for 9 days. In addition, at the highest dose of DCA tested (3.5 g/l), a small but significant increase in the frequency of micronucleated normochromatic erythrocytes (NCE) was detected following exposure for > or = 10 weeks. Coadministration of the antioxidant vitamin E did not affect the ability of DCA to induce this damage, indicating that the small induction of MN by DCA was probably not due to oxidative damage. Based on the lack of any difference observed in the proportion of kinetochore-positive micronuclei between the treated and control animals, we interpret MN as arising from clastogenic events. The SCG technique suggested the presence of DNA crosslinking in blood leukocytes in mice exposed to 3.5 g/l DCA for 28 days. These data provide evidence that DCA may be an extremely weak inducer of chromosome damage when provided to mice in drinking water under conditions which lead to increased levels of tumors.
17161896	The industrial solvent trichloroethylene (TCE) and its major metabolites have been shown to cause formic aciduria in male rats. We have examined whether chloral hydrate (CH) and trichloroacetic acid (TCA), known metabolites of TCE, produce an increase in formic acid in vitro in cultures of rat hepatocytes or human renal proximal tubule cells (HRPTC). The metabolism and cytotoxicity of CH was also examined to establish that the cells were metabolically active and not compromised by toxicity. Rat hepatocytes and HRPTC were cultured in serum-free medium and then treated with 0.3-3mM CH for 3 days or 0.03-3mM CH for 10 days, respectively and formic acid production, metabolism to trichloroethanol (TCE-OH) and TCA and cytotoxicity determined. No increase in formic acid production in rat hepatocytes or HRPTC exposed to CH was observed over and above that due to chemical degradation, neither was formic acid production observed in rat hepatocytes exposed to TCA. HRPTC metabolized CH to TCE-OH and TCA with a 12-fold greater capacity to form TCE-OH versus TCA. Rat hepatocytes exhibited a 1.6-fold and three-fold greater capacity than HRPTC to form TCE-OH and TCA, respectively. CH and TCA were not cytotoxic to rat hepatocytes at concentrations up to 3mM/day for 3 days. With HRPTC, one sample showed no cytotoxicity to CH at concentrations up to 3mM/day for 10 days, while in another cytotoxicity was seen at 1mM/day for 3 days. In summary, increased formic acid production was not observed in rat hepatocytes or HRPTC exposed to TCE metabolites, suggesting that the in vivo response cannot be modelled in vitro. CH was toxic to HRPTC at millimolar concentrations/day over 10 days, while glutathione derived metabolites of TCE were toxic at micromolar concentrations/day over 10 days [Lock, E.A., Reed, C.J., 2006. Trichloroethylene: mechanisms of renal toxicity and renal cancer and relevance to risk assessment. Toxicol. Sci. 19, 313-331] supporting the view that glutathione derived metabolites are likely to be responsible for nephrotoxicity.
19583459	This study was designed to analyse the reliability of using urinary and blood trichloroacetic acid (TCAA) as a biomarker of exposure. A total of 46 healthy women consumed supplied TCAA-containing tap water for 15 days and provided urine and blood samples for TCAA measurements. The findings revealed that the reliability of measurements was excellent by using measures of TCAA ingestion, blood concentration and urinary excretion (intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) > 0.75, p < 0.001). Volume of tap water consumption (ICC = 0.69) and creatinine-adjusted urinary concentration (ICC = 0.72) were less reliable. This indicated that the intraindividual variability was small and the interindividual reliability was high by using these measures in this cohort study. Laboratory variability did not significantly contribute to total variance (ICC > 0.95, p < 0.001). Other possible sources of variation such as bathing, showering, dishwashing and physical activities were unlikely to contribute significantly to total variance. For sampling strategies, 1-day blood sampling and 2-day urine sampling are sufficient to achieve reliability for an epidemiological study if a quasi-steady-state TCAA level in the body is reached. The results suggest that TCAA ingestion, TCAA loading in blood and urinary TCAA excretion are reliable measures for use as biomarkers in epidemiological studies.
19476964	This study demonstrates that levels of trihalomethanes (THMs) increase considerably when cold water stagnates in residential pipes and, more significantly, when water remains in the hot water tank. Levels of haloacetic acids (HAAs) increase as well in both cases, but less significantly in comparison to THMs. The study also demonstrates that in both the plumbing system and residential hot water tank, chlorinated and brominated DBP species do not behave in the same manner. Finally, the study shows that sustained use of water in households helps to maintain THM and HAA levels close to those found in water of the distribution system. The results are useful to identify methods of indoor water use that minimize population exposure to DBPs and improve DBP exposure assessment for epidemiological studies.
20833606	BACKGROUND: Exposure to disinfection by-products (DBPs) in drinking water has been associated with cancer risk. A recent study (Villanueva et al. 2007; Am J Epidemiol 165:148-156) found an increased bladder cancer risk among subjects attending swimming pools relative to those not attending. OBJECTIVES: We evaluated adults who swam in chlorinated pools to determine whether exposure to DBPs in pool water is associated with biomarkers of genotoxicity. METHODS: We collected blood, urine, and exhaled air samples from 49 nonsmoking adult volunteers before and after they swam for 40 min in an indoor chlorinated pool. We estimated associations between the concentrations of four trihalomethanes (THMs) in exhaled breath and changes in micronuclei (MN) and DNA damage (comet assay) in peripheral blood lymphocytes before and 1 hr after swimming; urine mutagenicity (Ames assay) before and 2 hr after swimming; and MN in exfoliated urothelial cells before and 2 weeks after swimming. We also estimated associations and interactions with polymorphisms in genes related to DNA repair or to DBP metabolism. RESULTS: After swimming, the total concentration of the four THMs in exhaled breath was seven times higher than before swimming. The change in the frequency of micronucleated lymphocytes after swimming increased in association with higher exhaled concentrations of the brominated THMs (p = 0.03 for bromodichloromethane, p = 0.05 for chlorodibromomethane, p = 0.01 for bromoform) but not chloroform. Swimming was not associated with DNA damage detectable by the comet assay. Urine mutagenicity increased significantly after swimming, in association with the higher concentration of exhaled bromoform (p = 0.004). We found no significant associations with changes in micronucleated urothelial cells. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings support potential genotoxic effects of exposure to DBPs from swimming pools. The positive health effects gained by swimming could be increased by reducing the potential health risks of pool water. 
16581538	Common household water-use activities such as showering, bathing, drinking, and washing clothes or dishes are potentially important contributors to individual exposure to trihalomethanes (THMs), the major class of disinfection by-products of water treated with chlorine. Previous studies have focused on showering or bathing activities. In this study, we selected 12 common water-use activities and determined which may lead to the greatest THM exposures and result in the greatest increase in the internal dose. Seven subjects performed the various water-use activities in two residences served by water utilities with relatively high and moderate total THM levels. To maintain a consistent exposure environment, the activities, exposure times, air exchange rates, water flows, water temperatures, and extraneous THM emissions to the indoor air were carefully controlled. Water, indoor air, blood, and exhaled-breath samples were collected during each exposure session for each activity, in accordance with a strict, well-defined protocol. Although showering (for 10 min) and bathing (for 14 min), as well as machine washing of clothes and opening mechanical dishwashers at the end of the cycle, resulted in substantial increases in indoor air chloroform concentrations, only showering and bathing caused significant increases in the breath chloroform levels. In the case of bromodichloromethane (BDCM), only bathing yielded a significantly higher air level in relation to the preexposure concentration. For chloroform from showering, strong correlations were observed for indoor air and exhaled breath, blood and exhaled breath, indoor air and blood, and tap water and blood. Only water and breath, and blood and breath were significantly associated for chloroform from bathing. For BDCM, significant correlations were obtained for blood and air, and blood and water from showering. Neither dibromochloromethane nor bromoform gave measurable breath concentrations for any of the activities investigated because of their much lower tap-water concentrations. Future studies will address the effects that changes in these common water-use activities may have on exposure.
20541479	Haloacetic acids (HAAs) are water disinfection byproducts (DBPs) formed by the reaction of chlorine oxidizing compounds with natural organic matter in water containing bromine. HAAs are second to trihalomethanes as the most commonly detected DBPs in surface drinking water and swimming pools. After oral exposure (drinking, showering, bathing and swimming), HAAs are rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and excreted in urine. Typical methods used to determine these compounds in urine (mainly from rodents) only deal with one or two HAAs and their sensitivity is inadequate to determine HAA levels in human urine, even those manual sample preparation protocols which are complex, costly, and neither handy nor amenable to automation. In the present communication, we report on a sensitive and straightforward method to determine the nine HAAs in human urine using static headspace (HS) coupled with GC-MS. Important parameters controlling derivatisation and HS extraction were optimised to obtain the highest sensitivity: 120 microl of dimethylsulphate and 100 microl of tetrabutylammonium hydrogen sulphate (derivatisation regents) were selected, along with an excess of Na(2)SO(4) (6 g per 12 ml of urine), an oven temperature of 70 degrees C and an equilibration time of 20 min. The method developed renders an efficient tool for the precise and sensitive determination of the nine HAAs in human urine (RSDs ranging from 6 to 11%, whereas LODs ranged from 0.01 to 0.1 microg/l). The method was applied in the determination of HAAs in urine from swimmers in an indoor swimming pool, as well as in that of non-swimmers. HAAs were not detected in the urine samples from non-swimmers and those of volunteers before their swims; therefore, the concentrations found after exposure were directly related to the swimming activity. The amounts of MCAA, DCAA and TCAA excreted from all swimmers are related to the highest levels in the swimming pool water.
8100433	1. The metabolism of dichloromethane (DCM) to carbon monoxide as measured by the carboxyhaemoglobin (COHb) level in the blood is stimulated by pretreatment with methanol (MET). After simultaneous administration of both DCM, 6.2 mmol kg-1 p.o., and MET, > 148 mmol kg-1 p.o., the COHb formation is inhibited. 2. MET ingestion results in a transient decrease of the glutathione (GSH) content of the liver. In rats treated with GSH-depleting chemicals such as diethylmaleate (DEM), phorone (PHO), or buthionine sulphoximine (BSO) there were no enhancements of the carboxyhaemoglobinaemia caused by DCM. The COHb formation was not influenced by an increase of the hepatic GSH concentration due to repeated administration of butylated hydroxyanisole (BHA). 3. It is concluded that cytochrome P450 IIE1 (CYP 2E1) is responsible for the metabolic interaction of both DCM and MET, and MET may be an inducer of CYP 2E1. The two pathways of DCM, the oxidative via CYP 2E1 and the metabolism via GSH/GSH-S-transferase seem to be independent.
18518807	OBJECTIVE: To assess the risk of bladder cancer in dogs from exposure to drinking water disinfection by-products and determine whether dogs could serve as sentinels for human bladder cancer associated with such exposures. DESIGN: Case-control study. ANIMALS: 100 dogs with cancer of the urinary bladder and 100 control dogs. PROCEDURES: Case and control dogs were frequency-matched by age (within 2 years) and sex. Owners of dogs enrolled provided verbal informed consent and were interviewed by telephone. The telephone questionnaire included a complete residence history for each dog. Each dog's total exposure history to trihalomethanes was reconstructed from its residence history and corresponding drinking water utility company data. RESULTS: No association was detected between increasing years of exposure to chlorinated drinking water and risk of bladder cancer. Dogs with bladder cancer were exposed to higher total trihalomethanes concentrations than control dogs; however, the difference was not significant. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Although humans and their dogs live in the same household, the activity patterns of dogs may lead to lower exposures to household tap water. Thus, although exposure to disinfection by-products in tap water may be a risk factor for human bladder cancer, this may not be true for canine bladder cancer at the concentrations at which dogs are exposed. 
9875296	Chronic exposure of rodents to perchloroethene (PER) increased the incidence of liver tumors in male mice and resulted in a small but significant increase in the incidence of renal tumors in male rats. The tumorigenicity of PER is mediated by metabolic activation reactions. PER is metabolized by cytochrome P450 and by conjugation with glutathione. Cytochrome P450 oxidation of PER results in trichloroacetyl chloride which reacts with water to trichloroacetic acid (TCA) which is excreted. The formation of S-(trichlorovinyl)glutathione (TCVG) from PER results in nephrotoxic metabolites. TCVG is cleaved to S-(trichlorovinyl)-L-cysteine (TCVC) and acetylated to N-acetyl-S-(trichlorovinyl)-L-cysteine (N-ac-TCVC), which is excreted with urine. TCVC is also cleaved in the kidney by cysteine conjugate beta-lyase to dichlorothioketene which may react with water to dichloroacetic acid (DCA) or with cellular macromolecules. The object of this study was to comparatively quantify the dose-dependent excretion of PER metabolites in urine of humans and rats after inhalation exposure. Three female and three male human volunteers and three female and three male rats were exposed to 10, 20, and 40 ppm PER for 6 h, and three female and three male rats to 400 ppm. A dose-dependent increase in the excretion of TCA and N-ac-TCVC after exposure to PER was found both in humans and in rats. A total of 20.4 +/- 7.77 mumol of TCA and 0.21 +/- 0.05 mumol of N-ac-TCVC were excreted in urine of human over 78 h after the start of exposure to 40 ppm PER; only traces of DCA were present. After identical exposure conditions, rats excreted 1.64 +/- 0.42 mumol of TCA, 0.006 +/- 0.002 mumol of N-ac-TCVC and 0.18 +/- 0.04 mumol of DCA. Excretion of N-ac-TCVC in male rats exposed to 400 ppm PER (103.7 nmol) was significantly higher, compared to female rats (31.5 nmol) exposed under identical conditions. N-ac-TCVC was rapidly eliminated with urine both in humans (t1/2 = 14.1 h) and in rats (t1/2 = 7.5 h). When comparing the urinary excretion of N-ac-TCVC, a potential marker for the formation of reactive intermediates in the kidney, humans received a significantly lower dose (3 nmol/kg at 40 ppm) compared to rats (23.0 nmol/kg) after identical exposure conditions. In addition, rats excreted large amounts of DCA which likely is a product of the beta-lyase-dependent metabolism of TCVC in the kidney. The obtained data suggest that glutathione conjugate formation and beta-lyase-dependent bioactivation of TCVC in PER metabolism is significantly higher in rats than in humans. Thus, using rat tumorigenicity data for human risk assessment of PER exposure may overestimate human tumor risks.
8378332	Dihalomethanes can produce liver tumors in mice but not in rats, and concern exists about the risk of these compounds to humans. Glutathione (GSH) conjugation of dihalomethanes has been considered to be a critical event in the bioactivation process, and risk assessment is based upon this premise; however, there is little experimental support for this view or information about the basis of genotoxicity. A plasmid vector containing rat GSH S-transferase 5-5 was transfected into the Salmonella typhimurium tester strain TA1535, which then produced active enzyme. The transfected bacteria produced base-pair revertants in the presence of ethylene dihalides or dihalomethanes, in the order CH2Br2 > CH2BrCl > CH2Cl2. However, revertants were not seen when cells were exposed to GSH, CH2Br2, and an amount of purified GSH S-transferase 5-5 (20-fold excess in amount of that expressed within the cells). HCHO, which is an end product of the reaction of GSH with dihalomethanes, also did not produce mutations. S-(1-Acetoxymethyl)GSH was prepared as an analog of the putative S-(1-halomethyl)GSH reactive intermediates. This analog did not produce revertants, consistent with the view that activation of dihalomethanes must occur within the bacteria to cause genetic damage, presenting a model to be considered in studies with mammalian cells. S-(1-Acetoxymethyl)GSH reacted with 2'-deoxyguanosine to yield a major adduct, identified as S-[1-(N2-deoxyguanosinyl)methyl]GSH. Demonstration of the activation of dihalomethanes by this mammalian GSH S-transferase theta class enzyme should be of use in evaluating the risk of these chemicals, particularly in light of reports of the polymorphic expression of a similar activity in humans.
28060640	Nonthermal plasma chemical decomposition of bromomethane (CH
11834463	The inability to accurately assess exposure has been one of the major shortcomings of epidemiologic studies of disinfection by-products (DBPs) in drinking water. A number of contributing factors include a) limited information on the identity, occurrence, toxicity, and pharmacokinetics of the many DBPs that can be formed from chlorine, chloramine, ozone, and chlorine dioxide disinfection; b) the complex chemical interrelationships between DBPs and other parameters within a municipal water distribution system; and c) difficulties obtaining accurate and reliable information on personal activity and water consumption patterns. In May 2000, an international workshop was held to bring together various disciplines to develop better approaches for measuring DBP exposure for epidemiologic studies. The workshop reached consensus about the clear need to involve relevant disciplines (e.g., chemists, engineers, toxicologists, biostatisticians and epidemiologists) as partners in developing epidemiologic studies of DBPs in drinking water. The workshop concluded that greater collaboration of epidemiologists with water utilities and regulators should be encouraged in order to make regulatory monitoring data more useful for epidemiologic studies. Similarly, exposure classification categories in epidemiologic studies should be chosen to make results useful for regulatory or policy decision making.
22156019	Although prenatal exposure to water disinfection by-products does not appear to affect the duration of gestation, its impact on fetal growth remains an open question. The authors studied the associations between prenatal exposure to disinfection by-products and fetal growth restriction (FGR) and preterm birth in the PELAGIE cohort, a French birth cohort comprising 3,421 pregnant women recruited between 2002 and 2006. Exposure was assessed by estimating levels of trihalomethanes (THMs) in tap water during pregnancy and maternal water use and by measuring maternal urinary levels of trichloroacetic acid (TCAA) during early pregnancy in a nested case-control design that compared 174 FGR cases, 114 preterm births, and 399 controls. Higher uptake of THMs (especially brominated THMs) was associated with a higher risk of FGR. Women with TCAA detected in their urine (>0.01 mg/L) had a higher risk of FGR than those with TCAA levels below the detection limit (adjusted odds ratio = 1.8, 95% confidence interval: 0.9, 3.7) and had an odds ratio for preterm birth below 1 (adjusted odds ratio = 0.8, 95% confidence interval: 0.3, 2.6). Results from this prospective study, the first to use a biomarker of disinfection by-product exposure, suggest that prenatal exposure affects fetal growth, but the causal agent or agents remain to be identified.
11213196	The study evaluated occupational exposure to trihalomethanes (THMs) in indoor swimming pools. Thirty-two subjects, representing the whole workforce employed in the five public indoor swimming pools in the city of Modena (Northern Italy) were enrolled. Both environmental and biological monitoring of THMs exposure were performed. Environmental concentrations of THMs in different areas inside the swimming pools (at the poolside, in the reception area and in the engine-room) were measured as external exposure index, while individual exposure of swimming pool employees was estimated by THMs concentration in alveolar air. The levels of THMs observed in swimming pool water ranged from 17.8 to 70.8 microg/l; the mean levels of THMs in ambient air were 25.6+/-24.5 microg/m3 in the engine room, 26.1+/-24.3 microg/m3 in the reception area and 58.0+/-22.1 microg/m3 at the poolside. Among THMs, only chloroform and bromodichloromethane were always measured in ambient air, while dibromochloromethane was detected in ambient air rarely and bromoform only once. Biological monitoring results showed a THMs mean value of 20.9+/-15.6 microg/m3. Statistically significant differences were observed according to the main job activity: in pool attendants, THMs alveolar air were approximately double those observed in employees working in other areas of the swimming pools (25.1+/-16.5 microg/m3 vs. 14.8+/-12.3 microg/m3, P < 0.01). THMs in alveolar air samples were significantly correlated with THMs concentrations in ambient air (r = 0.57; P < 0.001). Indoor swimming pool employees are exposed to THMs at ambient air levels higher than the general population. The different environmental exposure inside the swimming pool can induce a different internal dose in exposed workers. The correlation found between ambient and alveolar air samples confirms that breath analysis is a good biological index of occupational exposure to these substances at low environmental levels.
21648437	For the first time, the exposure of swimmers and workers to haloacetic acids (HAAs) in indoor and outdoor pools was evaluated through the analysis of urine samples. The subjects of this study, 49 volunteers, were male and female workers as well as swimmers (adults and children) who regularly attended an indoor pool (January-June) and an outdoor one (July and August). The results showed that HAAs appeared 20-30 min after exposure and were eliminated within 3 h. After 2 h exposure, urine samples taken from workers contained dichloroacetic (DCAA) and trichloroacetic (TCAA) acids at ~300 and ~120 ng/L levels since HAAs were aerosolized in the indoor ambient, whereas only DCAA was found in some workers' urine samples from the outdoor pool but at ~50 ng/L levels, despite the fact that the outdoor pools generally had somewhat higher levels of HAAs than the indoor pools. After 1 h swimming TCAA, DCAA and MCAA were present at concentrations of ~4400, ~2300, and ~560 ng/L, respectively, in the swimmers' urine in the indoor pool; similar results were obtained from the swimmers in the outdoor pool due to accidental ingestion. Finally, exposure estimates indicate that ingestion is the major route of exposure (~94%), followed by inhalation (~5%) and dermal contribution (~1%).
11934951	OBJECTIVES: For many decades chlorination has been used as a major disinfectant process for public drinking and swimming pool water in many countries. However, there has been rising concern over the possible link between disinfectant byproducts (DBPs) and adverse reproductive outcomes. The purpose of this study was to estimate the concentrations of trihalomethanes (THMs) in some indoor swimming pools in London and their variation within and between pools and any correlation with other factors. METHODS: Water samples were collected from eight different indoor swimming pools in London. A total of 44 pool samples were collected and analysed for total organic content (TOC) and THMs. Water and air temperature were measured along with the pH during the collection of pool samples. The level of turbulence and the number of people in the pool at the time were also assessed. RESULTS: The geometric mean concentration for all swimming pools of TOC was 5.8 mg/l, of total THMs (TTHMs) 132.4 microg/l, and for chloroform 113.3 microg/l. There was a clear positive linear correlation between the number of people in the swimming pool and concentrations of TTHMs and chloroform (r=0.7, p<0.01), and a good correlation between concentrations of TOC and TTHMs (r=0.5, p<0.05) and water temperature and concentrations of TTHMs (r=0.5, p<0.01). There was a larger variation in THMs within pools than between pools. CONCLUSION: Relatively high concentrations of THMs were found in London's indoor swimming pools. The levels correlated with the number of people in the pool, water temperature, and TOC. The variation in concentrations of THMs was greater within pools than between pools. 
12644186	Dichloroacetic acid (DCA) is a major by-product of water disinfection by chlorination. Several studies have demonstrated that DCA exhibits hepatocarcinogenic effects in rodents when administered in drinking water. This chemical does not appear to be highly mutagenic, and the mechanism(s) involved in DCA induction of cancer are not clear. The present work was aimed at identifying changes in gene expression which may indicate critical alterations/pathways involved in this chemical's carcinogenic activities. We used cDNA microarray methods for analyses of gene expression in livers of mice treated with the tumorigenic dose of 2 g/l DCA in drinking water for 4 weeks. Total RNA samples obtained from livers of the control and DCA-treated mice were evaluated for gene expression patterns with Clontech Atlas Mouse 1.2 cDNA and Atlas mouse stress/toxicology arrays, and the data analyzed with AtlasImage 2.01 and one-way ANOVA in JMP4 software. From replicate experiments, we identified 24 genes with altered expression, of which 15 were confirmed by Northern blot analysis. Of the 15 genes, 14 revealed expression suppressed two- to five-fold; they included the following: MHR 23A, cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C29, CYP 3A11, serum paraoxonase/arylesterase 1 (PON 1), liver carboxylesterase, alpha-1 antitrypsin, ER p72, glutathione S-transferase (GST) Pi 1, angiogenin, vitronectin precursor, cathepsin D (CTSD), plasminogen precursor (contains angiostatin), prothrombin precursor and integrin alpha 3 precursor (ITGA 3). An additional gene, CYP 2A4/5, had a two-fold elevation in expression. Further, in ancillary Northern analyses of total RNA isolated from DCA-induced hepatocellular carcinomas (from earlier reported studies of mice treated with 3.5 g/l DCA for 93 weeks), many of the same genes (11 of 15) noted above showed a similar alteration in expression. In summary, we have identified specific genes involved in the functional categories of cell growth, tissue remodeling, apoptosis, cancer progression and xenobiotic metabolism that have altered levels of expression following exposures to DCA. These findings serve to highlight new pathways in which to further probe DCA effects that may be critical to its tumorigenic activity.
234201	Fibrin clots formed from normal plasma dissolve readily in 1% monochloroacetic acid at 37 C. However, if the clots are washed thoroughly before the acid is added, they are no longer soluble. The agent present in the serum which causes dissolution of the fibrin clot was isolated and identified as pepsinogen. Because of the low pH of monochloroacetic acid the pepsinogen is activated and the clots are digested, simulating the dispersion of a fibrin clot which occurs in the absence of fibrin-stabilizing factor (factor XIII). Because of its higher pH, urea will not activate pepsinogen and is therefore a better agent to screen factor XIII deficiencies.
3692006	Monochloroacetic acid (MCA) causes front paw rigidity in 10% of mice surviving a single oral toxic dose (320-380 mg/kg). Mice exhibiting front paw rigidity were killed at various times after MCA treatment and their brains were prepared for histological examination. As early as 48 hr post-treatment, RBCs were found outside capillaries in several brain regions, especially the cerebellum. At time points up to 8 weeks after MCA, extracapillary RBCs were seen to be undergoing lysis, and there was loss of cerebellar Purkinje cells. Three hours after oral administration of an LD80 of MCA (380 mg/kg), entry of iv-injected [14C]inulin or [3H]dopamine (1.0 microCi) into all brain regions was significantly increased compared to controls. Increased entry of [14C]inulin into the brains of mice occurred as early as 2 hr after MCA, coinciding with the onset of signs of toxicity, and remained elevated for up to 8 hr following treatment. Further studies revealed that only those mice which were moribund but not those which were unaffected by MCA (380 mg/kg) 4-6 hr after treatment had significantly increased brain levels of [14C]inulin or [3H]dopamine. However, mice which survived an LD80 of MCA and exhibited front paw rigidity 24 hr later also had brain radiotracer concentrations significantly greater than controls. Both the lethal effects of MCA and the physical deficits observed in survivors may be associated with impairment of blood-brain barrier function.
12033307	The chemical disinfection of drinking water to control microbial contaminants results in the formation of disinfection byproducts (DBPs). The volatile trihalomethanes and the nonvolatile haloacetic acids (HAAs) are the most prevalent DBPs. It is important to monitor human exposure to HAAs because of their potential adversehealth effects, such as cancer. Among the HAAs, urinary trichloroacetic acid (TCAA) is a potential valid biomarker for assessing chronic ingestion exposure to HAAs from drinking water. We have developed a rugged, high-throughput, sensitive, accurate, and precise assay for the measurement of trace levels of TCAA in human urine using a simple solid-phase extraction (SPE) cleanup followed by isotope dilution high-performance liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS/MS). TCAA is extracted from the urine using SPE, separated from other extract components by reversed-phase HPLC, and analyzed by negative ion electrospray ionization-isotope dilution-MS/MS using a multiple reaction monitoring experiment. The method is simple and fast and is not labor intensive (sample preparation and analysis can be performed in approximately 15 min) with a limit of detection of 0.5 ng/mL in 1 mL of urine.
11445514	We conducted a field study in Corpus Christi, Texas, and Cobb County, Georgia, to evaluate exposure measures for disinfection by-products, with special emphasis on trihalomethanes (THMs). Participants were mothers living in either geographic area who had given birth to healthy infants from June 1998 through May 1999. We assessed exposure by sampling blood and water and obtaining information about water use habits and tap water characteristics. Two 10-mL whole blood samples were collected from each participant before and immediately after her shower. Levels of individual THM species (chloroform, bromodichloromethane, dibromochloromethane, and bromoform) were measured in whole blood [parts per trillion (pptr)] and in water samples (parts per billion). In the Corpus Christi water samples, brominated compounds accounted for 71% of the total THM concentration by weight; in Cobb County, chloroform accounted for 88%. Significant differences in blood THM levels were observed between study locations. For example, the median baseline blood level of bromoform was 0.3 pptr and 3.5 pptr for participants in Cobb County and Corpus Christi, respectively (p = 0.0001). Differences were most striking in blood obtained after showering. For bromoform, the median blood levels were 0.5 pptr and 17 pptr for participants in Cobb County and Corpus Christi, respectively (p = 0.0001). These results suggest that blood levels of THM species vary substantially across populations, depending on both water quality characteristics and water use activities. Such variation has important implications for epidemiologic studies of the potential health effects of disinfection by-products.
10877027	OBJECTIVE: The present study was initiated to examine a quantitative relationship between tetrachloroethene (TETRA) in blood and urine with TETRA in air, and to compare TETRA in blood or urine with trichloroacetic acid (TCA) in urine as exposure markers. METHODS: In total, 44 workers (exposed to TETRA during automated, continuous cloth-degreasing operations), and ten non-exposed subjects volunteered to participate in the study. The exposure to vapor was monitored by diffusive sampling. The amounts of TETRA and TCA in end-of-shift blood and urine samples were measured by either head-space gas chromatography (HS-GC) or automated methylation followed by HS-GC. The correlation was examined by regression analysis. RESULTS: The maximum time-weighted average (TWA) concentration for TETRA-exposure was 46 ppm. Regression analysis for correlation of TETRA in blood, TETRA in urine and TCA in urine, with TETRA in air, showed that the coefficient was largest for the correlation between TETRA in air and TETRA in blood. The TETRA in blood, in urine and in air correlated mutually, whereas TCA in urine correlated more closely with TETRA in blood than with TETRA in urine. The TCA values determined by colorimetry and by the GC method were very similar. The biological marker levels at a hypothetical exposure of 25 ppm TETRA were substantially higher in the present study than were the levels reported in the literature. Possible reasons are discussed. CONCLUSIONS: Blood TETRA is the best marker of occupational exposure to TETRA, being superior to the traditional marker, urinary TCA. 
16331909	A nonthermal, atmospheric pressure plasma, made-up of a BaTiO3 packed-bed reactor, has been used to study the formation of NOx and N2O during the plasma destruction of a range of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and hazardous air pollutants, including chlorinated, brominated, fluorinated, and iodinated methane species, in a carrier gas of air. Using the plasma destruction of pure air as a baseline, it is found that the amount of NOx formed is unaffected by the addition of a few hundred parts per million of a simple hydrocarbon (e.g. methane). In the case of the fluorinated, chlorinated, and brominated methanes, we find enhanced production of NOx and a marked increase in the ratio of NO2 to NO formed, from approximately 1.1 in air and methane to approximately 2.3 in halogenated species. However, iodinated additives (specifically methyl iodide and diiodomethane) have remarkably different results compared to the other halogenated additives; they show enhanced increases in the NO2 to NO ratio ( approximately 6-13) and reduced NOx production. The enhanced conversion of NO to NO2 is attributed to reactions involving halogen oxides, e.g. ClO and IO.
9152590	Trichloroacetic acid (TCA) is a metabolite of trichloroethylene (TRI) thought to contribute to its hepatocarcinogenic effects in mice. Recent studies have shown that peak blood concentrations of TCA do not occur until approximately 12 hr after an oral dose of TRI; however, blood concentrations of TRI reach a maximum within 1 hr and is nondetectable after 2 hr. The objective of this study was to examine quantitatively enterohepatic recirculation of trichloroethanol (TCEOH) and TCA as a possible mechanism responsible for the delayed production of TCA. Jugular vein, duodenum, and bile duct-cannulated Fischer 344 rats were used, with the collection of blood, bile, urine, and feces samples after intraduodenal and intravenous dosing of animals with TRI, TCEOH, and TCA. Samples were analyzed by GC for TCA, total TCEOH, and free TCEOH. The results show that, after an intravenous dose of TCEOH (100 mg/kg), 36% of the TCEOH in blood is attributable to enterohepatic recirculation. With the same treatment, 76% of the TCA in blood is attributable to enterohepatic recirculation of metabolites. Peak concentrations of total TCEOH in bile, after an intraduodenal dose of TRI, are over 5 times higher than peak concentrations of total TCEOH in systemic blood. Peak concentrations of TCEOH glucuronide in bile are approximately 200 times higher than peak concentrations of TCEOH glucuronide in systemic blood.
11158713	Dichloromethane (methylene chloride, DCM) is metabolized via two pathways in humans: mixed-function oxidases (MFO) and glutathione-S:-transferase (GST). Most likely, the carcinogenicity for DCM is related to metabolic activation of DCM via the GST pathway. However, as the two pathways are competing, the metabolic capacity for the MFO pathway in vivo is also of interest in risk assessment for DCM. Past estimates of MFO metabolism are based on the in vitro activity of tissue samples. The aim of the present study was to develop a population model for DCM in order to gain more knowledge on the variability of DCM inhalation toxicokinetics in humans, with main emphasis on the MFO metabolic pathway. This was done by merging published in vitro data on DCM metabolism and partitioning with inhalation toxicokinetic data (Astrand et al., 1975, Scand. J. Work.Environ. Health 1, 78-94) from five human volunteers, using the MCMC technique within a population PBPK model. Our results indicate that the metabolic capacity for the MFO pathway in humans is slightly larger than previously estimated from four human liver samples. Furthermore, the interindividual variability of the MFO pathway in vivo is smaller among our five subjects than indicated by the in vitro samples. We also derive a Bayesian estimate of the population distribution of the MFO metabolism (median maximum metabolic rate 28, 95% confidence interval 12-66 micromol/min) that is a compromise between the information from the in vitro data and the toxicokinetic information present in the experimental data.
19464572	Perchloroethylene (perc), a solvent used in dry cleaning operations and industrial applications, has been found to produce increases in hepatocellular carcinomas and/or adenomas in mice in chronic inhalation bioassays. Perc is metabolized primarily to trichloroacetic acid (TCA), which is also a mouse hepatocarcinogen. The fractional conversion of perchloroethylene to TCA by mice was determined from physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modeling of TCA in mouse blood at the conclusion of inhalation exposure of male and female B6C3F1 mice to 10, 50, 100, or 200 ppm perc for 6 h/day for 5 days. The dose-dependent bioavailability of TCA in B6C3F1 mice exposed to TCA in drinking water was estimated by optimizing the fit of time course blood, plasma, and liver TCA concentrations for TCA doses ranging from 12 to 800 mg/(kg day) to predictions of a previously published TCA PBPK model. Using the PBPK models, the area under the liver TCA concentration vs. time curve (liver TCA AUC) was calculated for TCA and perc bioassays. Benchmark dose analyses were conducted to determine the dose-response relationship between liver TCA AUC and the additional risk of hepatocellular adenomas or carcinomas (combined) in mice ingesting TCA. Using the dose-response relationships derived for the TCA-exposed mice, the contribution of TCA produced by metabolism to the additional risk of liver adenomas and carcinomas in mice exposed to perchloroethylene by inhalation was computed. The analysis indicated that the levels of TCA observed in perchloroethylene-exposed mice are sufficient to explain the incidence of liver adenomas and carcinomas.
17999340	Today's world is increasingly seeking ways to replace the synthetic drugs with the therapeutic power of natural products. This study was designed to investigate the protective effects of Foeniculum vulgare (FV) and Salvia officinalis (SO) waters infusions against carcinogen chemical trichloroacetic acid (TCA)-exposure in rats. The chemopreventive potential of the plant infusions were evaluated by measuring levels of serum marker enzymes [aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanin aminotransferase (ALT), creatine phosphokinase (CPK), acid phosphatase (ACP), alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH)], antioxidant defense systems [Reduced glutathione (GSH), glutathione reductase (GR), superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione-S-transferase (GST) and catalase (CAT)] and lipid peroxidation level (Malondialdehyde = MDA) in various tissues of rats. Female Sprague-Dawley rats, weighing 150-200 g, were randomly allotted into four experimental groups. While the control group (A) received only natural spring water, the treatment B group (0.2% TCA) supplied with the drinking water containing 0.2% TCA, the treatment C (TCA + FV infusion) and D (TCA + SO infusion) groups drank the drinking water containing 0.2% TCA and 2.5% the plant grains and leaves ad libitum for 50 days during experiment. At the end of the 50 days experiment, TCA and the plant's infusions caused different affect on the serum marker enzymes, tissues antioxidant defense systems and lipid peroxidation against TCA-exposed in rats with comparison to those of TCA exposed and control rats. According to the results, both TCA and TCA + plants infusions caused a significant increase in serum AST, ALT and CPK activity. Non-enzymic antioxidant GSH level significantly increased in the brain whereas reduced in the erythrocytes and kidney of TCA + FV and TCA + SO as compared to TCA group and control. While MDA content slightly increased in tissues of TCA group in comparison to those of control, significantly decreased in the brain, liver and kidney of rats of TCA + FV and TCA + SO groups as compared to TCA group and control. Antioxidative enzyme activity such as CAT and SOD significantly increased in the brain, liver and kidney tissues of TCA induced group whereas reduced the same enzymes activities as compared to TCA group. The ancillary enzyme GR activity significantly depleted in the brain and kidney of TCA + FV and TCA + SO groups in comparison to those of TCA exposed and control rats. In addition, the drug metabolizing enzyme GST activity significantly declined in the brain and kidney of TCA + FV and TCA + SO groups in comparison to those of TCA exposed and control rats, whereas, also reduced in the liver of TCA + FV and TCA + SO groups in comparison to those of TCA exposed rats. It was concluded that the levels of serum marker enzymes were found not to be decreased in plants treated groups due to hepatic damage induced by TCA. Also the four antioxidant enzymes were found to be activated in different degrees following TCA treatment and declined the activation of the enzymes the plant infusions accompanied by significant reduction in MDA concentration in the tissues. The observations, along with changes, might suggest that the both FV and SO may possess antioxidant properties during the period of a 50-day protective exposure.
15921841	Folate and folic acid are forms of the B vitamin that are involved in the synthesis, repair, and functioning of DNA and are required for the production and maintenance of cells. Low levels of folate have been associated with several forms of cancer, including colon cancer. Aberrant crypt foci (ACF), identified as putative precursor lesions in the development of colon cancer, have been induced by the drinking water disinfection by-product, tribromomethane (TBM). To investigate whether ACF induced by TBM could be promoted by a diet devoid of dietary folate, male F344/N rats were exposed to 500 mg/l of TBM in drinking water and fed either a normal or no folate diet (NFD) for 26 weeks. At the conclusion of the study, colons were excised and examined for ACF. Rats exposed to TBM and fed a NFD, evident by significantly reduced serum folate concentrations and elevated serum homocysteine levels, had significant increases of ACF when compared to rats exposed to TBM and fed a normal diet. This study highlights the important role that diet, especially folate intake, represents in protecting the colon against TBM-induced ACF.
15141287	Male F344 rats exposed to bromodichloromethane (BDCM) by gavage at 50 or 100 mg/kg/day for 5 days a week for 28 days excreted large amounts of formic acid in their urine, which was accompanied by a change in urinary pH. Male B6C3F1 mice exposed to BDCM at 25 or 50 mg/kg/day for 5 days a week for 28 days also excreted increased amounts of formic acid in their urine. In rats, formate excretion was dose and time dependant, being markedly elevated after four doses and remaining at that level after 3 weeks of dosing at 100 mg/kg/day BDCM, while at 50 mg/kg/day there was some suggestion of a decline after 3 weeks. In contrast, in mice formate excretion did not start to a major extent until 3 weeks of dosing, with the biggest response at 4 weeks. There was no increase in clinical chemistry markers of liver or kidney injury in either rats or mice following 28-day exposure to BDCM. However, morphological examination of the kidneys showed some mild renal tubule injury in two out of five rats exposed to 100 mg/kg/day BDCM. This was associated with a marked increase in cell proliferation in the renal cortex of all rats exposed to 100 mg/kg/day. No increase in cell proliferation was seen in the renal cortex of rats exposed to BDCM at 50 mg/kg/day, or in mice exposed to 25 or 50 mg/kg/day BDCM for 28 days. Long-term exposure to formic acid is known to cause kidney damage, suggesting that excretion of this acid may be a contributory factor to the increase in cell proliferation and kidney damage seen in the longer-term studies with BDCM.
12975328	Trichloroacetic acid (TCA), a mouse liver carcinogen, is a drinking water contaminant and a metabolite of solvents such as trichloroethylene and perchloroethylene. Because acidic drugs are often bound more strongly to human than to rodent plasma proteins, a study was undertaken to determine whether this was the case for TCA and to clarify the mechanistic bases for species differences. Equilibrium dialysis was used to measure in vitro binding of a range of TCA concentrations to plasma of humans, rats, and mice. Plots of observed data for free versus bound TCA concentrations were compared with simulations from each of three binding models: a single saturable site model; a saturable plus nonsaturable site model; and a two-saturable site model. Dissociation values (Kd) did not differ significantly from one species to another, but N (number of binding sites/molecule) ranged from 2.97 for humans to 0.17 for mice. Binding capacities (Bmax) for humans, rats, and mice were 709, 283, and 29 microM, respectively. The greater plasma protein binding of TCA in humans would be expected to not only increase the residence time of the compound in the bloodstream, but to substantially reduce the proportion of TCA that is available for uptake by the liver and other tissues. Species differences in the bound fraction diminished at very low, environmentally relevant TCA concentrations, but the percentage bound increased markedly. These findings suggest that the practice of using total blood levels of TCA as a dose metric in interspecies extrapolation of cancer risks needs to be re-examined.
10378450	Trihalomethanes (THMs; chloroform, bromoform, bromodichloromethane, dibromochloromethane), formed as by-products of chlorine disinfection, are found to occur in combination in drinking water supplies. THMs are metabolized by cytochromes P-450 and are likely substrates of CYP2E1. Therefore, it is possible that mixed exposure results in toxicokinetic interactions among THMs. The toxicokinetics of THMs during mixed exposures has not been investigated previously. The purpose of this study was to characterize the blood kinetics of the four THMs administered singly or in combination in the rat. A single dose of 0.25 mmol/kg or 0.5 mmol/kg b.w., of each THM alone, or of a quaternary mixture containing 0.25 mmol/kg of each THM (total dose of 1.0 mmol/kg) was administered by gavage. The venous blood concentrations of the THMs were measured by headspace gas chromatography (GC) at 20, 40, 60, 120, 180, 270 and 360 min post-administration. Results showed a nonlinear relationship between the area under the blood concentration versus time curves (AUCs) and administered doses of THMs, suggesting that metabolism is saturated in this dose range. The venous blood concentrations of THMs following administration of the quaternary mixture were significantly higher compared to single exposures. The altered kinetics of THMs during combined exposures is consistent with the occurrence of mutual inhibition of their hepatic metabolism. Simulation exercises conducted with physiologically based toxicokinetic models support metabolic inhibition as the possible mechanism of the interaction among THMs. The data reported in this study provide the starting point for evaluating the significance of interactions among THMs in the risk assessment process.
9924004	Exposure to disinfection by-products (DBPs) of drinking water is multiroute and occurs in households serviced by municipal water treatment facilities that disinfect the water as a necessary step to halt the spread of waterborne infectious diseases. Biomarkers of the two most abundant groups of DBPs of chlorination, exhaled breath levels of trihalomethanes (THMs) and urinary levels of two haloacetic acids, were compared to exposure estimates calculated from in-home tap water concentrations and responses to a questionnaire related to water usage. Background THM breath concentrations were uniformly low. Strong relationships were identified between the THM breath concentrations collected after a shower and both the THM water concentration and the THM exposure from a shower, after adjusting for the postshower delay time in collecting the breath sample. Urinary haloacetic acid excretion rates were not correlated to water concentrations. Urinary trichloroacetic acid excretion rates were correlated with ingestion exposure, and that correlation was stronger in a subset of individuals who consumed beverages primarily within their home where the concentration measurements were made. No correlation was observed between an average 48-hr exposure estimate and the urinary dichloroacetic acid excretion rate, presumably because of its short biological half-life. Valid biomarkers were identified for DBP exposures, but the time between the exposure and sample collection should be considered to account for different metabolic rates among the DBPs. Further, using water concentration as an exposure estimate can introduce misclassification of exposure for DBPs whose primary route is ingestion due to the great variability in the amount of water ingested across a population.
15902975	The prevalence of disinfection by-products in drinking water supplies has raised concerns about possible adverse health effects from chronic exposure to these compounds. To support studies exploring the relation between exposure to trihalomethanes (THMs) and adverse health effects, an automated analytical method was developed using capillary gas chromatography (GC) and high-resolution mass spectrometry (MS) with selected ion mass detection and isotope-dilution techniques. This method quantified trace levels of THMs (including chloroform, bromodichloromethane, dibromochloromethane, and bromoform) and methyl tert-butyl ether (MTBE) in human blood. Analyte responses were adequate for measuring background levels after extraction of these volatile organic compounds with either purge-and-trap extraction or headspace solid-phase microextraction (SPME). The SPME method was chosen because of its ease of use and higher throughput. Detection limits for the SPME GC-MS method ranged from 0.3 to 2.4 ng/L, with linear ranges of three orders of magnitude. This method proved adequate for measuring the THMs and MTBE in most blood samples tested from a diverse U.S. reference population.
7268197	Rats were exposed to dichloromethane vapor in concentrations of 500 ppm, 1000 ppm, or 1000 ppm as a time-weighted average. All of the exposures lasted for 6 h, five days a week for two weeks. Kidney microsomes displayed a dose-dependent enhancement of the ethoxy-coumarin O-deethylase activity. After the second week the enhancement was accompanied by an increase in the renal glutathione content. In the liver, the UDP-glucuronosyltransferase activity showed a dose-dependent increase and the NADPH-cytochrome c reductase activity decreased. The hepatic glutathione content remained unchanged. Dichloromethane exposure did not affect the hemoglobin concentration of the blood. An 8 to 9% COHb concentration was found after exposure in all of the study groups. The similarity of COHb concentrations suggest that, in the rat, the metabolic pathway converting dichloromethane to CO is saturated already at the lowest exposure level under study.
12598663	AIMS: To examine the effect of trimester specific and pregnancy average total trihalomethane (TTHM) exposure on infant birth weight, low birth weight, and intrauterine growth retardation in term births, as well as gestational age and preterm delivery in all births. METHODS: Cross sectional analysis of 56 513 singleton infants born to residents of Massachusetts during 1990. City specific aggregate data were used to estimate maternal exposure to TTHM concentration; individual maternal information was used to adjust for confounding. RESULTS: Increased pregnancy average and second trimester TTHM exposure were associated with small for gestational age and reductions in birth weight after adjusting for potential confounding variables. Compared to </=60 micro g/l, pregnancy average TTHM exposure over 80 micro g/l was associated with a 32 g reduction in birth weight. There was a 23 g reduction in birth weight in infants born to mothers exposed to greater than 80 micro g/l TTHM during the second trimester. For each 20 micro g/l increase in TTHM, the estimated reduction in birth was 2.8 g for pregnancy average exposure and 2.6 g for second trimester exposure. An increased risk of small for gestational age births was found for pregnancy average (odds ratio (OR) 1.14; 95% CI 1.02 to 1.26) and second trimester (OR 1.13, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.24) TTHM levels greater than 80 micro g/l. There was no evidence of an association between preterm delivery and increased TTHM levels, but there were slight increases in gestational duration associated with TTHM concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal exposure to THMs may be associated with fetal growth retardation. Our findings are consistent with most previous work, although we generally found smaller effects of TTHMs on low birth weight and intrauterine growth retardation. 
8494496	A hitherto unknown glutathione-S-transferase in human erythrocytes displays polymorphism: three quarters of the population ("conjugators") possess, whereas one quarter ("non-conjugators") lack this specific activity. A standard method for the identification of conjugators and non-conjugators with the use of methyl bromide and gas chromatography (head space technique) is described. Three substrates of the polymorphic enzyme, methyl bromide, ethylene oxide and dichloromethane (methylene chloride), were incubated in vitro with individual whole blood samples of conjugators and non-conjugators. All three substances led to a marked increase of sister chromatid exchanges (SCE) in the lymphocytes of the non-conjugators but not in those of conjugators. A protective effect of the glutathione-S-transferase activity in human erythrocytes for the cytogenetic toxicity of these chemicals in vitro is thus confirmed. Since the enzyme activity is not found in erythrocytes of laboratory animals, species extrapolations for risk assessment of methyl bromide, ethylene oxide and dichloromethane should be reconsidered.
8421320	The disposition of dichloroacetic acid (DCA) was investigated in Fischer 344 rats over the 48 h after oral gavage of 282 mg/kg of 1- or 2-[14C]-DCA (1-DCA or 2-DCA) and 28.2 mg/kg of 2-DCA. DCA was absorbed quickly, and the major route of disposition was through exhalation of carbon dioxide and elimination in the urine. The dispositions of 1- and 2-DCA at 282 mg/kg were similar. With 2-DCA, the disposition differed with dose in that the percentage of the dose expired as carbon dioxide decreased from 34.4% (28.2 mg/kg) to 25.0% (282 mg/kg), while the percentage of the radioactivity excreted in the urine increased from 12.7 to 35.2%. This percentage increase in the urinary excretion was mostly attributable to the presence of unmetabolized DCA, which comprised more than 20% at the higher dose and less than 1% at the lower dose. The major urinary metabolites were glycolic acid, glyoxylic acid, and oxalic acid. DCA and its metabolites accumulated in the tissues and were eliminated slowly. After 48 h, 36.4%, 26.2%, and 20.8% of the dose was retained in the tissues of rats administered 28.2 and 282 mg/kg of 2-DCA and 282 mg/kg of 1-DCA, respectively. Of the organs examined, the liver (4.9-7.9% of dose) and muscle (4.5-9.9%) contained the most radioactivity, followed by skin (3.3-4.5%), blood (1.4-2.6%), and intestines (1.0-1.7%). One metabolite, glyoxylic acid, which is mutagenic, might be responsible for or contribute to the carcinogenicity of DCA.
6347856	Obese-hyperglycaemic mice and lean mice were injected with dichloroacetate to determine the significance of gluconeogenesis in maintaining the hyperglycaemia of obese mice and to investigate the effects of a fall in blood glucose on fatty acid synthesis. One hour after the second of two, hourly, injections of dichloroacetate the blood glucose concentrations in fed and starved lean mice were decreased, whereas in obese mice they were sharply increased. In obese and lean mice, both fed and starved, dichloroacetate decreased plasma lactate but insulin was unchanged. The quantity of liver glycogen was decreased in all dichloroacetate treated mice, with the largest falls in fed and starved obese mice, which had much larger glycogen stores than lean mice. Dichloroacetate treatment decreased the concentration of plasma non-esterified fatty acids in fed and starved obese mice and fed lean mice but not in starved lean mice. Fatty acid synthesis in white (inguinal, subcutaneous) adipose tissue was stimulated by dichloroacetate in fed obese mice and inhibited in fed lean mice. Fatty acid synthesis in brown adipose tissue (scapular) was faster than in white adipose tissue and was less affected by dichloroacetate although the changes were in the same direction as in white adipose tissue. We attribute the increased hyperglycaemia of obese mice treated with dichloroacetate to increased glycogenolysis coupled with a failure to secrete additional insulin in response to the raised blood glucose. This high blood glucose concentration in dichloroacetate treated obese mice may in turn explain the increased fatty acid synthesis in their white adipose tissue.
12117645	We addressed the need for a biomarker of ingestion exposure to drinking water disinfection by-products by performing a human exposure trial. We evaluated urinary excretion of trichloroacetic acid (TCAA) as an exposure biomarker using 10 volunteers who normally consume their domestic tap water. We recruited the volunteers at a water quality research laboratory in Adelaide, Australia. Participants maintained a detailed consumption and exposure diary over the 5-week study. We also analyzed tap water and first morning urine (FMU) samples for TCAA, and tap water for chloral hydrate (CH). We documented both interindividual and intraindividual variability in TCAA ingestion and urinary excretion, and both were substantial. With a TCAA-free bottled water intervention, we used creatinine-adjusted urinary TCAA levels to estimate urinary TCAA excretion half-lives for three of the participants. We observed correspondence over time between estimated TCAA excretion, calculated from TCAA + CH ingestion levels, and measured TCAA urinary excretion. This study demonstrates the merits and feasibility of using TCAA in FMU as an exposure biomarker, and reveals remaining concerns about possible alternate sources of TCAA exposure for individuals with low drinking water ingestion exposure.
23454109	Toxicological studies showed that trihalomethanes (THMs), the most abundant classes of disinfection by-products (DBPs) in drinking water, impaired male reproductive health, but epidemiological evidence is limited and inconsistent. This study aimed to examine the associations of baseline blood THMs with semen parameters and serum total testosterone in a Chinese population. We recruited 401 men seeking semen examination from the Reproductive Center of Tongji Hospital in Wuhan, China between April 2011 and May 2012. Baseline blood concentrations of THMs, including chloroform (TCM), bromodichloromethane (BDCM), dibromochloromethane (DBCM), and bromoform (TBM) were measured using SPME-GC/ECD method. Semen quality and serum total testosterone were analyzed. Multivariable linear regressions were used to assess the associations of baseline blood THM concentrations with semen parameters and serum total testosterone levels. We found that baseline blood THM concentrations were not associated with decrements in sperm motility, sperm straight-line and curvilinear velocity. However, moderate levels of BDCM (β=-0.13 million; 95% CI: -0.22, -0.03) and DBCM (β=-4.74%; 95% CI: -8.07, -1.42) were associated with decreased sperm count and declined sperm linearity compared with low levels, respectively. Suggestive dose-response relationships were also observed between elevated blood TCM or ∑ THMs (sum of TCM, BDCM, DBCM and TBM) concentration and decreased sperm concentration (both p for trend=0.07), and between elevated blood DBCM concentration and decreased serum total testosterone (p for trend=0.07). Our results indicate that elevated THM exposure may lead to decreased sperm concentration and serum total testosterone. However, the effects of THM exposure on male reproductive health still warrant further studies in humans.
18171646	In this research, the authors examined the relation between the estimated concentrations in drinking water of disinfectant byproduct (DBP) trihalomethanes (THMs) and the risk for urinary bladder cancer in a case-control study of 567 white men aged 35 to 90 years, in western New York State. They used logistic regression to estimate odds ratios (ORS) and to assess the effects of THM consumption on cancer risk. Higher levels of consumption of THMs led to increased risk for cancer of the urinary bladder (total 551, a composite measure of THMs based upon method 551 developed by the US Environmental Protection Agency: OR = 2.34; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.01-3.66). Results were most significant for bromoform (OR = 3.05; 95% CI = 1.51-5.69), and risk was highest (OR = 5.85; 95% CI = 1.93-17.46) for those who consumed the greatest amount of water at points within the distribution system with the oldest postdisinfected tap water.
15776496	Dichloroacetic acid (DCA) is a compound found in chlorinated drinking water. In addition, the compound is a metabolite of several halogenated solvents, including trichloroethylene (TCE) and perchloroethylene (PCE). Exposure to DCA is of concern because high doses of the compound have been shown to cause cancer in laboratory animals. Dosages of TCE administered to animals in cancer studies are designed to elicit maximal DCA formation in vivo, whereas levels of DCA to which individuals are exposed in drinking water are very low. Analysis of DCA in biological samples has been quite challenging. Derivatizing reagents commonly used to convert DCA into a more volatile form for analysis by gas chromatography (GC) have been found to convert trichloroacetic acid (TCA), a major metabolite of TCE and PCE, into DCA. High-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) analysis does not require derivatization of DCA and can thus avoid this problem. However, the most popular stationary phases in HPLC columns do not retain small, polar compounds such as DCA well. The liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) method described in this paper uses hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography (HILIC), a type of chromatography that is able to retain these small, polar compounds. Method validation was performed using the United States Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) and International Conference on Harmonziation (ICH) Guidance for Industry: Bioanalytical Method Validation as a guide. Levels of DCA found in rats dosed with 2 g/kg TCE were 17.2 ng/mL (liver), 262.4 ng/mL (kidney), 175.1 ng/mL (lung), and 39.5 ng/mL (blood).
19022327	This study was designed to investigate the protective and antioxidant properties of Punica granatum (PG) beverage against trichloroacetic acid (TCA)-exposure in rats. The hepatopreventive and antioxidant potential of the plant's infusion was evaluated by measuring level of serum enzymes, antioxidant defense systems (ADS) and lipid peroxidation content in various organs of rats. Three experimental groups: A (untreated=control), B (only TCA-treated) and C (TCA+PG treated). According to the results, while the levels of AST and ALT increased significantly in B groups' they decreased significantly in the C groups'. LDH and CK did not change significantly in B groups' whereas decreased significantly in the C groups'. Liver, brain, kidney and heart tissues MDA content significantly increased in B groups', whereas no significant changes were observed in the C groups'. On the other hand, SOD decreased significantly in liver of the B group but did not change significantly in the C groups'. GST activity increased significantly in liver, brain and spleen of C group while significant decrease was observed for kidney as compared to those of control. Hence, the study reveals that constituents present in PG impart protection against carcinogenic chemical induced oxidative injury that may result in development of cancer during the period of a 52-day protective exposure.
17092785	A sensitive and straightforward method for the determination of trihalomethanes (THMs) in urine by using headspace extraction technique has been developed. Chemical and instrumental variables were studied in order to optimize the method for sensitivity: an excess of KCl (4 g per 12 ml of urine), an oven temperature of 85 degrees C and an equilibration time of 30 min were selected. The use of the mass spectrometer in selected ion monitoring mode allows achieving linear ranges between 10 and 5000 ng/l and detection limits from 3 to 10 ng/l, for 12 ml of urine. The stability of the urine sample during storage at 4 and -20 degrees C was also evaluated: THMs remained stable for up to 2 days and 2 months, respectively. Finally, the method was successfully applied to study the THM uptake from swimmers of an indoor swimming pool, as well as non-swimmers. This study revealed that the concentrations of THMs in urine increased approximately three times for chloroform and bromodichloromethane after swimming activity. In addition, THMs in unchanged form were mainly excreted within 2-3h after the end of exposure.
9853003	Nine male and eight female healthy volunteers were exposed to 50 or 100 ppm trichloroethylene vapors for 4 h. Blood, urine, and exhaled breath samples were collected for development of a physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) model for trichloroethylene and its two major P450-mediated metabolites, trichloroacetic acid and free trichloroethanol. Blood and urine were analyzed for trichloroethylene, chloral hydrate, free trichloroethanol and trichloroethanol glucuronide, and trichloroacetic acid. Plasma was analyzed for dichloroacetic acid. Trichloroethylene was also measured in exhaled breath samples. Trichloroethylene, free trichloroethanol, and trichloroacetic acid were found in blood samples of all volunteers and only trace amounts of dichloroacetic acid (4-12 ppb) were found in plasma samples from a few volunteers. Trichloroethanol glucuronide and trichloroacetic acid were found in urine of all volunteers. No chloral hydrate was detected in the volunteers. Gender-specific PBPK models were developed with fitted urinary rate constant values for each individual trichloroethylene exposure to describe urinary excretion of trichloroethanol glucuronide and trichloroacetic acid. Individual urinary excretion rate constants were necessary to account for the variability in the measured cumulative amount of metabolites excreted in the urine. However, the average amount of trichloroacetic acid and trichloroethanol glucuronide excreted in urine for each gender was predicted using mean urinary excretion rate constant values for each sex. A four-compartment physiological flow model was used for the metabolites (lung, liver, kidney, and body) and a six-compartment physiological flow model was used for trichloroethylene (lung, liver, kidney, fat, and slowly and rapidly perfused tissues). Metabolic capacity (Vmaxc) for oxidation of trichloroethylene was estimated to be 4 mg/kg/h in males and 5 mg/kg/h in females. Metabolized trichloroethylene was assumed to be converted to either free trichloroethanol (90%) or trichloroacetic acid (10%). Free trichloroethanol was glucuronidated forming trichloroethanol glucuronide or converted to trichloroacetic acid via back conversion of trichloroethanol to chloral (trichloroacetaldehyde). Trichloroethanol glucuronide and trichloroacetic acid were then excreted in urine. Gender-related pharmacokinetic differences in the uptake and metabolism of trichloroethylene were minor, but apparent. In general, the PBPK models for the male and female volunteers provided adequate predictions of the uptake of trichloroethylene and distribution of trichloroethylene and its metabolites, trichloroacetic acid and free trichloroethanol. The PBPK models for males and females consistently overpredicted exhaled breath concentrations of trichloroethylene immediately following the TCE exposure for a 2- to 4-h period. Further research is needed to better understand the biological determinants responsible for the observed variability in urinary excretion of trichloroethanol glucuronide and trichloroacetic acid and the metabolic pathway resulting in formation of dichloroacetic acid.
18678040	The exposure of workers and swimmers at an indoor swimming pool to trihalomethanes (THMs) as a consequence of water chlorination was evaluated by analyzing alveolar air and urine samples. Environmental monitoring of THMs in water and ambient air was also performed in order to assess the possible correlation between environmental and biological samples. The sampling was done concurrently, taking the urine and alveolar air samples before and after the work shift for 15 workers and the swimming activity for 12 swimmers. A high THM uptake was observed in alveolar air and urine of subjects exposed, with chloroform being the most abundant THM. Mean chloroform levels in alveolar air and urine before exposure were 4 microg/ m3 and 475 ng/L, respectively. After 2 h of exposure, concentration increases of ca. 8 times in alveolar air and 2 times in urine were observed in workers. After 1 h swimming, the increases found in swimmers were ca. 20 and 3 times in alveolar air and urine, respectively. High increases have also been observed in bromodichloromethane levels. We have obtained excellent correlations between the chloroform concentrations found in the swimming pool ambient air/alveolar air, and between the urine/ alveolar air of the participants after exposure (r > 0.9). In conclusion, alveolar air provides better response sensitivity and shorter reaction time to external exposure than urine, being therefore the most sensitive biomarker.
22281753	BACKGROUND: Epidemiological studies have used various measures to characterize trihalomethane (THM) exposures, but the relationship of these indicators to exposure biomarkers remains unclear. OBJECTIVES: We examined temporal and spatial variability in baseline blood THM concentrations and assessed the relationship between these concentrations and several exposure indicators (tap water concentration, water-use activities, multiroute exposure metrics). METHODS: We measured water-use activity and THM concentrations in blood and residential tap water from 150 postpartum women from three U.S. locations. RESULTS: Blood ΣTHM [sum of chloroform (TCM), bromodichloromethane (BDCM), dibromo-chloromethane (DBCM), and bromoform (TBM)] concentrations varied by site and season. As expected based on variable tap water concentrations and toxicokinetic properties, the proportion of brominated species (BDCM, DBCM, and TBM) in blood varied by site (site 1, 24%; site 2, 29%; site 3, 57%) but varied less markedly than in tap water (site 1, 35%; site 2, 75%; site 3, 68%). The blood-water ΣTHM Spearman rank correlation coefficient was 0.36, with correlations higher for individual brominated species (BDCM, 0.62; DBCM, 0.53; TBM, 0.54) than for TCM (0.37). Noningestion water activities contributed more to the total exposure metric than did ingestion, but tap water THM concentrations were more predictive of blood THM levels than were metrics that incorporated water use. CONCLUSIONS: Spatial and temporal variability in THM concentrations was greater in water than in blood. We found consistent blood-water correlations across season and site for BDCM and DBCM, and multivariate regression results suggest that water THM concentrations may be an adequate surro-gate for baseline blood levels. 
9695179	In this article, exposure to trihalomethanes (THMs) in indoor swimming pools as a consequence of water chlorination is reported. Environmental and biological monitoring of THMs was performed in order to assess the uptake of these substances after a defined period in five competitive swimmers, regularly attending an indoor swimming pool to train for competition during four sampling sessions. Analyses were performed by gas-chromatography and the following THMs were detected: chloroform (CHC13), bromodichloromethane (CHBrC12), dibromochloromethane (CHBrsC1) and bromoform (CHBr3). CHC13 appeared the most represented compound both in water and in environmental air before and after swimming. CHBrC1w and CHBr2C1 were always present, even though at lower levels than CHC13, CHBr3, was rarely present. In relation to biological monitoring, CHC13, CHBrC12 and CHBr2C1 were detected in all alveolar air samples collected inside the swimming pool. Before swimming, after 1 h at rest at the pool edge, the mean values were 29.4 +/- 13.3, 2.7 +/- 1.2 and 0.8 +/- 0.8 micrograms/m3, respectively, while after spending 1 h swimming, higher levels were detected (75.6 +/- 18.6, 6.5 +/- 1.3 and 1.4 +/- 0.9 micrograms/m3, respectively). Only CHC13 was detected in all plasma samples (mean: 1.4 +/- 0.5 micrograms/1) while CHBrC1x and CHBr2C1 were observed only in few samples at a detection limit of 0.1 micrograms/1. After 1 h at rest, at an average environmental exposure of approx. 100 micrograms/m3, the THM uptake was approx. 30 micrograms/h (26 micrograms/h for CHC1c, 3 micrograms/h for CHBrC12 and 1.5 micrograms/h for CHBr2C1). After 1 h swimming, the THM uptake is approx. seven times higher than at rest: a THM mean uptake of 221 micrograms/h (177 micrograms/h, 26 micrograms/h and 18 micrograms/h for CHC13, CHBrC12 and CHBr2C1, respectively) was evaluated at an environmental concentration of approx. 200 micrograms/m3.
16610561	The aim of the present study was to develop a method of urinalysis for trichloroacetic acid (TCA) and trichloroethanol (TCE), and therefore total trichloro-compounds (TTC) as the sum, with least use of hazardous chemicals, being green in that sense. After acid hydrolysis followed by dilution with an ethanol (EtOH)-methanol (MeOH)-water mixture, capillary gas-choromatography with an electron-capture detector can quantify TCA and TCE in the diluted hydrolyzate. Comparison studies showed that the results were identical among three methods, i.e., 1. the method developed in the present study, 2. a head-space GC with acid hydrolysis of conjugated TCE and methyl-esterification of TCA, and 3. traditional colorimetry with Fujiwara reaction. When applied to exposure-excretion analysis, the three methods gave results reproducible to each other. Over-all evaluation therefore was such that the method developed in the present study is as equally reliable as previously developed methods. It should be further noted that the procedures are very simple, with minimum use of occupationally or environmentally hazardous chemicals. In case the determination of only TCA is requested, it is possible to skip the hydrolysis step so that the treatment prior to the GC analysis is even simpler, i.e., just a 60-fold dilution of the urine sample with the EtOH-MeOH-water mixture. It was also demonstrated that correction of urinary analyte levels for urine density in terms of creatinine or specific gravity did not improve the correlation with the intensity of TRI exposure.
11993865	Trihalomethane (THM) concentrations in blood and tap water were measured for 50 women living in two locations with different bromide concentrations and disinfectant types. Blood samples were taken from each woman early in the morning prior to any major water-use activity and again immediately after showering. Each residence was sampled for THMs in tap water prior to the woman's shower. Cobb County, GA, tap water exhibited high THM concentrations composed primarily of chloroform. Corpus Christi, TX, tap water exhibited lower THM concentrations with significant proportions of brominated THMs. THMs in tap water and blood were compared using mole fraction speciation, extent of bromine incorporation, and correlation analysis. Results indicated that THMs in the blood rose significantly as a result of showering, that showering shifted the THM distribution in the blood toward that found in the corresponding tap water, and that THMs measured in the blood of women living in the two locations reflected species and concentration differences in their respective tap waters. In general, blood concentrations were not significantly correlated with tap water concentrations. This finding suggests that other factors, in addition to tap water concentrations, may be important in determining THM concentrations in the blood.
10410952	Dichloroacetic acid (DCA) is a contaminant found in treated drinking water due to chlorination. DCA has been shown to be a complete hepatocarcinogen in both mice and rats. In this study we developed a rapid and sensitive high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) method to simultaneously detect DCA and its metabolites, oxalic acid, glyoxylic acid and glycolic acid in blood and urine samples of animals sub-chronically administered with DCA (2 g/l) in drinking water. Both urine and plasma samples were treated minimally before HPLC analysis. Separation and detection of DCA and its metabolites were achieved using an anion-exchange column and a conductivity detector. The mobile phase consisted of an initial concentration of 0.01 mM sodium hydroxide in 40% methanol followed by a linear gradient from 0.01 mM to 60 mM sodium hydroxide in 40% methanol for 30 min. The lower detection limit for DCA and each of its three major metabolites was 0.05 microg/ml. DCA and its metabolites gave a linear response range from 0.05 to 100 microg/ml. Plasma DCA was also analyzed by gas chromatography (GC), and the results obtained correlated with those from the HPLC method (correlation coefficient=0.999). While available HPLC techniques offer sensitive procedures to detect either glycolic acid or oxalic acid, the described HPLC method has the unique advantage of determining simultaneously the parent compound (DCA) and its three major metabolites (oxalic acid, glyoxylic acid and glycolic acid) in biological samples, without complex sample preparation.
10092412	A study was conducted to determine if DCAA and TCAA urinary excretion rates are valid biomarkers of chronic ingestion exposure to these disinfection by-products of chlorination of drinking water. Entire first morning urine voids, time-of-visit urine samples, and tap water samples were collected from 47 female subjects. In addition, a 48-h recall questionnaire was administered to determine the amounts and types of liquids ingested by each subject as well as other exposures that could lead to DCAA and TCAA urinary excretion. The TCAA excretion rate for the first morning urine samples was significantly correlated with the estimated 48-h TCAA ingestion exposure for 25 subjects whose ingestion exposures primarily occurred at home, while the DCAA excretion rate was not correlated with the DCAA ingestion exposure. Thus, urinary TCAA appears to be a valid biomarker of chronic ingestion exposure to TCAA from chlorinated water, while urinary DCAA is not. It is proposed that the difference in the biological half-lives between these two compounds is the rationale for this finding. The biological half-life of TCAA is longer than successive exposure intervals; thus TCAA accumulates until it reaches a steady state. The half-life of DCAA is shorter than successive exposure intervals; thus DCAA is almost completely metabolized following an exposure and is eliminated from the body. This study suggests that biological half-life, exposure interval, and sample collection interval should be considered in selecting biomarkers and designing studies to validate them.
17377142	Four groups (minimum of 10/dose group) of male Dutch-belted rabbits were treated daily with dibromoacetic acid (DBA) via drinking water beginning in utero from gestation day 15 to adulthood; target dosages were 1, 5, and 50 mg DBA/kg body weight. Developmental, prepubertal as well as postpubertal reproductive sequelae were evaluated. One (out of 22), 2 (out of 32), and 1 (out of 21) male offspring in the 1, 5, and 50 mg DBA/kg groups were unilaterally cryptorchid. There were no significant differences in serum follicle-stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, and testosterone (basal concentrations or in response to exogenous gonadotropin-releasing hormone) in both prepubertal and adult rabbits. Chronic exposure to DBA adversely affected the mating abilities of some rabbits. The number of sperm produced was not affected, but spermiogenesis was disrupted, resulting in unique sperm acrosomal-nuclear malformations even at the 1-mg dose level. Concentrations of SP22, a specific sperm membrane fertility protein, in detergent extracts of ejaculated sperm were significantly lower (P < .05) in all DBA-treated groups compared with controls. The conception rates following artificial insemination of a constant number of sperm for 1, 5, and 50 mg DBA/kg groups were 55% (10/18), 65% (13/20), and 55% (9/16), respectively, vs 85% (17/20) for control group. Histologic lesions in testes characterized by spermatogenic arrest predominantly at the round spermatid stage, pyknosis of differentiating germ cells, and ultimate degeneration and desquamation leaving focal vacuolation in seminiferous epithelium were evident in DBA-treated groups. Thus, male rabbits exhibit reproductive toxicity with exposure to DBA during reproductive development at dosages as low as 1 mg/kg body weight.
12696585	Cancer of the urinary bladder and colon are significant human health concerns. Epidemiological studies have suggested a correlation between these cancers and the chronic consumption of chlorinated surface water containing disinfection by-products (DBPs). The present study was designed to determine if exposure to DBPs would cause preneoplastic or neoplastic lesions in the urinary bladder and colon of rats, and what effect a mixture of DBPs would have on these lesions. Male and female Eker rats were treated via drinking water with low and high concentrations of potassium bromate, 3-chloro-4-(dichloromethyl)-5-hydroxy-2(5H)-furanone (MX), chloroform, or bromodichloromethane individually or in a mixture for 10 months. The urinary bladders and colons were examined for the presence of preneoplastic lesions. Cell proliferation in the urothelium was examined using immunohistochemical staining for bromodeoxyuridine. Aberrant crypt foci (ACF), as well as the number of individual crypts in each ACF, were identified and counted microscopically after staining with 0.2% methylene blue. Colon crypt cell proliferation and mitotic index were determined using immunohistochemical staining for proliferating cell nuclear antigen. Labeling indexes for the urinary bladder and colon were calculated based on the percentage of positively labeled cells. Treatment with the high dose of MX caused transitional epithelial hyperplasia and cell proliferation in the rat urinary bladder, and this effect was diminished in the high dose mixture animals. Treatment with 4 individual DBPs, as well as a mixture of them, caused the development of ACF, the putative preneoplastic lesion of colon cancer.
22572118	This first study of trihalomethanes (THMs) in swimming pools using bromine agents for water disinfection under real conditions shows that the mixtures of these compounds are largely dominated by bromoform in a similar process as chloroform becomes the dominant THM in pools disinfected with chlorine agents. Bromoform largely predominates in air and water of the pool installations whose concentration changes are linearly correlated. However, the air concentrations of bromoform account for about 6-11% of the expected concentrations according to theoretical partitioning defined by the Henry law. Bromoform in exhaled air of swimmers is correlated with the air concentrations of this disinfectant by-product in the pool building. Comparison of the THM exhaled air concentrations between swimmers and volunteers bathing in the water without swimming or standing in the building outside the water suggest that physical activity enhance exposure to these disinfectant by-products. They also indicate that in swimming pools, besides inhalation, dermal absorption is a relevant route for the incorporation of THMs, particularly those with lower degree of bromination.
15250408	A new method for the determination of nine haloacetic acids (HAAs) with ion chromatography (IC) coupled to inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) was developed. With the very hydrophilic anion-exchange column and steep gradient of sodium hydroxide, the nine HAAs could be well separated in 15 min. After suppression with an ASRS suppressor that was introduced in between IC and ICP-MS, the background was much decreased, the interference caused by sodium ion present in eluent was removed, and the sensitivities of HAAs were greatly improved. The chlorinated and brominated HAAs could be detected as 35ClO and 79Br without interference of the matrix due to the elemental selective ICP-MS. The detection limits for mono-, di-, trichloroacetic acids were between 15.6 and 23.6 microg/l. For the other six bromine-containing HAAs, the detection limits were between 0.34 and 0.99 microg/l. With the pretreatment of OnGuard Ag cartridge to remove high concentration of chloride in sample, the developed method could be applied to the determination of HAAs in many drinking water matrices.
11846168	Chloroform, bromodichloromethane, chlorodibromomethane, and bromoform comprise the trihalomethanes, a group of widespread and mildly lipophilic compounds that result from water chlorination and other sources. Many animal studies show the chronic toxicity and carcinogenicity of these compounds, and recent work has demonstrated the importance of both ingestion and inhalation exposure pathways. This study presents partition coefficients describing the equilibrium among biological compartments (air, water, blood, milk, urine) for the four THMs based on results of headspace gas chromatographic analyses performed under equilibrium conditions and at 37 degrees C. The calculated partition coefficients ranged from 2.92 to 4.14 for blood/water, 1.54-2.85 for milk/blood, and 3.41-4.93 for blood/urine, with the lowest being chloroform and the highest being bromoform. Both human and cow milk were tested, with similar results. The available samples of human milk may not fully account for differences in lipid content and possibly other factors that affect estimates of partition coefficients. Simultaneous measurements of milk and blood in exposed individuals are suggested to confirm laboratory results. Partition coefficients are predicted using the octanol-air partition coefficient, also measured in this study, and the octanol-water partition coefficient. Results are similar to literature estimates for liquid/air partitioning of chloroform and chlorodibromomethane, but they differ from predictions based on hydrophobicity and lipid content. High correlations between the derived partitioned coefficients and the molecular structure (number of Br atoms) and physical properties (molecular weight and boiling point) are found for these analogous chemicals. In humans, THMs are both stored and metabolized with relatively rapid clearance rates. The derived partition coefficients can help to interpret results of biological monitoring and predict the potential for the accumulation and transfer of chemicals, specifically by the application of physiologically-based pharmacokinetic models. THM exposures to potentially susceptible populations, e.g. nursing infants, can be predicted using either such models.
9348725	Effects of single intraperitoneal (i.p.) administration of carbon tetrachloride (CCl4), chloroform (CHCl3), and dichloromethane (CH2Cl2) on lipoproteins in plasma and liver were investigated in rats. Changes in lipoproteins caused by these solvents were compared with changes in traditional hepatotoxicity markers such as GPT (ALT). Following the administration, concentrations of lipoproteins (VLDL, LDL, HDL), triglyceride, cholesterol, and GPT activity in plasma were determined through changes in liver weight, liver content of triglyceride, malon dialdehyde (MDA), and glutathione (GSH). Time-course study revealed that changes in plasma and liver reached their peaks at 19 or 32 hr following the administration of CCl4 or CHCl3. Peaks of changes were observed at 8 or 19 hr following the administration of CH2Cl2. Dose dependency of these changes was investigated at dosages of 3, 30, and 300 mg/kg of CCl4 or CHCl3, and 300, and 1,000 mg/kg of CH2Cl2. Significant decreases in triglyceride and apolipoproteins in VLDL fraction were observed at 3 mg/kg of CCl4. Such VLDL components decreased at 30 mg/kg of CHCl3. HDL decreased significantly at 300 mg/kg of CH2Cl2 and marked increase in LDL occurred at 1,000 mg/kg of the solvent. Liver weight and liver content of triglyceride and MDA significantly increased at 30 mg/kg of CCl4, while significant increase in GPT activity was observed at 300 mg/kg of CCl4 and CHCl3. GPT increased significantly at 1,000 mg/kg of CH2Cl2. These results revealed that changes in plasma lipoproteins can serve as sensitive and simple markers for liver disorders caused by chlorinated hydrocarbon solvents such as CCl4, CHCl3, or CH2Cl2.
10595718	A validated and precise reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatographic method for the determination of thalidomide in serum, with phenacetin as an internal standard, is described. Protein precipitation, using trichloroacetic acid, was used for clean-up. The aliquot was chromatographed on a octadecyl column, using an eluent composed of 250 ml 0.01 M potassium dihydrogenphosphate, adjusted to a pH of 3.0 with a 43% phosphoric acid solution, mixed with 750 ml methanol. Ultraviolet detection was used at an operation wavelength of 220 nm. Hydrolytic degradation was prevented during analysis by acidification of samples with the precipitation reagent. Thalidomide and phenacetin were found to have retention times of 7.9 and 15.0 min, respectively. Recoveries ranging from 79 to 84% were found for both components, with reproducibility relative standard deviations of 0.8-3% and repeatability coefficients of 1.2-3%. A mean correlation coefficient of 0.9995 was found for the linear calibration curve (n=2) of thalidomide with limits of quantitation of 0.222-21 mg/l. The method appeared to be feasible for pharmacokinetic studies with thalidomide.
22968351	The variability of trihalomethane (THM) levels in drinking water raises the question of whether or not short-term variations (within-day) should be accounted for when assessing exposure to contaminants suspected of being carcinogenic and reprotoxic agents. The purpose of this study was to determine the magnitude of the impact on predicted biological levels of THMs (internal doses) exerted by within-day variations of THMs in drinking water. A database extracted from a campaign in the Québec City distribution system served to produce 81, 79 and 64 concentration profiles for the three most abundant THMs, namely chloroform (TCM), dichlorobromomethane (DCBM) and chlorodibromomethane (CDBM), respectively. Using a physiologically based toxicokinetic modeling approach, we simulated exposures (1.5 l water per day and a 10-min shower) based on each of these profiles and predicted, for 2000 individuals (Monte-Carlo simulations), maximum blood concentrations (Cmax), areas under the time versus blood concentrations curve (24 h-AUCcv) and total absorbed doses (ADs). Three different hypotheses were tested: [A] assuming a constant THM concentration in water (e.g., mean value of a day); [B] accounting for within-day variations in THM levels; and [C] a worst-case scenario assuming within-day variations and showering while THM levels were maximal. For each exposure profile, exposure indicator and individual, we calculated the ratios of values obtained according to each hypothesis (e.g., CmaxB/CmaxA and CmaxC/CmaxA) and the values corresponding to the 5th and 95th percentiles of these ratios. The closer these percentiles are to the value of 1, the smaller the error associated with assuming constant THM concentrations rather than their actual variability. Results showed that the minimal gap between these percentiles was TCM-AD(B)/TCM-AD(A) (5th=0.91; 95th=1.09), whereas the maximal gap was CDBM-Cmax(C)/CDBM-Cmax(A) (5th=0.50; 95th=3.40). Overall, TCM and ADs were the less affected (TCM<DCBM<CDBM and AD<AUCcv<Cmax) when accounting for within-day variations in water levels.
7717770	The influence of working or swimming in indoor swimming pools on the concentrations of four trihalomethanes (haloforms) in blood and urine was investigated. Different groups (bath attendants, agonistic swimmers, normal swimmers, sampling person) were compared. The proportions of trihalomethanes in blood and urine correlated roughly with those in water and ambient air. Higher levels of physical activity were correlated with higher concentrations. Within one night after exposure in the pool the blood concentrations usually were reduced to the pre-exposure values. Secretion of trichloromethane in urine was found to be less than 10%.
15808788	Elevated gavage exposures to the drinking water disinfection by-product dibromoacetic acid (DBA) have been found to disrupt estrous cyclicity in the rat and induce increases in estradiol concentrations in both cycling (day of estrus) and ovariectomized/estradiol-implanted females. The present study was designed to investigate both effects in Sprague-Dawley rats following an extended 20-week treatment with lower dosages of DBA administered in the drinking water (calculated mean intake concentrations of 5, 16, and 33 mg/kg/d). No treatment-related effects on cyclicity were present, although elevations in serum estradiol on the day of vaginal estrus were noted in regularly cycling rats when assessed at the 3rd and 11th weeks of exposure. By the 19th week, this effect was no longer present in cycling animals, but its absence was attributable to a marked increase in control estradiol concentrations, which may be associated with endocrine alterations that precede a disruption in estrous cyclicity in middle-aged females. In the 20th week, diestrous estrone levels were elevated at all dosages without effects on serum androstenedione or progesterone. Uterine and pituitary weights were unchanged at this time, although there were modest increases in liver weights at the two highest dosages. A small number of rats in persistent estrus (PE) did show a general increase in pituitary weight associated with DBA exposure, possibly reflecting an added layering of treatment on the PE-associated rise in estradiol normally seen in these females. The results indicate that increases in circulating estradiol from drinking water exposures to DBA were not linked to a premature disruption of estrous cyclicity in this moderately estrogen-sensitive rat strain.
7523909	Frequencies of HPRT mutants (MFs), chromosomal aberrations with or without gaps (CA+; CA-), aberrant cells (AC), micronuclei (MN), sister-chromatid exchanges (SCEs) and cells with high frequencies of SCEs (HFCs) were measured in lymphocytes collected from 46 workers occupationally exposed to styrene and dichloromethane (DCM = methylene chloride). These parameters were also determined in 23 controls. Time-weighted average (TWA) values for styrene and DCM exposure during an 8-h working day were respectively 70 mg/m3 (range: 0-598) and 108 mg/m3 (range: 0-742). These values correspond to TWA values of 17 ppm styrene and 31 ppm DCM. In exposed workers, all cytogenetic parameters were significantly enhanced (P < 0.0001; one-sided), but, due to the lack of appropriate control data, no definite conclusions could be drawn concerning the mutagenicity of styrene/DCM exposure. Duration of exposure was not correlated with genetic effects analyzed. The TWA value for styrene was not correlated with the extent of genetic damage detected, but the TWA value for DCM was positively correlated with the frequencies of chromosome aberrations (with gaps) and aberrant cells. These observations make it difficult to decide whether styrene or DCM, or both chemicals, induced the cytogenetic effects observed in exposed workers. Using the present styrene/DCM data, earlier ethylene oxide data and unpublished epichlorohydrin data, the relative sensitivity of the genetic endpoints to detect genotoxic exposure was: HFC > CA- > CA+ > SCE > MN > HPRT.
10981726	Exposure to drinking water disinfection by-products (DBPs), such as trihalomethanes (THMs), has been associated with bladder and colorectal cancer in humans. Exposure to DBPs has typically been determined by examining historical water treatment records and reconstructing study participants' water consumption histories. However, other exposure routes, such as dermal absorption and inhalation, may be important components of an individual's total exposure to drinking water DBPs. In this study, we examined individuals' exposure to THMs through drinking, showering, or bathing in tap water. Thirty-one adult volunteers showered with tap water for 10 min (n = 11), bathed for 10 min in a bathtub filled with tap water (n = 10), or drank 1 l of tap water during a 10 min time period (n = 10). Participants provided three 10 ml blood samples: one sample immediately before the exposure; one sample 10 min after the exposure ended; and one sample 30 min (for shower and tub exposure) or 1 h ( for ingestion) after the exposure ended. A sample of the water (from the tap, from the bath, or from the shower) was collected for each participant. We analyzed water samples and whole blood for THMs (bromoform, bromodichloromethane, dibromochloromethane, and chloroform) using a purge-and-trap/gas chromatography/mass spectrometry method with detection limits in the parts-per-quadrillion range. The highest levels of THMs were found in the blood samples from people who took 10 min showers, whereas the lowest levels were found in the blood samples from people who drank 1 l of water in 10 min. The results from this study indicate that household activities such as bathing and showering are important routes for human exposure to THMs.
12234467	A direct quantification of human serum albumin (HSA) in blood serum samples without separation is proposed based on the measurements of total internal reflected resonance light scattering (TIR-RLS) at water/tetrachloromethane (H(2)O/CCl(4)) interfaces. In the pH range of 6.37-6.59, the coadsorption of the binary complex of HSA-Th(IV) with sodium dodecylbenzene sulfonate occurs at the H(2)O/CCl(4) interface, forming an amphiphilic layer and displaying greatly enhanced TIR-RLS signals with the maximum peak located at 340-370 nm. The enhanced TIR-RLS intensity is in proportion to the HSA concentration in the range 0.15-1.0 micro gml(-1). The limit of detection is 14.4 ngml(-1). The contents of HSA in blood serum samples were determined with the recovery of 97.1-102.3% and RSD of 0.6-2.9%, which are identical to those obtained according to the spectrofluorimetric method using chrome azurol S.
9766913	OBJECTIVE: The aim of the present study was to develop valid methods for monitoring of occupational exposure to dichloromethane (DCM). METHODS: Carbon cloth as an adsorbent in diffusive sampling was tested for its capacity to adsorb DCM vapor and to retain adsorbed DCM after termination of the exposure. Urine samples collected from DCM-exposed workers were analyzed for DCM by the head-space technique. After extraction with carbon disulfide, DCM in the cloth was analyzed on a DB-WAX capillary column by flame-ionization detection gas chromatography (FID-GC) and DCM in urine was analyzed by electron-capture detection (ECD)-GC. RESULTS: The diffusive sampling with carbon cloth as an adsorbent is applicable to 4-h monitoring of exposure to up to 100 ppm DCM vapor. DCM concentrations detected in end-of-shift urine samples correlated linearly with time-weighted average DCM concentrations measured in the breathing-zone air of the exposed workers; essentially the same exposure-excretion relationship was obtained by vapor monitoring for the afternoon 4-h period as compared with a whole day (8-h) of vapor monitoring. There was no sex difference in the exposure-excretion relation. CONCLUSIONS: Both personal diffusive sampling (at up to 100 ppm DCM and for up to 4 h) and biological exposure monitoring by urinalysis for DCM are applicable in occupational health as reliable measures of exposure to this chlorinated hydrocarbon solvent. 
12376132	A biological monitoring method for urinary dichloromethane (DCM) has been developed by using head-space gas chromatography with FID detection. The calibration curve is linear in a wide range of DCM levels between 0.01 and 2 mg/l. The recovery rate is almost 100% and within-run coefficients of variation are 2.9-3.7%. A highly significant correlation is found between exposure levels and urinary concentrations of DCM. Determination of urine DCM by this method has many advantages such as sample storage, no need for correction of urine concentration, absence of gender difference and also no confounding effect of glutathione S-transferase T1 polymorphism.
15828053	Trichloroethylene (TCE) and some of its metabolites are potentially carcinogenic compounds that the general population is commonly exposed to in drinking water. Concentrations of TCE, dichloroacetic acid (DCA) and trichloroacetic acid (TCA) given to laboratory animals in cancer bioassays are high, whereas drinking water levels of the compounds are very low. It is not clear whether the trace amounts of TCE, DCA and TCA in drinking water pose a cancer risk to humans. The accuracy of pharmacokinetic studies relies on the analytical method from which blood and tissue concentration data are obtained. Models that extrapolate cancer risks of TCE and its metabolites from laboratory animals to humans, in turn, rely on the results of pharmacokinetic studies. Therefore, it is essential to have reliable analytical methods for the analysis of TCE and its metabolites. This paper reviews the methods currently in the literature for the analysis of TCE, DCA, TCA and, to a lesser extent, chloral hydrate (CH). Additional aspects of analytical methods such as method validation, species preservation and future directions in the analysis of TCE and its metabolites are also discussed.
14727918	The dihalomethane CH(2)Cl(2) is an industrial solvent of potential concern to humans because of its potential genotoxicity and carcinogenicity. To characterize DNA damage by dihalomethanes, a rapid DNA digestion under acidic conditions was developed to identify alkali labile DNA-dihalomethane nucleoside adducts using HPLC-electrospray mass spectrometry. DNA digestion worked best using pH 5.0 sodium acetate buffer, a 30 min incubation with DNase II and phosphodiesterase II, and a 2 h acid phosphatase digest. DNA was modified with S-(1-acetoxymethyl)glutathione (GSCH(2)OAc), a reagent modeling activated dihalomethanes. Adducts to G, A, and T were detected at high ratios of GSCH(2)OAc/DNA following digestion of the DNA with the procedure used here. The relative efficacy of adduct formation was G > T > A > C. The four DNA nucleosides were also reacted with the dihalomethanes CH(2)Cl(2) and CH(2)Br(2) in the presence of glutathione (GSH) and GSH S-transferases from bacteria (DM11), rat (GST 5-5), and human (GST T1-1) under conditions that produce mutations in bacteria. All enzymes formed adducts to all four nucleosides, with dGuo being the most readily modified nucleoside. Thus, the pattern paralleled the results obtained with the model compounds GSCH(2)OAc and DNA. CH(2)Cl(2) and CH(2)Br(2) yielded similar amounts of adducts under these conditions. The relative efficiency of adduct formation by GSH transferases was rat 5-5 > human T1-1 > bacterial DM11, showing that human GSH transferase T1-1 can form dihalomethane adducts under the conditions used. Although the lability of DNA adducts has precluded more sophisticated experiments and in vivo studies have not yet been possible, the work collectively demonstrates the ability of several GSH transferases to generate DNA adducts from dihalomethanes, with G being the preferred site of adduction in both this and the GSCH(2)OAc model system.
15866497	A method for the determination of volatile chlorinated hydrocarbons, namely dichloromethane (DCM), trichloroethylene (TCE), and perchloroethylene (PCE), in urine samples was developed using headspace solid phase microextraction (HS-SPME) gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). HS-SPME was performed using a 75 microm Carboxen-polydimethylsiloxane fiber. Factors, which affect the HS-SPME process, such as adsorption and desorption times, stirring, salting-out effect, and temperature of sampling have been evaluated and optimized. The highest extraction efficiency was obtained when sampling was performed at room temperature (22 degrees C), from samples saturated with salt and under agitation. Linearity of the HS-SPME-GC-MS method was established over four orders of magnitude and the limit of detection was 0.005 microg/l for all the compounds. Precision, calculated as %R.S.D. at three different concentration levels, was within 1-8% for all intra- and inter-day determinations. The method was applied to the quantitative determination of TCE and PCE in human urine samples from exposed (TCE, n=5; median, 9.32 microg/l and PCE, n=39; median, 0.58 microg/l) and non-exposed individuals (n=120; median concentrations, 0.64, 0.22 and 0.11 microg/l for DCM, TCE and PCE, respectively. In addition, two cases of acute accidental exposure to DCM are reported, and the elimination kinetics in blood and urine was followed up. The calculated half-lives of urinary and blood DCM were, respectively, 7.5 and 8.1 h for one subject and 3.8 and 4.3 h for the other.
14569179	BACKGROUND: Trihalomethanes (THMs) are byproducts of drinking water chlorination whose effects on semen quality have not been previously studied in humans. METHODS: We examined the relationship of THMs to semen quality in 157 healthy men from couples without known risk factors for infertility. Total THM (TTHM) levels were assigned based on water utility measurements taken during the 90 days preceding semen collection. We analyzed continuous semen parameters in relation to total and individual THMs, adjusting for potential confounders by using repeated measures analyses. RESULTS: TTHM level was not associated with decrements in semen quality. Percent normal morphology decreased and percent head defects increased at higher levels of an ingestion metric (TTHM multiplied by cold home tap water consumption). At the highest level of the ingestion metric (>160 mug/L x glasses/day, which is equivalent to >2 glasses/day of water containing 80 mug/L) we observed a difference of -7.1 (95% confidence interval = -12.7 to -1.6) for percent morphologically normal sperm compared with the lowest level (</= 40 mug/L x glasses/day). Of the individual THMs, bromodichloromethane exposure was inversely related to linearity (a motility parameter); we observed a small decrease (beta = -0.09, SE 0.04) for every unit increase in bromodichloromethane. CONCLUSION: Although our study had a limited exposure assessment and a selective sample, our results suggest the need for further study of the effects of THMs on semen quality. 
1438041	Chloral hydrate is used as a sedative in infants requiring ventilatory support. The metabolites, trichloroethanol and trichloroacetic acid, accumulate in the serum and are protein bound. The possibility that these chemicals might compete with bilirubin for albumin binding was tested using the peroxidase method and a dialysis rate method. Chloral hydrate and trichloroethanol had no effect on bilirubin-albumin binding. Trichloroacetic acid affects bilirubin-albumin binding but to a degree that would be dangerous only in infants with an unusual accumulation of this metabolite.
