10737708	2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), a heterocyclic amine (HCA) found in cooked meats, causes colon and prostate tumors in male rats. Polymorphic N-acetyltransferase metabolizes N-hydroxy-PhIP to a DNA-reactive form. Liver, colon, and prostate PhIP-DNA adduct levels were compared in male rapid-acetylator Fischer 344 (F344) and slow-acetylator Wistar-Kyoto (WKY) rats fed 0.01 or 0.04% PhIP. Liver PhIP-DNA adduct levels at both PhIP doses, and colon PhIP-DNA adduct levels at the 0.01% PhIP dose were unaffected by acetylator genotype. However, in rats fed 0.04% PhIP, colon PhIP-DNA adduct levels were higher in rapid acetylator F344 rats (P < 0.05). Similarly, prostate PhIP-DNA adduct levels were higher in rapid acetylator F344 rats at both PhIP doses (P < 0.05). The combination of the high-PhIP dose and rapid-acetylator genotype resulted in the highest level of PhIP-DNA adducts in rat colon and prostate.
16202642	We have previously shown that C57BL/6J-Min/+ (multiple intestinal neoplasia) mice, heterozygous for the Min mutation in the adenomatous polyposis coli gene, were more susceptible to intestinal tumorigenesis and had higher intestinal PhIP-DNA adduct levels after exposure to the food mutagen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) on day 12 than on day 36 after birth [I.-L. Steffensen, H.A.J. Schut, J.E. Paulsen, A. Andreassen, J. Alexander, Intestinal tumorigenesis in multiple intestinal neoplasia mice induced by the food mutagen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine: perinatal susceptibility, regional variation, and correlation with DNA adducts, Cancer Res. 61 (200l) 8689-8696]. In the present study, we have evaluated further whether this difference in susceptibility is related to adduct formation/removal, cell proliferation, apoptosis or expression of the nucleotide excision repair protein Xeroderma pigmentosum group A (XPA) in the intestines. Min/+ and +/+ (wild-type) mice were given a subcutaneous injection of 50 mg/kgbw PhIP on day 12 or 36, and the levels of PhIP-DNA adducts after 8, 12, 24 h, 3 or 7 days were quantified by use of 32P-postlabelling. In Min/+ mice, adduct levels were significantly higher after exposure on day 12 than on day 36 in the middle (1.5- to 8.5-fold) and distal (1.3- to 6.5-fold) small intestine from 8h to 3 days after administration of PhIP, but not in the colon and proximal small intestine. In the liver - a non-target organ for PhIP - adduct levels were 2.0- to 7.5-fold higher after exposure on day 12 than on day 36 from 8 to 24h after exposure. Adduct levels were generally higher in the middle (1.1- to 1.8-fold) and distal (1.1- to 2.0-fold) small intestines of Min/+ compared with +/+ mice after PhIP exposure on day 12, i.e. in the area of the intestines previously found also to have the highest number of tumors in Min/+ mice. PhIP increased cell proliferation and the number of apoptotic cells in the intestine and liver. However, the higher susceptibility to intestinal tumorigenesis in Min/+ mice exposed to PhIP at early age, or in Min/+ mice compared with +/+ mice, could not be explained by differences in cell proliferation, apoptosis or expression of the XPA repair protein.
10503894	Human exposure to heterocyclic aromatic amines such as MeIQx (2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline) may be monitored by measuring the levels of the heterocyclic aromatic amine in urine. In order to investigate the contribution of N-oxidation to the metabolism of MeIQx in vivo, we developed a biomonitoring procedure for the analysis and quantification of the N2-glucuronide conjugate of 2-hydroxyamino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline in human urine. Subjects (n = 66) in the dietary study ingested a uniform diet of cooked meat containing known amounts of MeIQx, and urine was collected after consumption of the test meal. A method based on solid-phase extraction and immunoaffinity separation was used to isolate N2-(beta-1-glucosiduronyl)-2-hydroxyamino-3,8-dimethylimidazo++ +[4,5-f]quinoxaline and its stable isotope-labeled internal standard from urine. The isolated conjugate was converted to the deaminated product 2-hydroxy-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline by treatment with acetic acid under moderate heating. 2-Hydroxy-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline and the [2H3]methyl analog were derivatized to form the corresponding 3,5-bis(trifluoromethyl)benzyl ether derivatives and quantified by capillary gas chromatography-negative ion chemical ionization mass spectrometry employing selected ion monitoring procedures. The amounts of N2-(beta-1-glucosiduronyl)-2-hydroxyamino-3,8-dimethylimidazo++ +[4,5-f]quinoxaline recovered in urine collected 0-12 h after the test meal accounted for 2.2-17.1% of the ingested dose, with a median value of 9.5%. The variability in the proportion of the dose excreted among the subjects may be reflective of several factors, including interindividual variation in the enzymic activity of CYP1A2 and/or conjugation reactions of the N-hydroxylamine metabolite with N-glucuronosyltransferase(s).
15138037	Carcinogenic heterocyclic amines are produced from overcooked foods and are highly mutagenic in most short-term test systems. One of the most abundant of these amines, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), induces breast, colon and prostate tumors in rats. Human dietary epidemiology studies suggest a strong correlation between either meat consumption or well-done muscle meat consumption and cancers of the colon, breast, stomach, lung and esophagus. For over 20 years our laboratory has helped define the human exposure to these dietary carcinogens. In this report we describe how various environmental exposures may modulate the risk from exposure to heterocyclic amines, especially PhIP. To assess the impact of foods on PhIP metabolism in humans, we developed an LC/MS/MS method to analyze the four major PhIP urinary metabolites following the consumption of a single portion of grilled chicken. Adding broccoli to the volunteers' diet altered the kinetics of PhIP metabolism. At the cellular level we have found that PhIP itself stimulates a significant estrogenic response in MCF-7 cells, but even more interestingly, co-incubation of the cells with herbal teas appear to enhance the response. Numerous environmental chemicals found in food or the atmosphere can impact the exposure, metabolism, and cell proliferation response of heterocyclic amines.
9766658	A polyclonal antibody against 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adducts was raised for their immunohistochemical demonstration in paraffin-embedded sections. Specificity of this antibody was confirmed by competitive ELISA. Positive signals were immunohistochemically detected in acetone-fixed but not in formalin- or ethanol-fixed sections from F344 rats treated by gavage with a single dose of PhIP at 37.5-300 mg/kg and killed at 1, 2, and 7 days thereafter. Dose-dependent positive staining was observed in almost all organs of both sexes, including the colon, prostate, and mammary gland but largely independent of the tumor response. Repair activity, judged by disappearance of adducts with time, differed according to the organ or cell type. One exception was hepatocytes, the liver incidentally being a nontarget organ. The results suggest that the generated antibody is applicable for detection of cells targeted by PhIP in paraffin-embedded sections and also for the investigation of the mechanisms of PhIP-carcinogenesis.
9202762	Various kinds of mutagenic and carcinogenic heterocyclic amines (HCAs) are produced by heating protein-rich foods, such as meat and fish. To evaluate the risk of these HCAs in terms of human cancer development, exposure levels must be measured. We therefore analyzed their amounts in various kinds of cooked foods and in urine samples of healthy volunteers living in Tokyo. Based on the obtained quantitative data, daily exposure levels to 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx) and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) were calculated to be 0.3-3.9 and 0.005-0.3 microgram per person, respectively. Moreover, human DNA samples were analyzed with the 32P-postlabeling method, and colon, rectum and kidney tissues were found to contain an adduct spot corresponding to the standard 5'-pdG-C8-MeIQx by TLC and HPLC, at levels of 14, 18 and 1.8 per 10(10) nucleotides, respectively. The beta-carboline compound, norharman, is produced by heating L-tryptophan, and is known to be present in cooked foods and in cigarette smoke at higher levels than mutagenic and carcinogenic HCAs. While norharman is not itself mutagenic to Salmonella, it does become mutagenic to S. typhimurium TA98 with S9 mix in the presence of non-mutagenic aromatic amines like aniline and o-toluidine. When we examined whether DNA adducts are formed in the DNA of S. typhimurium TA98 by treatment with norharman and aromatic amines using 32P-postlabeling analysis, DNA adduct formation by norharman with aromatic amines was found to be related to the appearance of mutagenicity by norharman with aromatic amines.
11578808	Heterocyclic amines (HAs) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons are carcinogenic products formed during the cooking of meat at moderate to high temperatures. We have previously shown that the urinary concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide, a metabolite of pyrene, increased significantly in ten subjects who had ingested charbroiled ground beef. We now report the time course and interindividual variation of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo(4,5-b)pyridine (PhIP) concentration in the urine samples from these ten subjects. PhIP concentration was determined in both untreated and alkali-hydrolyzed urine to obtain estimates of the proportion of conjugated PhIP metabolites in each subject. PhIP was measured by gas chromatography-negative ion chemical ionization-mass spectrometry after derivatization with pentafluorobenzyl bromide. Ten healthy non-smoking males consumed identical amounts of broiled beef on five consecutive days. The morning after the first day of broiled beef consumption, urinary concentration of PhIP increased 14-38 fold above mean pre-feed concentration of PhIP in individual alkali-hydrolyzed urine samples. Following cessation of broiled beef consumption, urinary PhIP concentration declined to near pre-feed levels within 48-72 hrs. The ratio of total alkali-labile PhIP metabolites to unmetabolized PhIP varied by about 2.7-fold among subjects, ranging from 18:1 to 48:1, suggesting that interindividual differences in PhIP metabolism occur and can be detected by this method. This study of urinary PhIP following ingestion of meat cooked by charbroiling, that contains both HAs and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, extends previous studies of ingestion of pan-fried meat that contains primarily HAs. The results indicate that significant amounts of PhIP are bioavailable from ingestion of charbroiled ground beef and that measurement of proportions of alkali-labile PhIP metabolites and parent PhIP in human urine may yield information on individual metabolism of ingested PhIP.
7959450	Cooking of protein-rich foods may induce the formation of a series of heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs) that have been found to be mutagens and carcinogens. Despite very potent mutagenic activity found in the Salmonella/microsomal assay, this test cannot predict carcinogenic potency of HAAs in rodents and monkeys. Doses used in the feeding studies with animals exceeded by several orders of magnitude the levels of HAAs found in human diet, being approximately 500,000-3,000,000-fold higher than the human dietary levels. A comparison of these levels and their relevance for humans is presented. Differences in metabolic fate of different HAAs due to species and sex of the animals are discussed. These differences could account for the variable cancer-producing potential in different species. A number of still unresolved variables (such as the levels of HAAs in foods, bioavailability, possible synergistic effect from mixtures of HAAs, and metabolic fate and detoxification) preclude reliable assessment of the potential health hazard from HAAs in foods. The difference in the ability of human and animal liver microsomes to bioactivate HAAs and to form DNA adducts causes further uncertainty. The differences due to the hepatic cytochrome P-450-mediated activation of HAA among rats, monkeys and humans may influence susceptibility to cancer from these agents. HAAs occur only in traces in the human diet; however, they are present in many foods consumed daily. The levels of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]-pyridine (PhIP) are approximately 100-fold higher than the levels of 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]-quinoline (IQ) and 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx). However, their mutagenic potential in the Ames Salmonella assay is reversed. Other in vitro tests, however, indicate similar genotoxicity between IQ, MeIQx and PhIP. Although most feeding studies with HAAs have been conducted with IQ and MeIQ, evidence obtained from a variety of studies indicates the possibility that PhIP may have an active role in the aetiology of human cancer and, therefore, its role as such should be evaluated. The influence of trace levels of HAAs on human health remains to be confirmed.
18692111	Human risk assessment of exposure to 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) through the diet may be improved by conducting biomonitoring studies comparing metabolism in humans and rodents. Eleven volunteers ingested a meal of cooked chicken containing 4 -OH-PhIP and PhIP in amounts of 0.6 and 0.8microg/kg, respectively and urine was collected for the next 16h. The large number of PhIP metabolites was by treatment of the urine samples with hydrazine hydrate and hydrolytic enzymes reduced to three substances, 4'-OH-PhIP, PhIP and 5-OH-PhIP of which the first is a biomarker for detoxification and the last a biomarker for activation. The eleven volunteers eliminated large amounts of 4'-OH-PhIP in the urine. The majority of which could be accounted for by the presence of 4'-OH-PhIP in the fried chicken, showing that PhIP only to a small extent (11%) was metabolised to 4'-OH-PhIP. A larger fraction of the PhIP exposure, 38%, was recovered as PhIP and the largest fraction (51%) was recovered as 5-OH-PhIP suggesting that PhIP in humans to a large extent is metabolised to reactive substances. In rats, less than 1% of the dose of PhIP was eliminated as 5-OH-PhIP, suggesting that human cancer risk from exposure to PhIP is considerable higher than risk estimations based on extrapolation from rodent bioassays.
8565143	2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) induces colon tumors in male, but not female, F344 rats. We investigated the mechanisms leading to this difference by measuring the level of PhIP-DNA adducts, the enhancement of cell proliferation and aberrant crypt focus (ACF) formation in colon mucosa. PhIP was administered in the diet at a level of 0.04% to both male and female F344 rats for 1-8 weeks. The level of DNA adducts in the colon mucosa was measured using the 32P-postlabeling method. Four major PhIP-DNA adducts were detected in fairly constant proportions in all the animals examined. The level of PhIP-DNA adducts in male and female rats was the same, indicating no direct correlation between adduct levels and carcinogenesis. Labeling indices (LIs) were determined by measuring BrdU incorporation in rats after feeding with a PhIP diet for 4, 8 and 12 weeks. After 8 weeks administration the LI had increased 1.5-fold in the colon of the male rats, but no increase was observed in the female rats. ACF formation was examined after feeding with a PhIP diet for 14 weeks. The number of aberrant crypt foci was 6.6 +/- 1.5 per rat in males and 1.9 +/- 0.5 per rat in females. Thus differences in colon tumor development in male and female rats takes place at an early stage(s). Our results suggest that, in addition to DNA adduct formation, enhanced proliferation contributes to the formation of ACFs, which are premalignant lesions of the colon.
8407549	In order to examine the carcinogenicity of 3-amino-1-methyl-5H-pyrido[4,3-b]indole acetate (Trp-P-2), 30 male and 30 female F344 rats were maintained on diet containing 0, 30, or 100 ppm Trp-P-2 for 112 weeks. The overall mean chemical intakes in the 100 ppm and 30 ppm groups were 3.84 and 1.14 mg/kg/day in males, and 4.57 and 1.34 mg/kg/day in females, respectively. Females of the 100 ppm group showed increased mortality in the late period of the study. In the 100 ppm group, significant increases in the incidences of neoplastic lesions were found in the liver, urinary bladder and mammary gland in males, and in the mammary gland, hematopoietic system and clitoral gland in females. Histologically, tumors induced by Trp-P-2 were hepatocellular adenomas, transitional cell tumors (papillomas and carcinomas) of the urinary bladder, fibroadenomas/fibromas of the mammary gland, malignant lymphomas and clitoral gland tumors (adenomas and adenocarcinomas). These results indicate multi-target carcinogenicity of Trp-P-2 in F344 rats and provide evidence that the urinary bladder is also a target for heterocyclic amine action.
14690798	We conducted a study to evaluate dietary chemopreventive strategies to reduce genotoxic effects of the carcinogens 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenyl-imidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ). PhIP and IQ are heterocyclic amines (HCAs) that are found in cooked meat and may be risk factors for cancer. Typical chemoprevention studies have used carcinogen doses many thousand-fold higher than usual human daily intake. Therefore, we administered a low dose of [14C]PhIP and [3H]IQ and utilized accelerator mass spectrometry to quantify PhIP adducts in the liver, colon, prostate, and blood plasma and IQ adducts in the liver and blood plasma with high sensitivity. Diets supplemented with phenethylisothiocyanate (PEITC), genistein, chlorophyllin, or lycopene were evaluated for their ability to decrease adduct formation of [14C]PhIP and [3H]IQ in rats. We also examined the effect of treatments on the activity of the phase II detoxification enzymes glutathione S-transferase (GST), UDP-glucuronyltransferase (UGT), phenol sulfotransferase (SULT) and quinone reductase (QR). PEITC and chlorophyllin significantly decreased PhIP-DNA adduct levels in all tissues examined, which was reflected by similar changes in PhIP binding to albumin in the blood. In contrast, genistein and lycopene tended to increase PhIP adduct levels. The treatments did not significantly alter the level of IQ-DNA or -protein adducts in the liver. With the exception of lycopene, the treatments had some effect on the activity of one or more hepatic phase II detoxification enzymes. We conclude that PEITC and chlorophyllin are protective of PhIP-induced genotoxicity after a low exposure dose of carcinogen, possibly through modification of HCA metabolism.
12489111	Food-derived heterocyclic aromatic amines (HCAs) have proved to be carcinogenic in both rodents and nonhuman primates. Two different metabolic pathways are suggested for the metabolic activation of HCA. The hepatic pathway proceeds via a two-step process involving N-hydroxylation by cytochrome P4501A2 and subsequent O-acetylation by N-acetyltransferase-2. An alternative pathway may be of particular interest in extrahepatic tissues and proceeds via one-electron oxidation catalyzed by prostaglandin H synthase (PHS), rendering free-radical metabolites. In this study, we investigated the metabolic activation of two HCAs, 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ) and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), by two different enzyme systems in vitro, generating different primary and secondary reactive metabolites. Rat liver S9 mix and PHS were used as the activating system and represent the hepatic and extrahepatic pathways, respectively. Electron-spin resonance spectroscopy showed that both IQ and PhIP exerted inhibiting effects on PHS-mediated formation of hydroxyl radicals during the conversion of arachidonic acid to prostaglandins. Evidence for the formation of HCA free radicals was presented in an indirect way by the formation of glutathione-derived thiyl radicals, with purified PHS as the activating system. Activation by S9 mix did not result in the formation of detectable radical metabolites, showing that the two metabolic routes primarily led to the formation of different metabolites. In all electron-spin resonance experiments, IQ appeared to be more effective than PhIP. In contrasts, DNA adduct analysis by means of (32)P-postlabeling showed similar adduct patterns for S9 and PHS in single-stranded and double-stranded salmon testes DNA after incubation with PhIP, indicating the ultimate formation of a common reactive intermediate. For IQ, activation by PHS led to an additional adduct spot that was not present after S9 activation. Furthermore, activation of IQ resulted in higher adduct levels compared with PhIP for both activation pathways. Overall, adduct levels were higher in single-stranded DNA than double-stranded DNA. Our results showed that the hepatic and extrahepatic pathways resulted in different primary metabolites, while the ultimate formation of a similar reactive intermediate for PhIP, possibly an arylnitrenium ion, suggested that both pathways could play an important role in the onset of carcinogenesis.
14742322	The food-derived, heterocyclic aromatic amine 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is genotoxic and is carcinogenic in experimental animals. Studies on the role of PhIP in human diet-related cancer would be aided considerably by the availability of a readily applicable biomarker of the internal dose of the ultimate genotoxic species. PhIP has been shown to adduct primarily at C-8 of deoxyguanosine in DNA and so the DNA repair product N(2)-(2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)PhIP is a potential biomarker of DNA adduction and repair after exposure to PhIP. An assay for N(2)-(2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)PhIP in urine has been developed based on liquid chromatography mass spectrometry, using a deuterated analogue of the nucleoside as an internal standard and an antibody-mediated extraction procedure. Polyclonal antibodies were raised against the PhIP-nucleotide, PhIP-nucleoside and PhIP-guanine base adducts conjugated to keyhole limpet haemocyanin. Following their evaluation, the immobilized PhIP nucleotide antibody was used for the extraction of N(2)-(2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)PhIP from urine. The limit of detection of the assay was 125 pg and the limit of quantification 200 pg for a 50 ml human urine sample. Following oral administration of PhIP (20 mg/kg body wt/day) to rats for 6 days, N(2)-(2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl) PhIP was readily detected in the urine, reaching steady state over 3 days. This is the first direct demonstration of the urinary elimination of this adduct following exposure to parent amine. The half-life of the adduct with DNA was estimated to be approximately 20 h. The total amount of PhIP recovered in the urine as adduct was <0.5 x 10(-3)% of the dose administered. Levels of the PhIP adduct in urine collections from human subjects ingesting the amine (4.9 micro g) in cooked meat were below the limits of detection, indicating that humans are exposed to a bioactive dose of <3 x 10(-4) of that associated with a non-carcinogenic level in rats.
11535243	Food-derived heterocyclic amines (HCAs), particularly 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), are implicated in the etiology of human colorectal cancer (CRC) via a process of N-oxidation followed by O-acetylation or O-sulfation to form electrophilic metabolites that react with DNA. Glutathione S-transferases (GSTs) detoxify activated carcinogen metabolites by catalysis of their reaction with GSH. However, among HCAs, only N-acetoxy-PhIP has been shown to be a substrate for the GSTs. By using a competitive DNA-binding assay, we confirm that hGSTA1-1 is an efficient catalyst of the detoxification of N-acetoxy-PhIP. Further, we show that hGSTs A2-2, P1-1, M1-1, T1-1 and T2-2 appear to have low activity towards N-acetoxy-PhIP, and that hGSTs A4-4, M2-2, M4-4 and Z1-1 appear to have no activity towards N-acetoxy-PhIP. A genetic polymorphism in the 5'-regulatory sequence of hGSTA1 has been shown to correlate with the relative and absolute levels of expression of GSTA1/GSTA2 in human liver. Examination of hGSTA1 allele frequency in 100 Caucasian CRC patients and 226 Caucasian controls demonstrated a significant over-representation of the homozygous hGSTA1*B genotype among cases compared to controls (24.0 and 13.7%, respectively, P=0.04). This corresponds to an odds ratio for risk of CRC of 2.0 (95% CI 1.0-3.7) when comparing homozygous hGSTA1*B individuals with all other genotypes. Thus, individuals who are homozygous hGSTA1*B, and who would be predicted to have the lowest levels of hGSTA1 expression in their livers, appear to be at risk of developing CRC, possibly as a result of inefficient hepatic detoxification of N-acetoxy-PhIP.
15764290	Heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs) are produced during cooking of proteinaceous food such as meat and fish. Humans eating a normal diet are regularly exposed to these food-borne substances. HAAs have proved to be carcinogenic in animals and to induce early lesions in the development of cancer. DNA adduct levels in mouse liver have been measured by 32P-HPLC after oral administration each of 14 different HAAs. The highest DNA adduct levels were detected for 3-amino-1-methyl-5H-pyrido[4,3-b]-indole (Trp-P-2), 3-amino-1,4-dimethyl-5H-pyrido[4,3-b]indole (Trp-P-1) and 2-amino-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (AalphaC), respectively. To assess a relative risk in a human population, a relative risk index was calculated by combining the DNA adduct levels in mouse liver with human daily intake of heterocyclic amines in a US and in a Swedish population. Such calculations suggest that AalphaC presents the highest risk for humans, e.g. nine-fold higher compared with the most abundant amines in food, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]-pyridine (PhIP). Therefore, the distribution of DNA adducts in different tissues of mouse was investigated after oral administration of AalphaC. The highest AalphaC-DNA adduct levels were found in liver (137 adducts/10(8) normal nucleotides) followed by heart, kidney, lung, large intestine, small intestine, stomach and spleen, in descending order. To characterize the chemical structure of the major DNA adduct, chemical synthesis was performed. The major DNA adduct from the in vivo experiments was characterized by five different methods. On the basis of these results, the adduct was characterized as N2-(deoxyguanin-8-yl)-2-amino-9H-pyrido [2,3-b]indole. Considering the abundance of AalphaC not only in grilled meat, but also in other products like grilled chicken, vegetables and cigarette smoke and in light of the results of the present study, it is suggested that the human cancer risk for AalphaC might be underestimated.
15036007	The detection and quantification of heterocyclic aromatic amine (HAA)-DNA adducts, critical biomarkers in interspecies extrapolation of toxicity data for human risk assessment, remains a challenging analytical problem. The two main analytical methods currently in use to screen for HAA-DNA adducts are the 32P-postlabeling assay and mass spectrometry, using either accelerated mass spectrometry (AMS) or liquid chromatography and electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (LC-ESI-MS). In this review, the principal methods to synthesize and characterize DNA adducts, and the methods applied to measure HAA-DNA adduct in vitro and vivo are discussed.
10050262	The dietary mutagen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is a mammary carcinogen in the female Fischer (F344) rat and a colon carcinogen in the male F344 rat. To exert its carcinogenicity, it is believed that PhIP needs to form adducts with DNA, a process requiring N-hydroxylation of PhIP by cytochromes P-450 1A1 and/or 1A2 (CYP 1A1 and/or 1A2), as well as further esterification of the hydroxylamine thus formed. Dietary conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) inhibits chemical carcinogenesis in various experimental models. We have examined the effect of dietary CLA on PhIP-DNA adduct formation in female F344 rats. Four-week-old animals were maintained on AIN-76A diet without or with CLA (1%, 0.5%, and 0.1% wt/wt) for 57 days. PhIP was added to the diets (0.04% wt/wt) from Days 14-42. Animals were killed (4/group) on Days 43, 50, and 57. DNA isolated from liver, mammary epithelial cells (MEC), colon, and white blood cells (WBC) was analyzed for PhIP-DNA adducts by 32P-postlabeling assays. On Day 43, CLA inhibited adduct formation in the liver (up to 58%) in a dose-dependent manner. CLA also inhibited hepatic adduct levels (29-39%) on Day 50 (at 1.0% and 0.5% CLA) and on Day 57 (53% at 0.5% CLA). CLA significantly reduced adduct levels in the WBC on Day 50 (63-70%). Adducts in MEC and the colon were not affected by dietary CLA. On Day 57, adduct levels in MEC, liver, colon, and WBC were 0-30.3%, 8.6-41.7%, 21.5-50.7%, and 7.5-11.8%, respectively, of those on Day 43. Northern blot analysis of liver RNA showed that dietary CLA did not affect steady-state levels of CYP 1A1 or 1A2 mRNA. It is concluded that dietary CLA inhibits PhIP-DNA adduct formation in liver and WBC but that those in MEC and the colon are unaffected when a low-level dietary regimen of carcinogen and inhibitor was used. In inhibiting PhIP-DNA adduct formation, CLA does not appear to act by inhibiting CYP 1A1 or 1A2 expression.
1815071	Boron analogues of piperidine, piperazine, morpholine, and imidazole proved to be cytotoxic against the growth of murine and human tissue culture cells. Significant activity was demonstrated for single-cell suspensions of L1210 lymphoid leukemia, Tmolt3 lymphoblastic leukemia, and HeLa-S3 cervical carcinoma. Trimethylamine-imidazole carbonyldihydroborane 17 demonstrated activity against solid tumor growth of human colorectal adenocarcinoma, KB nasopharynx, and osteosarcoma. In addition, 4-methylpiperidine-carbomethoxyborane 12, 2-methylimidazole-3-cyanoborane 16, and 1-methylimidazole-3-(N-ethylcarbamoyl)borane 19 were active against the KB nasopharynx growth. Piperidine-cyanoborane 2, piperidine-carboxyborane 4, and 1-methylimidazole-3-(N-ethylcarbamoyl)borane 19 were effective in reducing the growth of osteosarcoma cells. The imidazole derivatives 13-19, as well as 4-methylpiperidine-carboxyborane 11 and carbomethoxyborane 12, demonstrated good activity against lung bronchogenic and glioma growth. In the in vivo studies, N-methylmorpholine-carboxyborane 7,4-phenylpiperidine-carboxyborane 9, 4-phenylpiperidine-carbomethoxyborane 10, 4-methylpiperidine-carboxyborane 11, imidazole cyanoborane 14, and 1-methylimidazole-3-carbomethoxyborane 18 demonstrated the best activity against Lewis Lung growth and P388 lymphocytic leukemia growth in mice. Mode of action studies in L1210 leukemia cells demonstrated that piperidine-carboxyborane 4 and N-methylmorpholine-carboxyborane 7 inhibited DNA synthesis, purine synthesis at PRPP amido transferase and IMP dehydrogenase sites, and thymidine kinase and thymidine diphosphate kinase activities, while lowering d(NTP) pool levels. Also, DNA strand scission was evident after incubation with these drugs.
8055653	The potent rat colon carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), unlike other food-borne heterocyclic amines, does not induce tumors in rat liver. This correlates with an extremely low level of PhIP-DNA adducts formed in this tissue, and together these observations suggest that PhIP is efficiently detoxified in the liver. In order to identify possible detoxification mechanisms, we assessed the effect of inhibition of glucuronidation, glutathione (GSH) conjugation and sulfation on PhIP metabolism and PhIP-induced DNA damage in rat hepatocytes. Hepatocytes isolated from rats pretreated with Aroclor 1254 metabolized PhIP to the same products found in vivo. N-Hydroxy-PhIP N3-glucuronide and N-hydroxy-PhIP N2-glucuronide were major and minor metabolites respectively. 32P-Postlabeling analysis of DNA from the PhIP-treated hepatocytes indicated the presence of two major adducts, one of which was identified as N-(deoxyguanosin-8-yl)-PhIP, and one minor adduct. There was no unscheduled DNA synthesis (UDS) in these cells. However, pretreatment of the hepatocytes with 1-bromoheptane and buthionine sulfoximine, which depletes GSH and prevents its resynthesis, resulted in a 15-fold increase in the formation of PhIP-DNA adducts, as well as in a high level of UDS. GSH depletion had no effect on the formation of detectable PhIP metabolites. Hepatocyte pretreatment with D-galactosamine, which inhibits glucuronidation, increased the formation of DNA adducts two-fold and UDS was increased similarly. D-Galactosamine decreased the formation of the two N-glucuronides of N-hydroxy-PhIP by 50-60%, but had no effect on other metabolites. Pentachlorophenol, which strongly inhibits sulfotransferases, decreased adduct formation slightly, but had essentially no effect on UDS or on the formation of PhIP metabolites. These results indicate that metabolic conjugation pathways involving GSH and glucuronidation may play an important role in protecting rat liver against PhIP carcinogenesis.
15110095	2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is a mutagenic and carcinogenic heterocyclic amine formed during ordinary cooking, and is subsequently metabolically activated by cytochrome P4501A2 (CYP1A2) and N-acetyltransferase 2 (NAT2). Respective genes encoding for these enzymes, display polymorphic distribution in the human population and are thus believed to cause interindividual differences in cancer risk susceptibility. The present study investigated the influence of dietary exposure and CYP1A2 and NAT2 genotypes and phenotypes on differential urinary PhIP excretion levels in 71 human volunteers after consumption of either a high (7.4 ng/g) or low (1.7 ng/g) dose of PhIP. Urinary PhIP excretion levels were found to reflect recent dietary exposure levels, with average levels of 174% (high dose group) and 127% (low dose group), as compared to pre-feed levels. Urinary caffeine metabolite ratios were significantly different between the two NAT2 genotypes, whereas for CYP1A2, the apparent difference in metabolic ratios between the genotypes was statistically non-significant. Significant correlations were firstly found between the CYP1A2-164A-->C (CYP1A2*1F) polymorphism and differential urinary PhIP excretion levels. Although the found correlations are driven primarily by a small number of subjects possessing the homozygous variant constellation, the strong influence of this genotype indicates that the CYP1A2*1F polymorphism could play an important role in human cancer risk susceptibility.
8070736	The food mutagen PhIP (2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine) is a liver carcinogen in neonatal mice. In this study the transfer of PhIP to foetuses and neonates following a single ip dose (4.7-5.2 mg/kg body weight) to pregnant or lactating C57Bl/6 mice was studied by tissue extraction and HPLC analysis. A transplacental transfer of unchanged [3H]PhIP to foetuses was demonstrated; the highest foetal levels were observed at late gestation. Autoradiography of mice injected iv with [2-14C]PhIP (1.4 mg/kg) during late gestation showed a high and selective localization of radioactivity in the pigmented parts of the foetal eye and a moderate level of radioactivity in the foetal liver, gastro-intestinal contents, urine and in the uterine fluid. HPLC analysis of stomach contents and tissues of newborn mice exposed for 4 hr to lactating dams dosed ip with [3H]PhIP (5.2 mg/kg) showed the presence of unchanged PhIP suggesting excretion of PhIP in the milk of the dams. The results in this study raise concern that exposure to PhIP during pregnancy and nursing may result in a transfer of this food mutagen to foetuses and infants.
10744044	Human prostate tissue transplanted into nude mice was examined immunohistochemically for DNA adducts formed after administration of 3,2'-dimethyl-4-aminobiphenyl (DMAB) or 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP). Positive staining for DMAB- or PhIP-DNA adducts was evident in 70-95% of both epithelial and stromal cells in human prostate xenografts. Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) analysis revealed a normal human prostate epithelial cell line (PrEC) to express both cytochrome P450 1A2 (CYP1A2) and N-acetyltransferase 2 (NAT2) mRNA, while a normal human prostate fibroblast cell line (NHPF) expressed NAT2, but not CYP1A2 mRNA. In addition, NAT2 and to a lesser extent CYP1A2 mRNAs were also found in four cases of normal human prostate tissues. The results suggest that initial activation of chemicals by liver CYP1A2 and subsequent metabolism by prostate NAT2 is a major pathway of DNA adduct formation in human prostate cells. Thus, the data suggest that human prostate has the potential to be targeted by environmental carcinogens.
1483260	2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]-pyridine (PhIP) is known to induce colon tumors in male Fischer-344 rats. Using 32P-postlabeling assays, we have examined PhIP-DNA adduct formation in various organs and white blood cells (WBCs) of the male Fischer-344 rat 24 h after a single oral dose of 0, 0.5, 5 or 50 mg PhIP/kg. Three PhIP-DNA adducts were detected in WBCs and in all organs, except in the liver and stomach which had only two adducts. The extent of adduct formation was dose-related, but at 0.5 mg/kg no adducts could be detected in any of the organs. At 50 mg/kg, adduct levels, expressed as relative adduct labeling values (RAL x 10(7), or adducts per 10(7) nucleotides assuming complete labeling) were highest in the large intestine (5.66), followed by WBCs (5.04), stomach (1.44), small intestine (1.32), kidney (1.16), liver (0.67) and lungs (0.52). It is concluded that orally administered PhIP forms high levels of specific DNA adducts in the large intestine, the target organ in PhIP carcinogenesis in the male Fischer-344 rat, and that the high level of adducts in WBCs indicates that significant amounts of the ultimate carcinogenic form of PhIP are present in the circulation.
10685010	The chemopreventive properties of dietary indole-3-carbinol (I3C) were evaluated by assessing its effect on DNA adduct formation and metabolism of the dietary carcinogen, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), and the induction of cytochromes P450 1A1 and -1A2 in female F344 rats. In experiment 1, animals on I3C diets (0, 0.02% or 0.1%, w/w) were treated by gavage with 1mg/kg/day of PhIP for 23 days. On days 2, 9, 16 and 23, their 24-hr urine was collected and unmetabolized PhIP was measured by GC/MS. On day 24, the animals were sacrificed, and DNA from pancreas, spleen, white blood cells (WBCs), lung, colon, kidney, mammary epithelial cells, caecum, heart, small intestine, liver and stomach was isolated for determination of PhIP-DNA adduct levels by (32)P-postlabelling assays. Except in the mammary gland, I3C diets significantly inhibited PhIP-DNA adduct formation in WBCs and in all organs, ranging from 34.7 to 67.7% with the 0.02% I3C diet to 68.4 to 95.3% with the 0.1% I3C diet. I3C diets also significantly decreased the concentration of urinary unmetabolized PhIP to 29.5-38.4% (0.02% I3C) and 12.8-17.8% (0.1% I3C) of values obtained with the I3C-free diet. In experiment 2, animals were either treated by intubation of I3C at 100 or 200mg/kg for 2 consecutive days or given an I3C-containing diet (0.02% or 0.1%, w/w) for 2 weeks. The expression and activity of cytochromes P450 1A1 and -1A2 were studied by Northern blots, Western blots, and in vitro enzyme determinations. Both the expression and activity of these cytochromes were induced by all of the I3C treatments. It is concluded that, in the female F344 rat, dietary I3C inhibits PhIP-DNA adduct formation and accelerates PhIP metabolism, probably through induction of cytochromes P450 1A1 and -1A2. The chemopreventive properties of I3C in PhIP-induced carcinogenesis are probably mediated through enhancement of PhIP detoxification pathways.
23400709	Despite convincing evidence that 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)--a heterocyclic amine generated by cooking meats at high temperatures--is carcinogenic in animal models, it remains unclear whether PhIP exposure leads to increased cancer risk in humans. PhIP-DNA adduct levels were measured in specimens from 534 prostate cancer case-control pairs nested within a historical cohort of men with histopathologically benign prostate specimens. We estimated the overall and race-stratified risk of subsequent prostate cancer associated with higher adduct levels. PhIP-DNA adduct levels in benign prostate were significantly higher in Whites than African Americans (0.274 optical density units (OD) ±0.059 vs. 0.256 OD ±0.054; p<0.0001). Prostate cancer risk for men in the highest quartile of PhIP-DNA adduct levels was modestly increased [odds ratio (OR) = 1.25; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.76-2.07]. In subset analyses, the highest risk estimates were observed in White patients diagnosed more than 4 years after cohort entry (OR = 2.74; 95% CI = 1.01-7.42) or under age 65 (OR = 2.80; 95% CI = 0.87-8.97). In Whites, cancer risk associated with high-grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia combined with elevated PhIP-DNA adduct levels (OR = 3.89; 95% CI = 1.56-9.73) was greater than risk associated with either factor alone. Overall, elevated levels of PhIP-DNA adducts do not significantly increase prostate cancer risk. However, our data show that White men have higher PhIP-DNA adduct levels in benign prostate tissue than African American men, and suggest that in certain subgroups of White men high PhIP-DNA adduct levels may predispose to an increased risk for prostate cancer.
15155558	2-Amino-3-methyl-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (MeA alpha C) is a proximate mutagenic and carcinogenic heterocyclic amine formed during ordinary cooking. In model systems, MeA alpha C can be formed by pyrolyses of either tryptophan or proteins of animal or vegetable origin. In the present study, the in vivo metabolism of MeA alpha C in rats was investigated. Rats were dosed with tritium-labeled MeA alpha C, and urine and feces were collected over 3 days. The metabolites of MeA alpha C were identified by high performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry and quantified by liquid scintillation counting. Conjugated metabolites were characterized by enzymatic hydrolyzes with beta-glucuronidase or arylsulfatase. The data showed that the metabolic pattern of MeA alpha C was similar in all rats. About 65% of the dose was excreted in urine and feces, and the major amount of MeA alpha C-metabolites was excreted during the first 24 h. Thirty-four percent of the dose was found in the rat urine samples collected to 24 h. In addition to unmetabolized MeA alpha C and two phase I metabolites, 6-OH-MeA alpha C and 7-OH-MeA alpha C, the following conjugated metabolites were identified: MeA alpha C-N(2)-glucuronide, A alpha C-3-CH(2)O-glucuronide, 3-carboxy-A alpha C and 3-carboxy-A alpha C-glucuronide, and sulfate and glucuronide conjugates of 6-OH-MeA alpha C and 7-OH-MeA alpha C. Also, a large amount of a rather unstable compound proposed to be of MeA alpha C-N1-glucuronide was found. About 21% of the dose was excreted in feces during the first 24 h, and MeA alpha C and 7-OH-MeA alpha C were the only compounds identified in feces. Any activated metabolites of MeA alpha C were not detected in rat urine or feces.
15036006	We devised an assay to quantify the metabolites of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in human urine following a single exposure to well-cooked meat. Our method uses LC/MS/MS to detect four metabolites and four deuterated internal standard peaks in a single chromatographic run. N2-OH-PhIP-N2-glucuronide was the most abundant urinary metabolite excreted by the 12 individuals who participated in our study. N2-PhIP glucuronide was the second most abundant metabolite for 8 of the 12 volunteers. The stability of PhIP metabolism over time was studied in three of the volunteers who repeated the assay eight times over a 2.5 year-period. PhIP metabolite excretion varied in each subject over time, although the rate of excretion was more constant. Our results suggest that quantifying PhIP metabolites should make future studies of individual susceptibility and dietary interventions possible.
2013135	When mutagens extracted from the urine of two smokers of black tobacco were reacted with DNA in vitro in the presence of a metabolic activation system, several DNA adducts were detected by 32P-postlabelling analysis. Some of these adducts were also visible, but only faintly, on the autoradiogram for a non-smoker's urine. DNA adducts produced in vitro by 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline or 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[3,5-b]pyridine could not account for the adduct pattern produced by the urinary mutagens. However, three or four 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-related DNA adducts were present among the five or six adducts observed for smokers in the autoradiograms of urinary mutagen-adducted nucleotides. Mutagenicity testing combined with HPLC fractionation of urinary extracts also supported the postlabelling data which implicates PhIP as a mutagen in the urine of smokers of black tobacco.
17952757	This review covers the bibliographic data from the last 10 years on the possible carcinogenicity of heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs) in humans. Aspects such as red meat intake, cooking methods applied to red meat, and doneness of cooking are discussed from an epidemiological point of view. The role in the carcinogenicity of the HAAs has been assigned to two main factors: first, the very high frequency of consumption of red meat; and, second, very darkly browned meats from cooking. However, there are some uncertainties associated with epidemiological results such as the presence of other carcinogens, co-carcinogens and anti-carcinogens in the diet, analytical results on the content of HAAs in foods, food frequency questionnaires, and mainly genetic susceptibility to HAAs. It is concluded that there is not sufficient scientific evidence to support the hypothesis that human cancer risk is due specifically to the intake of HAAs in the diet.
20708442	The development and validation of a bioanalytical assay is described for the simultaneous analysis of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4-5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and its main metabolite 2-hydroxyamino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (N-OH-PhIP) in plasma, urine, faeces, bile, liver, kidney, testis, spleen, brain, as well as colon-, cecum- and small intestinal tissue and contents from mice. The effect of the matrix on the accuracy of the method was extensively investigated. The bioanalytical assay is based on reversed phase liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry in the positive ion mode using multiple reaction monitoring for analyte quantification. The assay is validated from 1 to 250 ng/mL and the sample pretreatment consists of protein precipitation with acetonitrile using only 100 microL matrix (plasma, bile diluted in 4% (m/v) BSA, intestinal contents, faeces and tissue samples homogenized in 4% (m/v) BSA). The measured concentrations of PhIP and N-OH-PhIP in homogenates were expressed in ng/mL. Based on the weight of the isolated intestinal contents, faeces or tissue the amount of PhIP and N-OH-PhIP per mass unit intestinal content, faeces or tissue was calculated. The validated range for PhIP in urine is from 10 to 1000 ng/mL using 20 microL urine. For N-OH-PhIP quantification, mouse urine was diluted 100 x in blank human urine to compensate for matrix effects. The developed method is simple, robust and reproducible. The applicability of the method was demonstrated and the assay could be successfully used to support in vivo toxicokinetics studies of PhIP and N-OH-PhIP in mice.
10755388	Group-A xeroderma pigmentosum (XPA) gene-deficient mice are defective in nucleotide-excision repair and highly susceptible to ultraviolet-B-, and 9,10-dimethyl-1,2-benz[a]anthracene (DMBA)-induced skin carcinogenesis. In this study, changes of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b] pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adduct formations in the liver, colon and lung, as assessed by the 32P-postlabeling method and immunohistochemical analysis, and carcinogenic and/or toxic susceptibility of both sexes of XPA-deficient mice (XPA-/-) to PhIP, which is a carcinogenic heterocyclic amine, was examined. Levels of PhIP-DNA adduct formations in the liver, colon and lung, were almost twice as high in XPA-/- as in wild type mice (XPA+/+) mice, 7 days after a single i.g. administration of PhIP, and their delay in recovery was observed in XPA-/- mice. For the long-term experiment, XPA-/- and XPA+/+ type mice were treated with 80 ppm PhIP in the diet for the first 4 weeks followed by 40 ppm after a 2-week recovery period (long-term experiment I), or 40 ppm PhIP throughout the experiment (long-term experiment II). Severe toxicity, as evidenced by body weight retardation and poor survival, was observed in the PhIP treated XPA-/- mice of both sexes, but not in the XPA+/+. At week 40 the experiments were terminated and histopathological examinations were performed after complete autopsy. Only lymphomas/leukemias were observed as neoplastic lesions, but no significant differences were observed between the groups. As non-neoplastic lesions, degenerating changes, for example in the pancreatic acinar cells, were observed with XPA-/- mice tending to be more sensitive than XPA+/+ mice. The present study demonstrated that PhIP-DNA adduct formations in the liver, colon and lung of XPA-/- mice were demonstrated and their recovery rate was more delayed than XPA+/+ mice, and furthermore, more severe toxicity to PhIP in XPA-deficient mice was observed, but they were not susceptible to PhIP carcinogenicity under the conditions of the experiment.
21298592	The principal objectives of this study were to evaluate whether exposure of rats to low doses of isothiocyanates modulates the overall metabolism of heterocyclic amine 2-amino-3-methylimidazo-[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ), as exemplified by urinary mutagenicity, a food carcinogen, and to relate any modifications in metabolism to changes in CYP1 and glutathione S-transferase activities. Animals were exposed to isothiocyanates either for 2 wk (long-term) or 1 day (short-term), and all animals were then treated with a single oral dose of IQ, and urine was collected daily for 3 days; animals continued to receive the isothiocyanates during this period. Urinary mutagenic activity was determined using the Ames mutagenicity assay in the presence of an activation system from Aroclor 1254-treated rats. At the end of the study, animals were killed and hepatic methoxy- and ethoxyresorufin dealkylations were determined as well as glutathione S-transferase activity. All isothiocyanates studied, namely sulforaphane, erucin, and phenethyl isothiocyanate, decreased urinary mutagenic activity, implying enhanced IQ metabolism, but only after long-term intake. Changes in mutagenic activity were not related to changes of any of the enzyme activities determined. It is concluded that long-term intake of isothiocyanates may stimulate the metabolism of IQ, but this effect is not linked to changes in hepatic CYP1A2 and glutathione S-transferase activities.
10190547	The heterocyclic amines (HCAs) are a family of mutagenic/carcinogenic compounds produced during the pyrolysis of creatine, amino acids and proteins. The major subclass of HCAs found in the human diet comprise the aminoimidazoazaarenes (AIAs) 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ), 2-amino-3,4-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (MeIQ), 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx), 2-amino-3,4,8-trimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (DiMeIQx) and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP). All, except DiMeIQx, have been shown to be carcinogenic in animals. These compounds are present in cooked muscle meats at the p.p.b. level. Since the discovery of the HCAs in the late 1970s, many studies have examined the DNA adducts of these compounds. This review compiles the literature on AIA-DNA adducts including their identification and characterization, pathways of formation, mutagenesis in vitro and in vivo, and their association with carcinogenesis in animal models. It is now known that metabolic activation leading to the formation of DNA adducts is critical for mutagenicity and carcinogenicity of these compounds. All of the AIAs studied adduct to the guanine base, the major adduct being formed at the C8 position. Two AIAs, IQ and MeIQx, also form minor adducts at the N2 position of guanine. A growing body of literature has reported on the mutation spectra induced by AIA-guanine adducts. Studies of animal tumors induced by AIAs have begun to relate AIA-DNA adduct-induced mutagenic events with the mutations found in critical genes associated with oncogenesis. Several studies have demonstrated the feasibility of chemoprevention of AIA tumorigenesis. Only a few studies have reported on the detection of AIA-DNA adducts in human tissues; difficulties persist in the routine detection of AIA-DNA adducts in humans for the purpose of biomonitoring of exposure to AIAs. The AIAs are nevertheless regarded as possible human carcinogens, and future research on AIA-DNA adducts is likely to help address the role of AIAs in human cancer.
18980957	It was the aim of this study to examine the association of the consumption of meat in general, meat prepared by different cooking methods and the dietary intake of heterocyclic aromatic amines (HCA) with the level of DNA adducts in the breast tissue of women undergoing reduction mammoplasty. Dietary intake of meat and HCA were assessed via questionnaire in 44 women undergoing reduction mammoplasty. DNA adduct analysis in breast tissue was performed by (32)P-postlabelling analysis. Spearman rank correlation coefficients (r) were calculated to examine the association of meat consumption and dietary HCA intake with tissue DNA adduct levels. A median DNA adduct level of 18.45 (interquartile range 12.81-25.65) per 10(9) nucleotides in breast tissue was observed; median HCA intake was 40.43 ng/day (interquartile range 19.55-102.33 ng/day). Total HCA intake (r = 0.33, P = 0.03), consumption of fried meat (r = 0.39, P = 0.01), beef (r = 0.32, P = 0.03) and processed meat (r = 0.51, P = 0.0004) were statistically significantly correlated with the level of DNA adducts in breast tissue. The detected DNA adducts could not be confirmed to be specific HCA-derived DNA adducts by comparison with external standards, using the (32)P-postlabelling assay. We observed strong correlations of dietary HCA intake and consumption of fried and processed meat with DNA adduct levels in breast tissue of 44 women. Since the detected DNA adducts were not necessarily specific only for HCA, it is possible that HCA intake is a surrogate of other genotoxic substances, such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, in meat prepared at high temperatures.
11921178	Heterocyclic amines produced from overcooked foods are extremely mutagenic in numerous in vitro and in vivo test systems. One of these mutagens, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), induces breast tumors in rats and has been implicated in dietary epidemiology studies as raising the risk of breast cancer in humans. Efforts in our laboratory and others have centered on defining the exposure to PhIP and other dietary mutagens derived from cooked food. We accomplish this by analyzing the foods with a series of solid-phase extractions and HPLC. We have developed an LC/MS/MS method to analyze the four major human PhIP metabolites (sulfates and glucuronides) following a single meal containing 27 microg of cooking-produced PhIP in 200 g of grilled meat. Although the intake of PhIP was similar for each of eight women, the total amount excreted in the urine and the metabolite profiles differed among the subjects. It appears that adsorption (digestion) from the meat matrix, other foods in the diet, and genetic differences in metabolism may contribute to the variation. The four major metabolites that can be routinely assayed in the urine are N(2)-OH-PhIP-N(2)-glucuronide, PhIP-N(2)-glucuronide, 4'-PhIP-glucuronide, and N(2)-OH-PhIP-N3-glucuronide. This work is suited to investigate individual exposure and risk, especially for breast cancer, from these potent dietary mutagens.
8319619	The bioavailability and the bioreactivity of the carcinogenic heterocyclic amine [2-14C]2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenyl-imidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) have been investigated at a dose approximating that likely from the human diet by accelerator mass spectrometry (AMS). [2-14C]PhIP was administered to mice at a dose equivalent ot the consumption of two 100 g beef patties (41 ng/kg). The biological half-life of PhIP was 1 hr, with 90% of the dose being excreted via the urine. Peak tissue PhIP concentrations were reached within 3 hr, with the highest levels in the tissues of the gastrointestinal tract, followed by the liver, kidney, pancreas, and thymus. Since the detection limit by AMS is dependent on the natural abundance of 14C, we have achieved further increases in sensitivity by producing mice that have 20% of the natural abundance of 14C. Use of these 14C-depleted animals allows measurements to be made near the natural level of exposure for many environmental carcinogens. PhIP-DNA adduct levels have also been measured by 32P-postlabeling at doses of 1.0, 10, and 20 mg/kg. The highest adduct levels were found in the pancreas, thymus, heart, and liver and increased linearly with dose. The principal adducts are derived from guanine.
8603466	The most abundant heterocyclic amine in fried ground beef, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), induces colon carcinomas in the male F344 rat. The potential chemopreventive effects of two compounds, namely, the 'interceptor molecule' chlorophyllin (CHL) and a modulator of carcinogen activation, indole-3-carbinol (I3C), were examined in a PhIP colon carcinogenesis model. During weeks 3 and 4 of a 16-week study, F344 rats were given PhIP by oral gavage (50 mg/kg body weight, alternating days). Inhibitors were given either before and during PhIP exposure, after PhIP treatment, or continuously for 16 weeks. Treatment of rats with 0.1% CHL in the drinking water inhibited the formation of aberrant crypt foci (ACF) with > or = 4 crypts/focus, from 1.4 +/- 0.9 in controls to 0.7 +/- 0.3 following post-initiation CHL treatment, and to 0.3 +/- 0.5 in rats given CHL continuously for 16 weeks (mean +/- SD; P < 0.05). Potent inhibition of PhIP-induced ACF occurred following initiation, post-initiation and continuous exposure to 0.1% I3C in the diet. Using the initiation protocol, I3C completely inhibited the induction of the ACF with > or = 4 crypts/focus. In a separate experiment, rats were given 0.1% CHL in the drinking water or 0.1% I3C in the diet for 4 weeks. At the end of week 3, animals received 50 mg PhIP/kg body weight by single oral gavage and PhIP-DNA adducts were quantified in the colon and several other tissues by 32P-postlabeling analysis. In addition, the urine and feces were collected to study the effects of inhibitor treatment on PhIP metabolism and excretion. No significant protection against PhIP-DNA adduct formation was detected in the colon after CHL dosing, nor was a consistent pattern of CHL inhibition observed in several other tissues. In contrast, I3C shifted the time-course of adducts in all tissue; compared with controls, adducts were increased by I3C at 6 h but decreased at 24 h and 7 days following PhIP treatment. Analysis of urine metabolites revealed that I3C and CHL decreased the excretion of unmetabolized PhIP and 4'-hydroxy- < PhIP but increased the phase II detoxification products PhIP-4'-O-glucuronide and PhIP-4'- sulfate. In the feces, the elimination of unmetabolized PhIP was increased from 54.5% in controls to approximately 67% in CHL-treated rats and decreased to 28% in rats given I3C (P < 0.05). These results support a protective role for CHL and I3C against PhIP-induced colon carcinogenesis through mechanisms which alter the uptake or metabolism of the carcinogen, and by suppression in the post-initiation phase.
20396988	A rapid and simple method for separation and detection of six heterocyclic aromatic amines (2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo [4,5-b]-pyridine, 2-amino-1-methyl-imidazo [4,5-f]-quinoline, 2-amino-3,8-dimethyl-imidazo [4,5-f]-quinoxaline, 2-amino-3,7,8-trimethyl-imidazo [4,5-f]-quinoxaline, 2-amino-3,4,8-trimethyl-imidazo [4,5-f]-quinoxaline, and 2-amino-3,4-dimethyl-imidazo [4,5-f]-quinoline) in human urine samples is proposed to reflect daily intake and recent HAAs exposure. This method comprises previous clean-up and preconcentration of the analytes on Strata-X reversed phase extraction cartridges followed by capillary liquid chromatography (CLC) and evaporative light-scattering detection (ELSD). A mobile phase of acetonitrile and ammonium acetate 35 mM at pH 5.15 through a gradient of composition and a flow rate of 15 microL min(-1) resulted in good separations of the analytes. Temperature and gas pressure were optimized for detection. The CLC-ELSD allows the separation and quantification of HAAs with good resolution, precision, and sensitivity. The usefulness of the proposed method was demonstrated by the analysis of synthetic and natural human urine samples spiked with different concentration levels of heterocyclic amines.
9202755	The dietary mutagens 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ) and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) are carcinogenic in rodents. In F344 rats PhIP induces mammary tumors in females and colon tumors in males, while IQ induces tumors principally in the liver, Zymbal gland and intestines. In CDF1 mice, IQ induces liver, lung and forestomach tumors. We have evaluated the dynamics of formation, removal and inhibition of PhIP- and IQ-DNA adducts in these rodents. After bolus doses (50 mg/kg, by gavage) of IQ or PhIP, both IQ- and PhIP-DNA adducts were removed rapidly from both target and nontarget organs, while after 3-4 weeks of feeding IQ or PhIP (0.01-0.04%) adduct removal was much slower. Gavaging of male F344 rats with PhIP (0.1-1000 micrograms/kg/day) for 23 days resulted in accumulation of PhIP-DNA adducts in various organs, but adducts were detectable only at 100 or 1000 micrograms/kg/day. Urinary excretion of unchanged PhIP was a constant proportion (1.6-2.1%) of the daily dose over the entire dose range and was independent of duration of exposure. When weanling female F344 rats were exposed to dietary PhIP (0.01-0.04%) for 1-4 weeks, the presence of either conjugated linoleic acid (CLA; 0.1-1.0%) or indole-3-carbinol (13C; 0.1%) in the diet inhibited PhIP-DNA adduct formation (58-99%) in various organs, including the mammary gland and the colon. Similarly, the inclusion of 0.075% 4-ipomeanol (IPO) in the diet of male CDF1 mice exposed for 3 weeks to dietary IQ (0.01%) resulted in inhibition of IQ-DNA adduct formation (30-59%) in the target organs (liver, lungs, stomach) but not in a number of other organs. It is concluded that (1) the rate of PhIP- and IQ-DNA adduct removal depends on the dose and frequency of administration, (2) urinary PhIP may be a good biomarker of recent PhIP exposure and (3) CLA, I3C and IPO are potential chemopreventive agents against PhIP- or IQ-induced tumors in rodents.
17416774	2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is the major heterocyclic amine generated from cooking meats at high temperatures, and dietary exposures have been shown to induce prostate cancer in rats. PhIP derives its carcinogenic potential through the formation of PhIP-DNA adducts. The purpose of this study was to examine whether self-reported consumption and preparation doneness of grilled meats were associated with PhIP-DNA adduct levels in prostate epithelial cells. The study population consisted of 268 African-American and Caucasian men who underwent radical prostatectomy for prostate cancer. PhIP-DNA adducts in tumor and adjacent nontumor cells were measured using immunohistochemical methods, and dietary meat intake information was based on food frequency questionnaires. Data were analyzed using multivariate linear regression models. After adjusting for age at prostatectomy and race, grilled meat consumption (P = 0.002) was significantly associated with higher adduct levels in tumor cells, but this association seemed to be primarily due to consumption of grilled red meats (P = 0.001) as opposed to grilled white meat consumption (P = 0.15). Among the specific food items, grilled hamburger consumption had the most significant association with adduct level in tumor cells (P = 0.002). Similar trends in positive associations with grilled meat consumption and adduct levels were observed in nontumor cells, but none of these associations reached statistical significance. Our results suggest that dietary interventions targeted at lower consumption of grilled red meats may reduce prostate cancer risk via the PhIP prostate carcinogenic pathway.
15059926	2-Amino-3-methyl-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (MeAalphaC) and 2-amino-3-methyl-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (AalphaC) are mutagenic and carcinogenic heterocyclic amines formed during ordinary cooking. MeAalphaC and AalphaC are activated to mutagenic metabolites by cytochrome P450-mediated N-oxidation to the corresponding N2-OH derivatives. The proximate mutagenic N2-OH derivatives of MeAalphaC and AalphaC did not react with deoxynucleosides or DNA. However, upon acetylation with acetic anhydride both reacted with 2'-deoxyguannosine and 3'-phospho-2'-deoxyguanosine, resulting in one adduct each, but not with other nucleosides or nucleotides. The adducts were identified as N2-(2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)-MeAalphaC, N2-(2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)-AalphaC, N2-(3'-phospho-2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)-MeAalphaC and N2-(3'-phospho-2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)-AalphaC by comparison with adducts of known structure obtained by reaction of the parent amines with acetylated guanine N3-oxide. N2-OH-MeAalphaC and N2-OH-AalphaC reacted with calf thymus DNA after addition of acetic anhydride. 32P-postlabelling analysis of modified DNA showed one major adduct co-migrating with N2-(3',5'-diphospho-2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)-MeAalphaC and N2-(3',5'-diphospho-2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)-AalphaC, respectively. Some minor adducts presumed to be undigested oligomers were also detected. 32P-postlabelling analysis of DNA from several organs of rats dosed orally with MeAalphaC showed that in vivo N2-(2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)-MeAalphaC also was the major adduct formed. Relative adduct level in DNA isolated from the liver of the rats was about 50.40 adducts/10(9) nt. The adduct levels were approximately 4-fold lower in the colon and the heart and approximately 12-fold lower in the kidney of the rats.
10798216	The heterocyclic amine 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is formed during the cooking of proteinaceous animal foods (meat, chicken, and fish). PhIP is a carcinogen in the Fischer 344 (F-344) rat; it induces mammary tumors in female rats and lymphomas and colon and prostate tumors in male rats. In F-344 rats, PhIP forms DNA adducts in various organs, including the target organs. Inhibition of PhIP-DNA adduct formation is likely to lead to inhibition of PhIP tumorigenicity. We have examined the chemopreventive properties of green tea and black tea in PhIP carcinogenesis by evaluating their effects on PhIP-DNA adduct formation in the female F-344 rat. Young adult animals were maintained on powdered AIN-76A diet while receiving regular drinking water or 2% (wt/vol) infusions of green tea or black tea for a total of six weeks. During Weeks 3, 4, and 5, all animals received PhIP by gavage (1 mg/kg/day). Three rats per group were euthanized on Days 1 and 8 after termination of PhIP exposure. DNA was isolated from a number of organs and analyzed for PhIP-DNA adducts by 32P-postlabeling assays. Compared with animals on regular drinking water, PhIP-DNA adduct formation was inhibited in small intestine, colon, liver, and mammary epithelial cells (MECs) of animals receiving green tea or black tea as the sole source of drinking fluid. Green tea inhibited adduct formation in colon, liver, and MECs (33.3-80.0%) on both days, but only on Day 8 (54.4%) in small intestine. Black tea inhibited adduct formation on both days in liver (71.4-80.0%), on Day 1 in colon (40.0%), and on Day 8 in small intestine (81.8%); it had no effect on MEC adducts. Neither green tea nor black tea had an effect on adduct levels in pancreas, lungs, white blood cells, heart, kidneys, spleen, cecum, or stomach. Similarly, these teas did not affect the rate of adduct removal (percent change from Day 1 to Day 8) in any organ. It is concluded that green tea and black tea are potential chemopreventive agents in PhIP-induced tumorigenesis in the F-344 rat.
12067575	Various methods of exposure assessment, such as questionnaires, sometimes combined with pictures of cooked meat, have been employed in investigations on the relationship between heterocyclic amines (HA) and health effects. However, as the content of heterocyclic amines vary greatly with cooking conditions, it is difficult to obtain an accurate estimate of the exposure. To improve the exposure assessment, the use of biomarkers has been investigated. The metabolism of 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx) and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is well characterised. In humans, the major part of the dose is excreted in urine within 24-48 h following a meal. A few percent is excreted as parent compounds, whereas the major part is metabolites. Urinary level of parent HA reflects only recent exposure. However, the pattern of excreted metabolites might indicate the capacity to activate or detoxify HAs. The excretion of glucuronide conjugates of N-hydroxy-PhIP and N-hydroxy-MeIQx could be a marker for the N-hydroxylation capacity and the dose of the proximate metabolites. Recently, we proposed 5-OH-PhIP as a marker for the ultimate reactive metabolite of PhIP, since it is formed from this compound as a by-product along with the formation of PhIP-DNA adducts. In a search for biomarkers reflecting exposure over some time, blood protein adducts with a longer lifespan have been investigated, and PhIP adducts of serum albumin and haemoglobin from meat-consuming humans were recently reported. Many compounds, like drugs, nicotine and narcotics, bind to melanin in hair and give information on exposure for longer time periods. In mice, PhIP is irreversibly incorporated in a dose-dependent manner into hair, and in humans exposed to an ordinary diet, it was found to vary from <50 to 5000 pg PhIP/g hair. The incorporation is also dependent on the content of eumelanin. The use of PhIP in hair as a biomarker of exposure is promising, but needs validation, using other methods of exposure assessment.
15065796	Heterocyclic amines (HAs), generated when proteinaceous food is cooked, are of special interest since they can be carcinogenic for humans. In this paper, the optimization of a clean-up procedure for the isolation and preconcentration of 15 heterocyclic amines in urine samples is described. The method proposed combines liquid extraction on a solid support of diatomaceous earth with solid-phase extraction in cartridges. Tests were performed on several cartridges containing graphitic carbon or mixed phases, i.e., combining reversed-phase and cation-exchange mechanism, and the best results were obtained with Oasis MCX. The optimized purification method was applied to the quantification of heterocyclic amines in hydrolyzed spiked human urine. The method was carried out by capillary electrophoresis (CE) coupled to mass spectrometry (MS) and applying field-amplified sample injection (FASI) as in-line preconcentration procedure. We obtained detection limits down to 0.3 ng/ml of urine and errors lower than 17%.
12949046	The formation of DNA adducts in human HepG2 cells and human hepatocytes exposed to 14C-labelled 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) was examined using Accelerator Mass Spectrometry (AMS). PhIP generated DNA adducts in a linear dose-dependent manner between 100 pM and 20 micro M. Co-treatment with the dietary isothiocyanate, sulforaphane (SFN, 1-10 micro M), or the flavonoid, quercetin (5-20 micro M), significantly reduced the level of PhIP-DNA adducts in a dose-dependent manner. The degree of protection was dependent on PhIP concentration, i.e. after 100 pM PhIP exposure, SFN or quercetin reduced adduct levels to below the limit of detection (0.15 amol PhIP/ micro g DNA) but at higher PhIP exposure (10 nM and 1 micro M), the protection was 60 and 10%, respectively. The involvement of phase I, phase II and DNA repair enzymes in this protection against PhIP-DNA adduct formation was investigated using real-time RT-PCR and enzyme activity assays. In intact HepG2 cells, quercetin inhibited cytochrome P450 (CYP)1A2, the main phase I enzyme responsible for PhIP bioactivation. In contrast, SFN induced phase II detoxification enzymes, UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 1A1 and glutathione S-transferase A1 mRNA expression. SFN and quercetin showed no effect on DNA repair, neither in terms of the level of PhIP-DNA adducts, when cells were treated with phytochemicals after the carcinogen exposure, nor the regulation of mRNA expression of two DNA repair enzymes, apurinic endonuclease and DNA polymerase beta. This study indicates that dietary isothiocyanates and flavonoids modulate phase I and phase II enzyme expression, hence increasing the rate of detoxification of the dietary carcinogen PhIP in human HepG2 cells but do not affect the rate of PhIP-DNA adduct repair. The formation of PhIP-DNA adducts in human hepatocytes was also dose-dependent with PhIP-concentration and the levels of protection by SFN or quercetin were up to 60% after 10 nM PhIP treatment, but showed large inter-individual variation with no observed protection in some individuals.
15686438	An evaluation of the in vivo antigenotoxic potential of beer components on heterocyclic amines including 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx) and 3-amino-1-methyl-5H-pyrido[4.3-b]indole (Trp-P-2) was determined with particular focus on the target organs of tumorigenesis, and the protective mechanisms involved were investigated. Beer-solution, consisting of a freeze-dried and dissolved sample, given as drinking water, reduced the formation of MeIQx-DNA adducts in mouse liver and lungs. Beer-solution added in the diet as a mimic of food additives also significantly reduced the amount of DNA adducts present in the liver, lung, and kidney DNA of mice fed with MeIQx compared to control mice fed with MeIQx in the absence of beer-solution. The amount of adducts present in the liver of mice with single or continuous administration of Trp-P-2 was significantly reduced when beer-solution was given as part of the diet compared to control mice given Trp-P-2 without beer-solution. Protective effects were observed both with lager- and stout-type samples. In an effort to investigate the mechanisms responsible for the observed protective effects, the effects of beer-solution on metabolizing enzymes for heterocyclic amines were examined. Beer-solutions inhibited the metabolic activation of Trp-P-2 to Trp-P-2(NHOH), as demonstrated by HPLC analysis. Considering the overall suppression of the genotoxicity of MeIQx and Trp-P-2 by beer, we have shown that beer components can inhibit the metabolic activation of heterocyclic amines and subsequently suppress the observed genotoxicity. The results of this study show that beer components are protective against the genotoxic effects of heterocyclic amines on target organs associated with tumorigenesis in vivo.
12214671	Heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs) are carcinogenic compounds formed in meats, fish, and poultry prepared under common household cooking practices. Some HAAs are also formed in tobacco smoke condensate. Because of the widespread occurrence of HAAs in these daily staples, health concerns have been raised regarding the potential role of HAAs in the etiology of some human cancers associated with frequent consumption of these products. In this review, the metabolism of HAAs to biologically active metabolites that bind to DNA and provoke mutations and cancer in various biological systems is discussed. Some of the current analytical and molecular methods that are used to measure biomarkers of HAA exposure and genetic damage in experimental animal models and humans are also presented. These biochemical data combined may help to better assess the role that HAAs may have in the development of some common forms of human cancers.
10418945	The heterocyclic amine 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is carcinogenic in the CDF1 mouse, causing lymphomas (spleen and lymph nodes) and in the F344 rat, causing mammary tumours in the female and colon tumours in the male. Dietary fish oil, a rich source of omega-3 fatty acids, exhibits chemopreventive properties in several rodent tumour models. The potential chemopreventive properties of dietary omega-3 fatty acid ethyl ester concentrate (O3C) were tested by evaluating its effects on the formation and removal of PhIP-DNA adducts. In the first experiment, a powdered AIN-76A diet containing 4.0% (w/w) O3C inhibited PhIP-DNA adduct formation in various organs of the CDF1 mouse, but not in those of the F344 rat. In a subsequent, second experiment, groups of male CDF1 mice were maintained for 43 days on AIN-76A diets containing the following percentages (w/w) of corn oil ethyl esters and O3C: 7.0 and 0, 5.5 and 1.5, 4.0 and 3.0, and 1.0 and 6.0, respectively. All animals received 0.04% (w/w) PhIP in the diet during weeks 3 and 4. Using 32P-postlabelling assays, PhIP-DNA adducts were analysed in various organs and white blood cells (WBC) on days 1, 8 and 15 after removal of PhIP from the diet. In the liver, O3C-containing diets inhibited adduct formation at all three time points (40.3-60.0%, 53.4-75.7% and 43.3-64.3% on days 1, 8 and 15, respectively). In the spleen, inhibition was evident only on days 8 (35.4-38.8%) and 15 (38.4-56.5%). O3C diets inhibited adduct formation in the stomach, small intestine and caecum at all three time points (except in the stomach and caecum on day 15) amounting to 18.5-31.5% decreases in the stomach, 40.0-60.3% decreases in the small intestine and 24.4-31.4% decreases in the caecum. The extent of inhibition was not related to O3C concentration. In the colon and WBC, adduct levels were independent of the type of diet. In all organs, adduct levels decreased significantly over time, with day 15 levels being 6.3-31.6% of those on day 1. Rate of adduct removal was independent of the type of diet. It is concluded that dietary O3C inhibits PhIP-DNA adduct formation in a target organ (spleen) as well as in non-target organs (liver and gastrointestinal tract) of the CDF1 mouse, but that the rate of adduct removal is independent of the O3C content of the diet.
9463528	In a search for suitable biomarkers for human dietary exposure to heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs), we have investigated the concentrations of three common fried food mutagens in food and urine after consumption of a fried meat meal. In this connection we developed a method for the determination of HAAs and have investigated the common fried red meat HAAs 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-beta]pyridine (PhIP), 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx) and 2-amino-3,4,8-trimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (DiMeIQx). Eight volunteers participated in the study, each consuming a meal of fried minced beef patties (295 g), boiled potatoes, and a green salad. Urine was collected for two 12-hr periods prior to and following the meal. HAAs were determined in cooked meat and in untreated and acid hydrolysed urine by a series of liquid/liquid extractions, followed by Blue cotton adsorption and finally by a novel derivatized technique for gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). The primary amino groups were derivatized by acylation with heptafluorobutyric acid anhydride, and the resulting amide methylated using diazomethane. Phenolic hydroxyl groups were also methylated by this procedure, making it possible to detect hydroxylated HAAs, possible metabolites or constituents of the fried meat. 4'-Hydroxy-PhIP ¿2-amino-1-methyl-6-(4-hydroxyphenyl)imidazo[4,5-beta]pyridine¿ (4'-OH-PhIP) was indeed found in meat as well as in urine. The contents of PhIP, MeIQx and DiMeIQx in meat were 4.0 +/- 2.6, 3.5 +/- 0.9 and 0.3 +/- 0.1 ng g-1 (mean +/- SD, n = 4), from which the mean amounts ingested were calculated to be 1180, 1030 and 90 ng, respectively. Total amounts of HAAs in the 0-24-hr post-meal untreated urine (and percent of ingested dose) were 6-23 ng PhIP (0.5-2%) and 10-63 ng MeIQx (1-6%). In hydrolysed urine, the levels of HAAs were higher, totalling 24-100 ng PhIP (2-8.5%) and 133-329 ng of MeIQx (13-32%). DiMeIQx was below detection limit in all urine samples. Judged from our study, there were rather large inter-individual variations in the amounts of excreted HAAs, possibly caused by variations in the activities of enzymes taking part in HAA metabolism.
17936011	The formation of adducts by reaction of active metabolites of two heterocyclic aromatic amines (NHOH-PhIP and NHOH-IQ) at nucleophilic sites of deoxynucleosides has been studied by LC-MS(n) analyses of the obtained reaction mixtures. Sequential MS(3) experiments were carried out on an ion trap mass spectrometer to gain extensive structural information on each adduct detected in the first MS step. Attribution of ions was supported by accurate mass measurements performed on an Orbitrap mass analyzer. Particular attention was given to ions diagnostic of the linking between the heterocyclic aromatic amine (HAA) and the deoxynucleoside. By this way, the structures of five adducts have been characterized in this study, among which two are new compounds: dG-N7-IQ and dA-N(6)-IQ. No depurinating adduct was found in the reactions investigated therein. As expected, the C8 and N(2) atoms of dG were found as the most reactive sites of deoxynucleosides, resulting in the formation of two different adducts with IQ and one adduct with PhIP. An unusual non-depurinating dG-N7-IQ adduct has been characterized and a mechanism is proposed for its formation on the basis of the reactivity of arylamines. A dA-N(6)-IQ adduct has been identified for the first time in this work, showing that HAAs can generate DNA adducts with bases other than dG.
15310244	A rapid and facile tandem solvent solid phase extraction method was established to isolate the heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs) 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (8-MeIQx), 2-amino-3,4,8-trimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine, and 2-amino-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole from urine. The HAAs were separated by reversed phase liquid chromatography and quantified by electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry (ESI/MS/MS) using selected reaction monitoring. The limits of detection and quantitation of these HAAs approached 1-3 and 2-8 pg/mL, respectively, using only 0.3 mL of urine for analysis. Full product ion spectra were acquired to corroborate analyte identities. The pretreatment of urine from human volunteers that had consumed a grilled beef meal with acid or base at 70 degrees C increased the concentration of HAAs by as much as 6-fold, indicating the presence of phase II conjugates of the parent compounds. HAAs containing an N-methylimidazole moiety undergo facile cleavage of the N-methyl group under collision-induced dissociation conditions, and MS/MS analysis in the constant neutral loss scan mode monitoring the transition [M + H](+) --> [M + H - CH(3)(*)](+) revealed the presence of two other HAAs. 2-Amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (IQx) was identified by coelution of the analyte with synthetic IQx and by acquisition of the product ion spectrum. The second HAA was present in a relatively high abundance in urine. The molecule had the same nominal mass as 8-MeIQx (MH(+) at m/z 214), and the product ion spectrum was similar to that of 8-MeIQx. This novel HAA was also found in the grilled meat consumed by the volunteers at a concentration of 8 parts per billion. The accurate mass measurement and product ion spectrum of this molecule by ESI quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry revealed that it was an isomer of 8-MeIQx. This tandem solvent solid phase extraction LC/ESI/MS/MS procedure may be used to rapidly assess the daily exposure to a variety of HAAs in urine.
15777097	Liquid chromatography electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (MS) with a triple quadrupole MS was used to identify known and novel heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs) in human urine. The identities of 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (8-MeIQx) and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) were confirmed by their product ion spectra. The constant neutral loss scan mode was employed to probe for other analytes in urine that display the transition [M+H]+-->[M+H-CH3*]+*, which is common to HAAs containing an N-methylimidazo moiety, and led to the detection of a previously unreported isomer of 8-MeIQx [Holland, R., et al. (2004) Chem. Res. Toxicol. 17, 1121-1136]. We now report the identification of another novel HAA, 2-amino-1-methylimidazo[4,5-b]quinoline (IQ[4,5-b]), an isomer of the powerful animal carcinogen 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ). The amounts of IQ[4,5-b] measured in the urine of human volunteers who consumed grilled beef ranged from 15 to 135% of the ingested dose, while the amounts of 8-MeIQx and PhIP excreted in urine were on average <2% of the ingested dose. Base treatment of urine at 70 degrees C increased the concentrations of 8-MeIQx and PhIP by as much as 6-fold, indicating the presence of phase II conjugates; however, the amount of IQ[4,5-b] increased by more than 100-fold. IQ[4,5-b] was also detected in the urine of vegetarians following base hydrolysis. The formation of IQ[4,5-b], but not IQ, 8-MeIQx, or PhIP, also occurred in urine incubated at 37 degrees C. Creatinine and 2-aminobenzaldehyde are likely precursors of IQ[4,5-b]. The detection of IQ[4,5-b] in the urine of both meat eaters and vegetarians suggests that this HAA may be present in nonmeat staples or that IQ[4,5-b] formation may occur endogenously within the urinary bladder or other biological fluids.
1944385	Most heterocyclic amines formed during the cooking of meat and fish have been shown to form adducts in the livers of rats. Recently, however, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), administered in the diet to Fischer 344 (F344) rats for 4 weeks, was shown to produce the highest levels of adducts in the heart. In the present study 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ), 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo [4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx), 3-amino-1,4-dimethyl-5H-pyrido[4,3-b]indole (Trp-P-1) and 2-amino-6-methyldipyrido[1,2-a:1',2'-d]imidazole (Glu-P-1) were given to F344 rats at carcinogenic dose levels (IQ 0.03%, MeIQx 0.04%, Trp-P-1 0.015%, Glu-P-1 0.05%) in the diet for 4 weeks. DNA adducts in the liver and heart were analyzed by 32P-postlabeling. DNA adducts were demonstrated to appear in the hearts of all animals exposed to heterocyclic amines at the following levels: IQ, 1.8 adducts/10(7) nucleotides, MeIQx, 3.8/10(7) ntd, Trp-P-1, 20/10(7) ntd and Glu-P-1, 7.2/10(7) ntd. Values for the heart were 10-20% of the respective liver adduct levels. Heart adducts increased linearly throughout the observed period when MeIQx was administered for up to 40 weeks. When MeIQx feeding was discontinued after 20 weeks and the animals subsequently given the basal diet, the adduct level at 20 weeks did not change during the following 20 weeks. A possible role for heart DNA alterations caused by food-borne heterocyclic amines in the development of age-related myopathies and cardiovascular disease is not inconceivable.
8055652	The food-borne mutagen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) induces tumors in colon of male rats and has been implicated in the etiology of human cancers, particularly colorectal cancer. This study was conducted to examine: (1) the biliary and/or circulatory transport of N-hydroxy-PhIP and its N-glucuronides, N-sulfonyloxy-PhIP and N-acetoxy-PhIP; (2) their role as proximate and ultimate carcinogenic metabolites of PhIP; (3) the potential role of glutathione in modulating PhIP-DNA adduct formation. PhIP-DNA adducts, measured by the 32P-postlabeling method, were highest in the pancreas (361 adducts/10(8) nucleotides or 100%), followed by colon (56%), lung (28%), heart (27%) and liver (2%), at 24 h after a single oral dose of PhIP (220 mumol/kg) to male rats. In each tissue examined, we observed two major adducts, each of which accounted for 35-45% of the total, and one minor adduct, which represented about 10-20% of the total. One of the major adducts was identified as N-(deoxyguanosin-8-yl)-2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5- b]pyridine by chromatographic comparisons with an authentic standard. The major urinary metabolites of PhIP in these rats were 4'-hydroxy-PhIP and its glucuronide and sulfate conjugates, followed by N-hydroxy-PhIP N3-glucuronide, N-hydroxy-PhIP N2-glucuronide and unchanged PhIP. In bile duct-ligated rats, the urinary excretion of the N-OH-PhIP N3-glucuronide was increased two-fold, but there was no effect on PhIP-DNA adduct formation in the colon, heart, lung, pancreas or liver. 2,6-Dichloro-4-nitrophenol, which strongly inhibits arylsulfo-transferase-mediated DNA binding in vivo, had no effect on PhIP-DNA adduct levels in liver or in extrahepatic tissues. Pretreatment of rats with buthionine sulfoximine, which results in hepatic glutathione depletion, caused a five-fold increase in adduct formation in the liver. Intravenous administration (10 mumol/kg) of N-hydroxy-PhIP and N-acetoxy-PhIP each led to high levels of PhIP-DNA adducts in each of the extrahepatic tissues examined. Adduct levels ranged from two- to six-fold higher (for N-hydroxy-PhIP) and four- to 28-fold higher (for N-acetoxy-PhIP) as compared to that after an i.v. dose of the parent compound, indicating that these two bioactivated derivatives of PhIP are sufficiently stable to be transported through the circulation to extrahepatic tissues.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
8565139	2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adducts in white blood cells and tissues and unmetabolized PhIP in urine were validated as biomarkers of exposure in male Fischer-344 rats treated with daily PhIP doses ranging from 1 to 0.0001 mg/kg. At the end of the 23 day treatment period all rats were killed and their blood and 10 tissues were collected for isolation of DNA and analysis of PhIP-DNA adducts by 32P-postlabeling and alkaline hydrolysis with GC/MS. PhIP-DNA adducts could be detected only in animals receiving 1 or 0.1 mg/kg/day, with highest adduct levels in the pancreas, heart and kidneys. There was a good correlation (r = 0.77, P < 0.005) between the two methods of analysis, with average adduct levels determined by 32P-postlabeling approximately 1.4 times higher than those determined by alkaline hydrolysis with GC/MS. PhIP-DNA adducts accumulated in most tissues, especially in the liver, kidneys, heart and pancreas, with lower levels in the white blood cells, small intestine, stomach, colon and cecum. Using GC/MS levels of unmetabolized PhIP were measurable in four weekly 24 h urine samples even at 0.0001 mg/kg/day, a dose comparable with reported human dietary exposure. A linear dose-response was obtained for excretion of unmetabolized PhIP across the range of doses, with approximately 1.8% of the dose excreted daily, largely independent of the number of doses. No PhIP was detected in the urine of untreated rats. If it can be shown that a constant percentage of PhIP is excreted unchanged in human urine, irrespective of dose, as has been found with the rat, measurement of urinary PhIP could be used as an accurate measure of dietary exposure to this amine in man.
7881341	The metabolic activation of food-borne heterocyclic amines to colon carcinogens in humans is hypothesized to occur via N-oxidation followed by O-acetylation to form the N-acetoxy arylamine that binds to DNA to give carcinogen-DNA adducts. These steps are catalyzed by hepatic cytochrome P4501A2 (CYP1A2) and acetyltransferase-2 (NAT-2), respectively, which are known to be polymorphic in humans. On the basis of this proposed metabolic activation pathway, patients at greatest risk to develop colorectal cancer or nonfamilial polyps should be those who possess both the rapid NAT-2 and rapid CYP1A2 phenotypes and are exposed to high dietary levels of carcinogenic heterocyclic amines. Using a method that involves caffeine administration and high pressure liquid chromatographic analysis of urinary metabolites, we have determined the CYP1A2 and NAT-2 phenotypes of 205 controls and 75 cancer/polyp cases. Exposure information was obtained using a dietary and health habits questionnaire. Both the rapid CYP1A2 and rapid NAT2 phenotypes were each slightly more prevalent in cases versus controls (57% and 52% versus 41% and 45%, respectively). However, the combined rapid CYP1A2-rapid NAT-2 phenotype was found in 35% of cases and only 16% of the controls, giving an odds ratio of 2.79 (P = 0.002). Univariate analysis of the questionnaire indicated that age, rapid-rapid phenotype, and consumption of well done red meat were associated with increased risk of colorectal neoplasia. Furthermore, a logistic regression model that included age (as a continuous variable), consumption of well done red meat, and rapid-rapid phenotype as independent covariates gave odds ratios of 1.08, 2.08, and 2.91, respectively.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
7586192	2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), the most abundant heterocyclic amine in fried beef, is mammary gland carcinogen in rats. Using the 32P-postlabeling method, PhIP-DNA adduct levels were measured in mammary epithelial cells isolated from female Sprague-Dawley rats given 10 daily doses of PhIP (75 mg/kg, p.o.) according to a protocol previously shown to induce mammary gland cancer. At 24 h, 48 h, 1 week and 5 weeks after the last dose of PhIP, PhIP-DNA adduct levels [relative adduct labeling (RAL) x 10(7), mean +/- SD] were 10.2 +/- 0.7, 7.9 +/- 2.7, 2.2 +/- 0.6 and 0.9 +/- 0.03 respectively. When isolated rat mammary epithelial cells (from untreated rats) were incubated in vitro with N-hydroxy-PhIP (45 microM, 1 h, 37 degrees C), PhIP-DNA adducts were detected in cell DNA (RAL = approximately 97 x 10(7); however, no adducts were detected in cells incubated with PhIP (200 microM, 15 h, 37 degrees C). Incubating cells with pentachlorophenol, an inhibitor of acetyltransferase, or incubating cells at 0-4 degrees C, reduced N-hydroxy-PhIP adduct levels by 45 and 75% respectively, indicating that formation of N-hydroxy-PhIP adducts was largely due to metabolic activation. Further studies showed that rat mammary gland microsomes had little capacity to N-hydroxylate PhIP, as assayed by the mutagenic activation of PhIP in the Ames Salmonella assay. In contrast, N-hydroxy-PhIP was metabolically activated by cytosol-catalyzed PhIP-DNA adduct formation to calf thymus DNA incubated in vitro with N-hydroxy-PhIP (2 microM) in the presence of acetyl CoA. Notably, mammary cytosolic O-acetyltransferase activation of N-hydroxy-IQ or N-hydroxy-MeIQx. All three N-hydroxylamines were activated via cytosolic proline aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase and phosphorylase, although the activities of these enzymes were approximately 100-fold lower than O-acetyltransferase. No mammary cytosolic sulfotransferase activation could be detected with any of the N-hydroxylamines. Our results are consistent with the notion that PhIP-DNA adduct formation and initiation of carcinogenesis in the rat mammary gland may be associated with N-hydroxylation of PhIP outside the mammary gland, transport of the N-hydroxylamine to the mammary gland and subsequent in situ O-acetyltransferase-catalyzed activation of N-hydroxy-PhIP.
9631495	Meat cooked at high temperatures contains mutagens and carcinogens known as heterocyclic amines (HCA). Cooking temperature and time determine the amount of HCA produced. The present study examined the DNA of liver, colon, and stomach from rats fed a high level of HCA for 27 weeks. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a high-fat AIN-76A-based diet containing 60% by weight cooked beef containing a high level of HCA, especially 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP, 72 ng/g cooked beef), the most abundant HCA in cooked meat products. At the end of 27 weeks the rats were terminated, and small portions of liver, colon, and stomach were quick-frozen in liquid nitrogen. The DNA was isolated from the thawed tissue by phenol-chloroform extraction, and the genomic DNA was analyzed for the presence of PhIP adducts by 32P-postla-beling analysis. The DNA was also used in polymerase chain reactions to amplify the rat p53 and Apc genes, then direct dye-terminator DNA sequencing was carried out. Results showed no PhIP adducts in any tissue. In addition, no signature p53 or Apc gene mutations were seen in colon or stomach DNA. These results indicate that the high level of HCA present in a diet of well-cooked meat does not cause 1) persistent PhIP adducts similar to those produced by feeding pure PhIP at high doses or 2) p53 and Apc gene mutations in nontumor tissue.
11477514	Heterocyclic amines (HAs) formed in fried, broiled or grilled meats are potent mutagens that increase rates of colon, mammary, prostate and other cancers in bioassay rodents. Studies of how human dietary HA exposures may affect cancer risks have so far relied on fairly crudely defined HA-exposure categories. Recently, an integrated, quantitative approach to HA-exposure assessment (HAEA) was developed to estimate compound-specific intakes for particular individuals based on corresponding HA-concentration estimates that reflect their meat-type, intake-rate, cooking-method and meat-doneness preferences. This method was applied in the present study to U.S. national Continuing Survey of Food Intakes by Individuals (CSFII) data on meats consumed and cooking methods used by >25,000 people, after adjusting for underreported energy intake and conditional on meat-doneness preferences estimated from additional survey data. The U.S. population average lifetime time-weighted average of total HAs consumed was estimated to be approximately 9 ng/kg/day, with 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) estimated to comprise about two thirds of this intake. Pan-fried meats were the largest source of HA in the diet and chicken the largest source of HAs among different meat types. Estimated total HA intakes by male vs. female children were generally similar, with those by (0- to 15-year-old) children approximately 25% greater than those by (16+-year-old) adults. Race-, age- and sex-specific mean HA intakes were estimated to be greatest for African American males, who were estimated to consume approximately 2- and approximately 3-fold more PhIP than white males at ages <16 and 30+ years, respectively, after considering a relatively greater preference for more well-done items among African Americans based on national survey data. This difference in PhIP intakes may at least partly explain why prostate cancer (PC) kills approximately 2-fold more African American than white men, in view of experimental data indicating that PhIP mutates prostate DNA and causes prostate tumors in rats.
10050263	Meats cooked at high temperatures contain mutagenic heterocyclic amines such as 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ). In female Fischer 344 rats, IQ is a multiorgan carcinogen, whereas PhIP induces mammary adenocarcinomas. For IQ and PhIP, N-hydroxylation, catalyzed by microsomal cytochrome P-450 1A1 and/or 1A2, and then esterification, especially O-acetylation, are the principal steps leading to DNA adduct formation. Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a mixture of conjugated linoleic acid isomers found in various meat and dairy products. We have examined the effect of dietary CLA on DNA adduct formation by PhIP and IQ in female Fischer 344 rats. Four-week-old animals were maintained on AIN-76A diet without or with CLA (4% wt/wt) and treated with IQ or PhIP (50 mg/kg by gavage) after two weeks. Animals were killed (4/group) one, four, and eight days later. DNA isolated from mammary epithelial cells, liver, colon, and white blood cells was analyzed for carcinogen-DNA adducts by 32P-postlabeling assays. On Day 1, dietary CLA significantly inhibited adduct formation (82.0%) in mammary epithelial cells in IQ--but not in PhIP-treated rats. In the colon, dietary CLA significantly inhibited PhIP-DNA adduct formation (18.7%) on Day 8 but increased IQ-DNA adduct formation (30.5%) on Day 8. Dietary CLA had no effect on adduct levels in liver or white blood cells. Calf thymus DNA was incubated with N-hydroxy-PhIP or -IQ in the presence of acetyl-CoA. Enzymatic activation was catalyzed by liver or mammary cytosol. A two-week pretreatment with 2% (wt/wt) dietary CLA had no effect on O-acetyltransferase-catalyzed IQ- or PhIP-DNA adduct formation. It is concluded, under certain conditions, that dietary CLA can lower IQ- and PhIP-DNA adduct formation. Overall, however, the major mode of action of CLA is probably by a mechanism other than the inhibition of the N-hydroxylation and subsequent O-acetylation of PhIP or IQ.
16394512	An evaluation of the antigenotoxic potential of beer components against carcinogens contained in the human diet, namely heterocyclic amines (HCAs) including 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), was determined. The protective mechanism involved was also investigated. Beer samples were found to inhibit the mutagenicity of HCAs in the Ames test. Beer solution, consisting of a freeze-dried and dissolved sample, given as drink-water significantly reduced the formation of PhIP-DNA adducts in mouse colon and lung compared to control mice fed with PhIP in the absence of beer solution. Furthermore, beer solution added in the diet as a food additive mimic significantly reduced the amount of DNA adducts present in the liver and lung of mice fed with PhIP. In an effort to investigate the mechanism responsible for the observed protective effect, the effect of beer solutions on HCA metabolizing enzymes was investigated. Beer solutions inhibited the activity of CYP1A1 and CYP1A2, as determined from deethylation and demethylation assays using 7-ethoxy- and 7-methoxyresolufin, respectively. Considering the overall suppression of PhIP genotoxicity by beer, this study confirmed that beer components can interfere with the enzyme activity involved in the metabolism of HCAs and subsequently suppress the observed genotoxicity. The results of this study showed that beer components act in a protective capacity against the genotoxic effects of heterocyclic amines in vivo.
9772093	Immunohistochemistry was used to examine the cellular localization of cytochrome P4501A1 (CYP1A1) in various types of endothelial linings in muscle tissues of rats and mice treated with the Ah receptor agonist beta-naphthoflavone (BNF). In addition, light microscopic autoradiography was used to localize sites of metabolic activation of 3H-labeled Trp-P-1 (3-amino-1,4-dimethyl-5H-pyrido[4,3-b]indole), a heterocyclic amine known to be metabolized by CYP1A1, in rodent tissue slices. The results showed a colocalization of CYP1A1 immunoreactivity and covalent binding of 3H-Trp-P-1 in endothelial linings of capillaries and veins of heart, skeletal muscle, and uterus in BNF-treated rodents, indicating the presence of catalytically active CYP1A1 at these sites. The immunohistochemical staining and covalent binding of 3H-Trp-P-1 in endothelia of arteries and arterioles was generally weak with the exception of uterine arterioles. In lymph nodes of BNF-treated rats, there was an intense CYP1A1 staining of high endothelial venules. The results suggest that endothelial linings of capillaries and veins in muscle tissues but also uterine arterioles and high endothelial venules in lymph nodes may be targets for CYP1A1-mediated metabolic products of endogenous and exogenous substances following exposure to CYP1A1 inducing agents.
16780350	The 2'-deoxyguanosine adduct of the dietary mutagen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) has been synthesized and incorporated into DNA using solid state synthesis technology. The key step to obtaining the C8-dG adduct is a palladium (Xantphos-chelated)-catalyzed N-arylation (Buchwald-Hartwig reaction) of PhIP by a suitably protected 8-bromo-2'-deoxyguanosine derivative. The reaction proceeded in good yield without complicating side products, and the adduct was converted to the required 5'-O-DMT-3'-O-phosphoramidite by standard methods. This modified deoxynucleoside was used to synthesize three oligodeoxynucleotides in which the C8-PhIP-dG adduct was incorporated at a single site. The oligomers were purified by reverse phase HPLC and characterized by mass spectrometry.
12903983	Green tea is known to be a potential chemopreventive agent against cancer. In this study, we investigated the inhibitory activities of tea extracts, and in particular the polyphenolic component (-)-epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG), against heterocyclic amine-induced genotoxicity. The tea extracts displayed inhibition of 2-hydroxyamino-6-methyldipyrido[1,2-a,3',2'-d]imidazole (Glu-P-1(NHOH))-induced mutagenicity. This inhibition can be accounted for by the presence of EGCG in the extracts. The mutagenic effect of Glu-P-1(NHOH), which induces single-strand cleavage in supercoiled circular DNA under neutral conditions, was inhibited by EGCG. Using the Drosophila repair test, a test for gross DNA damage, and DNA adduct detection by (32)P-postlabeling, we showed that EGCG prevented 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline-induced DNA damage and adduct formation in insect DNA. EGCG was found to accelerate the degradation of Glu-P-1(NHOH) in vitro. This observation suggested that the inhibition by EGCG is associated with an accelerated degradation of metabolically activated heterocyclic amines.
16889804	2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) has been implicated in the development of colon, prostate and mammary gland tumors in rats. In this study, we developed a modified in vitro mutagen sensitivity assay, with activated PhIP (N-OH-PhIP) as the challenge mutagen and chromosome aberrations as the endpoint, and applied it in a pilot prostate cancer case-control study of 81 cases and 84 age and ethnicity-matched controls. Our results showed significantly higher baseline breaks among the cases, mean+/-S.E.=1.86+/-0.23 versus 0.96+/-0.14 in controls; P=0.006. Individuals with high baseline breaks (dichotomized at the control median) had a 36% increased risk for PC (OR=1.36; 95% CI=1.08-1.72). In stratified analysis, high baseline breaks was associated in younger participants (< or = 60 years) with an OR of 1.71 (1.14-2.57) and in those with a positive family history of PC, an OR of 1.43 (0.97-2.11). PhIP treatment induced significantly higher breaks in cases, mean+/-S.E.=5.07+/-0.39 versus 3.83+/-0.24 in controls; P=0.05. Higher PhIP-induced breaks was associated with an overall 17% increased risk for PC (OR=1.17; 95% CI=1.03-1.33), a significantly increased risks (OR=1.19; 95% CI=1.00-1.41) among younger participants, non-smokers (OR=1.39, 1.03-1.88) and 1.20 (1.00-1.45) among those with no family history of PC. Results from this pilot study demonstrate differential sensitivity to PhIP among subgroups and therefore, this assay have potential as a susceptibility marker for prostate cancer risk.
9250630	PURPOSE: Heterocyclic amines (HCAs), which are found mainly in well-cooked meat, require metabolic activation to function as mutagens and animal carcinogens. Enzymes such as cytochrome P4501A2 (CYP1A2) and N-acetyltransferase (NAT2) perform this task and are subject to interindividual variation. The source of this variation may be genetic, as in the case of NAT2, or both genetic and environmental as with CYP1A2. The present study examined the effect of HCAs on the NAT2 and CYP1A2 phenotypes in 33 males and 33 females. METHODS: The subjects consumed a low HCA-containing diet for 1 week followed by a high HCA diet for the subsequent week. The subjects were phenotyped for CYP1A2 and NAT2 at the time of entry into the study (free-living), 1 week later (end of low-HCA or low-induction diet) and 2 weeks later (end of high-HCA or high-induction diet). RESULTS: Consistent with genetic sources of variability, NAT2 showed little effect of a high-HCA diet and exhibited high intraindividual correlation. CYP1A2, in contrast, was induced by a high-HCA diet and exhibited a more modest intraindividual correlation. CONCLUSIONS: Incorporating putative genetic susceptibility makers in population studies requires consideration of issues of induction and inhibition of metabolizing enzymes, and effects of covariates. 
12628517	The chemopreventive effect of tea against 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adduct formation and its mechanism were studied. Rats were exposed to freshly prepared aqueous extracts of green tea (3% (w/v)) as the sole source of drinking water for 10 days prior to administration with a single dose of PhIP (10 mg/kg body weight) by oral gavage. PhIP-DNA adducts in the liver, colon, heart, and lung were measured using the 32P-postlabelling technique. Rats pre-treated with tea and given PhIP 20 h before sacrifice had significantly reduced levels of PhIP-DNA adducts as compared with controls given PhIP alone. The possible mechanism of protective effect of tea on PhIP-DNA adduct formation was then examined in vitro. It was found that an aqueous extract of green and black tea, mixtures of green and black tea polyphenols, as well as purified polyphenols could strongly inhibit the DNA binding of N-acetoxy-PhIP, a putative ultimate carcinogen of PhIP formed in vivo via metabolic activation. Among these, epigallocatechin gallate was exceptionally potent. HPLC analyses of these incubation mixtures containing N-acetoxy-PhIP and the tea polyphenols each revealed the production of the parent amine, PhIP, indicating the involvement of a redox mechanism. In view of the presence of relatively high levels of tea polyphenols in rat and human plasma after ingestion of tea, this study suggests that direct reduction of the ultimate carcinogen N-acetoxy-PhIP by tea polyphenols is likely to be involved in the mechanism of chemoprotection of tea against this carcinogen.
15207388	2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is a member of a class of compounds known as the heterocyclic amines (HCAs) that are formed in meat during cooking. It is a multi-organ carcinogen in rodents forms adducts and with DNA and protein. Although protein adducts are not thought to be involved in cancer development, they may be useful as internal dosimeters of PhIP exposure and bioactivation. Towards the goals of characterizing the adducts formed in humans and the development of an assay for quantitation of adduct levels, we have characterized a peptide adduct formed by the putative genotoxic metabolite, N-acetoxy-PhIP. A model peptide with the internal sequence Leu-Gln-Lys-Cys-Pro-Tyr, which is homologous to a potential target sequence for HCAs in human serum albumin, was reacted with N-acetoxy-PhIP and an adduct was identified and further characterized by LC-ESI-MS/MS. N-acetoxy-PhIP is covalently bound to the peptide via cysteine and the exocyclic amino group of PhIP. Future work is needed to establish if this adduct is formed and is stable in vivo in humans following exposure to PhIP.
19441775	2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is a carcinogenic heterocyclic aromatic amine that is produced in cooked meats. The simultaneous analysis of PhIP and its metabolites in human urine is a challenge, because these biomarkers only occur in urine at parts per billion or lower concentrations and must be selectively purifed from thousands of other urinary constituents. We have developed a facile solid-phase extraction method, employing a mixed-mode reverse-phase cation exchange resin, to simultaneously isolate PhIP, its glucuronide conjugates, and the glucuronide conjugates of the genotoxic metabolite 2-hydroxyamino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine from the urine of meat eaters. PhIP and its metabolites were quantified by liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization/tandem mass spectrometry (LC-ESI/MS/MS), using a triple stage quadrupole mass spectrometer in the selected reaction monitoring scan mode. The lower limit of quantification (LOQ) of PhIP is 5 parts per trillion (ppt), and the LOQ values for the glucuronide conjugates are 50 ppt, when 25 microL of urine is employed for assay. The extraction scheme is versatile and has been employed to isolate other ring-hydroxylated and glucuronidated metabolites of PhIP, for characterization by LC-ESI/MS/MS.
8199311	Three experiments using 20 microM 2-(hydroxyamino)-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (N-OH-PhIP) were performed to induce mutations in the dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR) gene of a hemizygous Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cell line (UA21). Metabolized forms of this chemical primarily bind at the C-8 position of guanine in DNA. In total, 21 independent induced mutants were isolated and 20 were characterized. DNA sequencing showed that the preferred mutation type found in 75% of the induced DHFR- clones was G.C-->T.A single and tandem double transversions. In addition to base substitutions, one mutant carried a-1 frameshift and another one had lost the entire locus by deletion. The induced changes affected purine targets on the nontranscribed strand of the gene in nearly all of the mutants sequenced (18/19). At the time that the first two experiments were performed, the initial adduct levels were quantitated in treated cells at the mutagenic dose by 32P-postlabeling. While the induced frequency of mutation was relatively low (approximately 5 x 10(-6), the adduct levels after a 1-h exposure of UA21 cells to 20 microM N-OH-PhIP were relatively high (13 adducts x 10(-6) nucleotides). This latter method was then employed to learn if the induced mutation frequency correlated with rapid overall genome repair of PhIP-DNA adducts. Total adduct levels, determined using DNA samples from treated cells collected after intervals of time, were reduced by about 50% after 6 h, and about 70% after 24 h. Since overall genome repair in CHO cells is relatively slow compared with preferential gene repair, the removal of dG-C8-PhIP adducts was apparently efficient. In order to better understand the mutational and repair results, we performed computational modeling to determine the lowest energy structure for the major dG-C8-PhIP adduct in a repetitively mutated duplex sequence opposite dA. Results of this analysis indicate that the PhIP-modified base resembles previous structural determinations of (deoxyguanosin-8-yl)-aminofluorene; the carcinogen is in the B-DNA minor groove and its adopts a syn conformation mispaired with an anti A. The implications of this conformational distortion in DNA structure for damage recognition by cellular repair enzymes are discussed.
23276304	Heterocyclic amines (HCAs) are mutagenic/carcinogenic compounds formed at ng/g levels during frying meat or fish. The effect of the normal intake of dietary HCAs in humans and their involvement in the etiology of cancer are currently unknown. In this work, a new extraction method, liquid phase microextraction (LPME) with hollow fibers, and LC-MS/MS have been used for the first time to determine HCAs and metabolites in nonspiked human urine following a single meal of chicken cooked at 180 °C for 6 min. The total intake of HCAs was estimated to be 6 μg, of which 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) accounted for about 1 μg. The concentrations of PhIP in nonhydrolyzed urine samples ranged from 11.7 to 59.4 pg/g. The total amount of PhIP in urine ranged between 9.3 and 21.1 ng, which corresponds to 0.91-2.1% of the ingested PhIP. In addition, the urine levels of 4'-OH-PhIP (2-amino-1-methyl-6-(4'-hydroxy)phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine) and 5-OH-PhIP (2-amino-1-methyl-6-(5-hydroxy)phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine) also showed a narrow variation between the samples. The analysis of urine samples after acid hydrolysis did not give additional information but showed a notable increase in norharman in some cases. The obtained results suggest PhIP in urine as a possible biomarker of exposure to HCAs and the LPME and LC-MS/MS method as an appropriate strategy to biomonitor HCAs in urine.
7671244	Effects of transplacental and trans-breast milk exposure to a food-derived mammary and colon carcinogen, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), were investigated in rats. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were administered PhIP in the diet (100 ppm) for 4 weeks before mating with nontreated males and also during gestation and lactation. As controls, additional females were maintained on the basal diet without PhIP and mated as with the treated animals. The offspring of both groups were subdivided for each sex at weaning into three dietary groups receiving 100, 25, and 0 ppm and were killed at 47 weeks of age. Effects of the transplacental and neonatal exposure to PhIP on mammary carcinogenesis were most evident in females administered 25 ppm PhIP after weaning; the incidence and multiplicity of adenocarcinomas in offspring from the PhIP fed dams (42.9%, 0.62/rat) was significantly higher than the value for offspring from nontreated dams (4.8%, 0.05/rat). Furthermore, in the basal diet groups, the incidence of adenocarcinomas in females was higher, albeit not significantly, in offspring of the PhIP-treated than the nontreated dams (16.7%, 0.22/rat as compared with 3.3%, 0.07/rat). Although the highest incidence of mammary adenocarcinomas was found in the female progeny given 100 ppm PhIP from PhIP-treated dams (70.0%, 1.55/rat), this was only slightly higher than the 61.9% and 0.90/rat of the same dose group from the nontreated dams. In males, no apparent effects of transplacental and neonatal exposures were evident. In a separate experiment, excretion of PhIP into breast milk and transfer of PhIP to fetuses and neonates with resultant hepatic PhIP-DNA adduct formation were demonstrated. Thus, maternal exposure to this food-derived carcinogen may be a critical risk factor for generation of mammary carcinomas.
2710268	The concentrations of 2-amino-3-methylimidazo(4,5-f) quinoline (IQ) and 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo(4,5-f)quinoxaline (MeIQx), a family of mutagenic and carcinogenic heterocyclic amines, in the plasma of normal subjects (10 cases), patients with uremia receiving maintenance hemodialysis treatment (9 cases) and patients with uremia just before induction of hemodialysis treatment (5 cases) were determined by a high-performance liquid chromatography method. The plasma levels of IQ and MeIQx in uremic patients just before induction of hemodialysis treatment were 12.6 +/- 4.1 nM (mean +/- S.D., n = 5) and 10.0 +/- 2.3 nM (n = 5), respectively. In patients with uremia receiving maintenance hemodialysis treatment, IQ and MeIQx were detected in 4 and 2 out of 9 cases, respectively and the levels of those in the plasma were 4.1 nM (n = 4) and 1.7 nM (n = 2), respectively. However, IQ and MeIQx could not be detected in all normal subjects. These results indicate that uremic patients just before induction of hemodialysis treatment are actually exposed to higher levels of the carcinogenic heterocyclic amines, as compared with normal subjects and uremic patients receiving maintenance hemodialysis treatment.
8625507	Sinc DNA adducts of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) are formed at relatively high levels in the rat pancreas but not liver, we examined the uptake of PhIP and its N-hydroxy metabolite (N-OH-PhIP) into pancreatic acini and hepatocytes to determine if differential tissue uptake was a factor modulating the formation of PhIP-DNA adducts. In addition, since the precursors of PhIP formation are two amino acids and since various amino acid transporters have been identified in the pancreas, the possible involvement of these transporters in the uptake of PhIP and N-OH-PhIP was investigated. The uptake both heterocyclic compounds into both tissue preparations was rapid, with maximal uptake occurring with 1-2 min. However, PhIP uptake into pancreatic acini was significantly (2-way ANOVA, P < 0.05) greater than uptake of N-OH-PhIP into pancreatic acini and the uptake of both PhIP and N-OH-PhIP into hepatocytes. Although uptake was rapid, efflux of both compounds from both tissue preparations was also rapid. However, the efflux rate constant (1.86 +/- 0.6/min, mean +/- SEM) for PhIP) was significantly lower (Student's t-test, P < 0.05) than that for N-OH-PhIP (4.14 +/- 0.04/min) from pancreatic acini. This, combined with the increased uptake of PhIP into pancreatic acini , suggests that there is substantial but reversible binding of PhIP in the pancreas. The uptake of both PhIP and N-OH-PhIP into pancreatic acini and hepatocytes was not affected by the presence of various amino acids in the incubation buffer, indicating that amino acid transporters are not involved in uptake of these compounds. Furthermore, uptake of both compounds did not appear to be dependent on metabolic energy supply. The above data, together with the high octanol:buffer partition coefficients (logP = 1.322 and 1.301 for PhiP and N-OH-PhIP respectively) suggest that both uptake and efflux of PhIP and N-OH-PhIP are consistent with a process of passive diffusion. The tissue binding characteristics for PhIP in the pancreas may create conditions whereby pancreatic cytochrome P450 1A1 can catalyse the formation of N-OH-PhIP. While N-OH-PhIP is not the ultimate reactive DNA binding species, it has been shown to directly bind to and form DNA adducts. Therefore, it is possible that the apparent selective accumulation of PhIP may contribute to the high level of PhIP-DNA adducts formed in the rat pancreas.
10503895	2-Amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx) and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) are heterocyclic amines formed during the cooking of meat and fish. Both are genotoxic in a number of test systems and are carcinogenic in rats and mice. Human exposure to these compounds via dietary sources has been estimated to be under 1 microg/kg body wt. per day, although most laboratory animal studies have been conducted at doses in excess of 10 mg/kg body wt. per day. We are using accelerator mass spectrometry (AMS), a tool for measuring isotopes with attomole sensitivity, to study the dosimetry of protein and DNA adduct formation by low doses of MeIQx and PhIP in rodents and comparing the adduct levels to those formed in humans. The results of these studies show: 1, protein and DNA adduct levels in rodents are dose-dependent; 2, adduct levels in human tissues and blood are generally greater than in rodents administered equivalent doses; and 3, metabolite profiles differ substantially between humans and rodents for both MeIQx and PhIP, with more N-hydroxylation (bioactivation) and less ring oxidation (detoxification) in humans. These data suggest that rodent models do not accurately represent the human response to heterocyclic amine exposure.
8781372	Heterocyclic amines (HCAs) are mutagens/carcinogens to which humans are exposed on almost a daily basis. 2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhlP) is the most abundant of the various carcinogenic HCAs (present at a level of 0.56 to 69.2 ng/g of cooked meat or fish), with 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (MelQx) following it at 0.64 to 6.44 ng/g. HCAs have been found in the urine of healthy people who consume ordinary diets, while patients receiving parenteral alimentation lack, for example, PhlP and MelQx in their urine. Based on the concentrations of PhlP and MelQx in urine samples from 10 healthy volunteers, daily intake of MelQx in Japanese was calculated to be 0.3 to 3.9 micrograms/person, while that of PhlP was 0.005 to 0 micrograms. The Japanese consume more MelQx than Americans, whereas Japanese intake of PhlP was about one-third that of Americans. MelQx-DNA adducts have also detected in Japanese Kidney, colon, and rectum samples using the 32P-postlabeling method followed by identification using high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) analysis; the levels were 0.18, 1.8, and 1.4 per 10(9) nucleotides, respectively. In addition, we elucidated the mutational fingerprints of Phlp by analyzing Apc mutations in rat colon cancers induced by this carcinogen. Four of eight tumors had a total of five mutations in the Apc gene, four of which featured a guanine deletion from 5'-GTGGGAT-3' sequences. This specific mutation spectrum may be used as a fingerprint of PhlP in evaluating its risk potential for human colon carcinogenesis. Mutations were not found in similar 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline-induced colon lesions. Microsatellite instability was detected in both colon and mammary tumors induced by PhlP. The mechanisms involved in this development of microsatellite instability in PhlP. The mechanisms involved in this development of microsatellite instability in PhlP-induced cancers remain to be elucidated.
7955104	Adduct formation between the food mutagen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and rat serum albumin (RSA) was studied in vitro using hepatic microsomes isolated from polychlorinated biphenyl-induced rats. With 1-methyl-2-nitro-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (2-nitro-PhIP) as starting material, four main products were formed. Pretreatment of RSA with beta-mercaptoethanol markedly increased the yield of one of them. In this adduct, the C-2 of PhIP was linked to cysteine of RSA at position 34 in a C-S linkage. With N2-acetoxy-PhIP as starting material, unstable conjugates were formed with RSA as well as with glutathione (GSH) and cysteine. The suggested structures of the GSH and cysteine conjugates, GSH-S-N2-PhIP and cysteine-S-N2-PhIP respectively, are based on mass spectra and UV spectra. The degradation of the conjugates of GSH and cysteine as well as of the protein adduct were monitored. They all resulted in the same degradation product, identified as 2-amino-5-hydroxy-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (5-hydroxy-PhIP).
19628463	2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is the most abundant heterocyclic amine in cooked foods, and is both mutagenic and carcinogenic. It has been suspected that the carcinogenicity of PhIP is derived from its ability to form DNA adducts, principally dG-C8-PhIP. To shed further light on the molecular mechanisms underlying the induction of mutations by PhIP, in vitro DNA synthesis analyses were carried out using a dG-C8-PhIP-modified oligonucleotide template. In this template, the dG-C8-PhIP adduct was introduced into the second G of the TCC GGG AAC sequence located in the 5' region. This represents one of the mutation hot spots in the rat Apc gene that is targeted by PhIP. Guanine deletions at this site in the Apc gene have been found to be preferentially induced by PhIP in rat colon tumors. DNA synthesis with A- or B-family DNA polymerases, such as Escherichia coli polymerase (pol) I and human pol delta, was completely blocked at the adducted guanine base. Translesional synthesis polymerases of the Y-family, pol eta, pol iota, pol kappa, and REV1, were also used for in vitro DNA synthesis analyses with the same templates. REV1, pol eta, and pol kappa were able to insert dCTP opposite dG-C8-PhIP, although the efficiencies for pol eta and pol kappa were low. pol kappa was also able to catalyze the extension reaction from the dC opposite dG-C8-PhIP, during which it often skipped over one dG of the triple dG sequence on the template. This slippage probably leads to the single dG base deletion in colon tumors.
15224350	Dietary heterocyclic aromatic amines (HCA) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are both believed to play a role in colon carcinogenesis, and are both substrate for the enzyme cyclooxygenase (COX). In HCA-7 cells, highly expressing isoform COX-2, we investigated the effects of PUFA on prostaglandin synthesis and DNA adduct formation by the HCA 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ). Furthermore, we studied the role of COX, COX-2 in particular, and cytochrome P4501A2 (CYP1A2) by using the enzyme inhibitors indomethacin (IM), NS-398, and phenethyl isothiocyanate (PEITC), respectively. COX-mediated formation of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) from linoleic acid (LA) showed that HCA-7 cells can convert LA into arachidonic acid (AA). Alternatively, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) was found to compete with AA for COX. Strongly decreased PGE2 levels by addition of IM demonstrated involvement of COX in PUFA metabolism. Both IM and NS-398 inhibited adduct formation by HCA to nearly the same extent, indicating involvement of COX-2 rather than COX-1, while CYP1A2 activity in HCA-7 cells was demonstrated by addition of PEITC. Overall, inhibiting effects were stronger for PhIP than for IQ. HCA-DNA adduct formation was stimulated by addition of PUFA, although high PUFA concentrations partly reduced this stimulating effect. Finally, similar effects for n-3 and n-6 fatty acids suggested that adduct formation may not be the crucial mechanism behind the differential effects of PUFA on colon carcinogenesis that have been described. These results show that COX, and COX-2 in particular, can play a substantial role in HCA activation, especially in extrahepatic tissues like the colon. Furthermore, the obvious interactions between PUFA and HCA in COX-2 expressing cancer cells may be important in modulating colorectal cancer risk.
18599369	A hollow-fibre supported liquid membrane (HF-SLM) extraction method has been developed for determination of 11 heterocyclic aromatic amines (HCAs) in human urine samples by using high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) equipped with an ultraviolet (UV) absorbance detector. These compounds were extracted from an alkaline urine sample (donor phase) into the organic solvent residing in the pores of a polypropylene hollow fibre and then back extracted into an acidic solution (acceptor phase) inside the lumen of the hollow fibre. After extraction, HCAs were analyzed by injecting the analyte enriched acceptor phase into the HPLC. The analyte enrichment factors ranged between 241 and 339 obtained in a 90 min extraction time, and method detection limits (MDL) ranged between 0.1 and 0.5 microg L(-1) with relative standard deviation (RSD) values between 3.4% and 11%. The extraction technique employed in this work is easy to use and rapid as it involves only a few minutes manipulation of each sample. It is the most economical sample preparation/preconcentration technique to our knowledge as compared to other microextraction techniques.
9202746	The mutagenic heterocyclic aromatic amine, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), is a pyrolysis product in cooked foods that has been shown to be a rat colon carcinogen and has been implicated in the etiology of human colon cancer. In order to identify chemoprotection strategies that could be carried out in humans, a pilot study was conducted in which PhIP-DNA-adduct levels were quantified in the colons of male F344 rats that had been subjected to 16 different putative chemoprotection regimens, followed by a gavage of PhIP (50 mg/kg) and sacrifice 24 h later. The 16 treatments (Oltipraz, benzylisothiocyanate, diallyl sulfide, garlic powder, ethoxyquin, butylated hydroxyanisole, glutathione, indole-3-carbinol, alpha-angelicalactone, kahweol/cafestol palmitates, quercetin, green tea, black tea, tannic acid, amylase-resistant starch, and physical exercise) comprised sulfur-containing compounds, antioxidants, flavonoids, diterpenes, polyphenols, high dietary fiber, etc. The strongest inhibition of PhIP-DNA adduct formation in the colon was observed upon pretreatment with black tea, benzylisothiocyanate, and a mixture (1:1) of kahweol:cafestol palmitates, which resulted in 67, 66, and 54% decreases in colon PhIP-DNA adduct levels, as compared with controls. Preliminary studies on their mechanism of action indicated that only kahweol:cafestol caused a substantial induction of glutathione S-transferase isozymes (GSTs) that are thought to be important in the detoxification of PhIP. Notably, this induction occurred in the liver rather than in the colon.
16780355	Synthesis of 2'-deoxyguanosine-C8 adducts (dG-C8 adducts) with mutagenic/carcinogenic heterocyclic amines (HCAs) was achieved via the Buchwald-Hartwig arylamination reaction. By using tris(dibenzylideneacetone)dipalladium (Pd(2)dba(3)) and 9,9-dimethyl-4,5-bis(diphenylphosphino)xanthene (xantphos) with a cesium carbonate (Cs(2)CO(3)) base at a reaction temperature of 100 approximately 120 degrees C, we obtained derivatives of dG-C8 adducts with 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ), 2-amino-6-methyldipyrido[1,2-a:3',2'-d]imidazole (Glu-P-1), 3-amino-1,4-dimethyl-5H-pyrido[4,3-b]indole (Trp-P-1), 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx), and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in 69% approximately 97% yield from the cross-coupling of an 8-bromodeoxyguanosine derivative. In the case of PhIP, it was found that dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) was the critical solvent for the arylamination reaction. Subsequent deprotection of the resulting dG-C8 adduct derivatives yielded authentic samples of dG-C8 adducts with HCAs. The dG-C8-PhIP adduct was further converted into a suitably protected phosphoramidite derivative for automated DNA synthesis. Synthesis of oligonucleotides wherein PhIP adducted on each G within a triple G sequence in codon 869 (TCC GGG AAC) of rat Apc genes was performed with a modification in the coupling time and deprotection procedures.
16962602	A high through-put miniaturised separation-quantification method for the heterocyclic aromatic amine 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in urine was developed. The limit of detection was of 0.65 fmol (0.14 pg) injected or 65 pM. Heterocyclic aromatic amines are mutagenic and carcinogenic compounds formed at low levels in protein-rich food during cooking. Due to the low concentrations and the high complexity of the matrix in which they exist (food, blood, and urine), and the often small sample volumes (capillary blood; urine, blood and milk from small animals), very sensitive and selective analytical methods are required for their detection. Miniaturization was accomplished by micro solid-phase extraction in capillaries with blue chitin as solid-phase, coupled on-line (in-capillary) to capillary electrophoresis with nanospray tandem mass spectrometric detection. This new technique provided a total analysis time of only 15 min, including extraction and separation, together with low sample and solvent consumption. Blue chitin showed high tolerance towards the urine matrix. Urine collected 12h after consumption of fried chicken contained 1.8 nmol L(-1) (0.40 pg microL(-1)) of PhIP.
9591192	Indole-3-carbinol (I3C), a naturally occurring inhibitor of experimental carcinogenesis, was evaluated for its possible inhibitor effect on DNA-adduct formation of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), a dietary mutagen, in female F344 rats. PhIP is a mammary carcinogen in female F344 rats and a colon carcinogen in male F344 rats. Four-week-old animals (4/group) were maintained on powdered AIN-76A diet with or without 13C (0.02% or 0.1%, w/w) for 58 days. PhIP (0.04%, w/w) was added to the diet from days 15 through 42. Animals were killed on days 43 and 58. DNA isolated from mammary epithelial cells (MECs), colon, liver, and white blood cells (WBCs) was analyzed for PhIP-DNA adducts by 32P-postlabeling assays. On day 43, adduct levels of the group receiving 0.1% dietary I3C decreased in MECs (91.9%), colon (67.2%), liver (69.2%), and WBCs (82.3%). On day 58, DNA adduct formation was inhibited in the colon (81.3-82.2%) at both dietary I3C concentrations, and in liver (46.8%) only in the animals fed 0.1% I3C. When incorporated in the diet after exposure to dietary PhIP (0.04% for 2 weeks), 13C (0.1%) had no effect on the rate of removal of PhIP-DNA adducts over the next 28 days. It is concluded that dietary I3C inhibits PhIP-DNA adduct formation in the female F344 rat but does not affect adduct removal. I3C may be a promising chemopreventive agent in PhIP-induced carcinogenesis in rats.
7955116	The food mutagen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is carcinogenic in the male Fischer-344 rat, affecting principally the colon. PhIP-DNA adducts may play a role in the initiation of the carcinogenic process. We have evaluated the formation and persistence of PhIP-DNA adducts in the colon, circulating white blood cells (WBC) and several other non-target organs of the male Fischer-344 rat. Young adult male animals were given a single dose of PhIP (50 mg/kg) by gavage. Animals were killed 1, 2, 6, 12, 16 or 20 days after dosing (4 animals/time point) and their liver, lungs, stomach, small intestine, cecum, colon, kidneys, WBC, heart and spleen were removed for isolation of DNA and assay of PhIP-DNA adducts by 32P-postlabeling. For interorgan comparisons of cell turnover, rats were given a single i.p. dose of [methyl-3H]thymidine, after which DNA was isolated at the same time intervals as for adduct analysis and its sp. act. (d.p.m. 3H/100 micrograms) was determined. In all organs up to three adducts could be isolated and the adduct pattern was the same in each case. On day 1, total adduct levels were highest in the colon (the target organ), followed by the spleen, cecum, small intestine, stomach, liver, kidneys, lungs, WBC and heart. Rates of adduct removal were similar in the colon, spleen, cecum, liver, lungs, stomach and small intestine, with day 16 and day 20 levels falling to < 16% of those on day 1; rates of removal were slower in the heart and kidneys (52.0 and 30.3% of day 1 values remaining on day 16 respectively). Adducts in WBC increased at first (day 2) and decreased thereafter to virtually non-detectable levels on days 16 and 20. Heart adducts on days 2-12 increased slightly or remained as high as those on day 1, then decreased to lower levels on days 16 and 20 (53.0 and 28.7% of day 1 levels respectively). There was no preferential removal or persistence of any individual adduct in WBC or in any of the organs. On days 1 and 2, the sp. act. of intestinal DNA (small intestine, cecum and colon) was > 30-fold higher than that in several other organs, including the liver. These sp. act. decreased to the low sp. act. of the liver on day 20. It is concluded that the rates of adduct removal from the intestines are more likely to be related to cell turnover of epithelial cells than to enzymatic repair.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
17487839	African-American men have a higher dietary intake of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), which is the most abundant heterocyclic amine in cooked meats and is carcinogenic in rat prostate through the formation of DNA adducts. To determine the clinical and demographic factors associated with PhIP-DNA adduct levels, the biologically effective dose of PhIP in human prostate, we immunohistochemically measured PhIP-DNA adducts in a study of 162 Caucasian and 102 African-American men who underwent radical prostatectomy for prostate cancer. A strong correlation between PhIP-DNA adduct levels in prostate tumor and adjacent non-tumor cells was observed (rho = 0.62; p < 0.0001); however, non-tumor cells had significantly higher adduct levels compared with tumor (0.167 optical density (OD) units +/- 0.043 vs. 0.104 OD +/- 0.027; p < 0.0001). Race was not associated with PhIP-DNA adduct levels in either tumor or non-tumor cells, but race-specific associations were observed. In prostate tumor and non-tumor cells, tumor volume had the strongest association with PhIP-DNA adducts in Caucasians, whereas in African-Americans prostate volume was most strongly associated with adduct levels in tumor cells and advanced Gleason grade had the strongest association in non-tumor cells. In race interaction models, while the only statistically significant interaction was between African-American race and advanced Gleason grade in non-tumor cells (beta = 0.029; p = 0.02), in tumor cells we observed opposite effects by race (positive for African-Americans, negative for Caucasians) for older age and high PSA levels at diagnosis. In conclusion, while PhIP-DNA adduct levels in prostate cells do not vary significantly by race, our results suggest that PhIP exposure may have stronger effects on prostate tumor differentiation in African-American men.
19122802	Xenobiotic-DNA adducts are used as biomarkers to assess the genotoxic effects of carcinogens. Rats were dosed with 4-aminobiphenyl (4-ABP), 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx), or 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP). DNA was isolated from the colons of vehicle and carcinogen-treated rats and digested using different nucleases and alkaline phosphatase. Deoxyribonucleoside adducts were quantified by capillary liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) using isotope dilution methods with deuterated internal standards. Major adducts were those bound to the C8 position of deoxyguanosine. 3'- and 5'-Exonucleases were the most efficient nucleases at isolating dG-C8-ABP adducts. However, bulky adducts such as dG-C8-MeIQx and dG-C8-PhIP were better isolated using nuclease P1 rather than a combination of micrococcal nuclease and spleen phosphodiesterase. The use of DNase I enhanced the detection of all three adducts. We describe LC-MS/MS methods for DNA adduct detection and support the testing of different nucleases that increase DNA digestion efficiency and make available more DNA adducts for detection.
11467522	Capillary liquid chromatography/microelectrospray-mass spectrometry (capillary LC/muESI-MS) was used to quantify DNA adducts of the heterocyclic aromatic amine 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ) in livers of male Fischer-344 rats. Animals received a single oral dose of either 0.05, 0.50, 1.0, or 10 mg/kg IQ and were sacrificed 24 h following treatment. The major lesion identified at all doses was N-(deoxyguanosine-8-yl)-2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (dG-C8-IQ). The capillary LC/muESI-MS method provided the means for quantifying 17.5 fmol of dG-C8-IQ (2.0 adducts in 10(8) nucleosides) (S/N 10) in 300 microg of liver DNA with an intra- and interday precision of 3.5 and 6.6% (RSD), respectively. dG-C8-IQ was quantified with a mean intra- and interday accuracy of 105 +/- 26 and 106 +/- 28 (SD) based on back-calculated adduct masses from five standard curves analyzed over a four-week period. This is the first report on development of a capillary LC/muESI-MS method to quantify dG-C8-IQ adducts in liver DNA of rats following dosing with IQ at different levels. Furthermore, the ability to accurately and precisely quantify dG-C8-IQ at a level of 2.0 adducts in 10(8) nucleosides in vivo makes this method well suited for use in future studies relating carcinogen exposure to risk in humans.
16908439	Recent epidemiological investigations have observed an association between the consumption of grilled or barbecued meat and an increased risk of pancreatic cancer, suggesting that dietary exposure to heterocyclic aromatic amines (HCA) may contribute to the development of this disease. 2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo [4,5-b]-pyridine (PhIP) is the most abundant HCA found in well-done and grilled meats. To determine whether HCA-induced DNA damage is present in the human pancreas, immunohistochemistry and computer-assisted image analysis were used to measure PhIP-DNA adducts in 54 normal pancreatic tissues (N) from persons without pancreatic cancer and in 38 normal adjacent pancreatic tissues (A) and in 39 cancer tissues (T) from 68 patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma. PhIP-DNA adducts were detected in 53 N, 34 A and 39 T samples. Mean values (+/-SD) of the absorbency for PhIP staining were 0.22+/-0.04, 0.24+/-0.04, and 0.24+/-0.03 for N, A, and T samples, respectively (p=0.004). Using the median absorbency (0.21) of the samples from normal controls as the cut-off, 71% of A and 77% of T tissues, compared with 48% of N tissues, were distributed in the higher range (p=0.009). The odds ratio of pancreatic cancer was 3.4 (95% confidence interval 1.5-7.5, p=0.002) for individuals with a higher level of PhIP-DNA adducts. This is the first report of the detection of PhIP-DNA adducts in human pancreatic tissue samples obtained from patients with unknown exposure to HCA. Although limited by the small sample size, these preliminary results suggest that PhIP exposure may contribute to human pancreatic cancer development.
17985119	A simple and easy-to-use extraction procedure has been optimised, validated, and applied for extraction of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in urine and spiked plasma samples. PhIP is a carcinogenic and mutagenic heterocyclic aromatic amine that is formed during cooking of meat and fish. The novelty of the extraction procedure lies in using a short piece of narrow capillary-like microporous hollow-fibre (HF) membrane as extraction device. The HF membrane was filled with a few microlitres of acidic solution and the membrane pores were impregnated with an organic extraction solvent. Therefore, the technique was called hollow-fibre supported liquid membrane (HF-SLM) extraction. The HF extraction device was then supported by a syringe needle and directly immersed in urine (1.4 mL) or plasma (0.3 mL) previously made alkaline by adding 0.5 mol L(-1) NaOH solution to give a final volume of 1.6 mL. The operation of the HF-SLM extraction at the optimal conditions resulted in a PhIP extraction efficiency of 74% from both spiked urine and plasma, corresponding to enrichment factors of 126 and 27, respectively. For 90 min extraction time, limits of detection and quantification were, respectively, 8 and 25 pg mL(-1) for urine and 6 and 11 pg mL(-1) for plasma. Within-day repeatability (n = 6) and between-day reproducibility (n = 3) were, respectively, 5% and 13% for urine and 6% and 7% for plasma. Analysis of urine samples collected for 12 h after a volunteer had eaten 250 g well-done chicken showed the PhIP concentration was 124 +/- 21 pg mL(-1), calculated assuming an extraction efficiency of 74%.
20113859	PhIP (2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine) is a heterocyclic amine and genotoxic carcinogen contaminant that occurs during the grilling and frying of meat and fish, through an interaction between sugars and creatine via the Maillard reaction. PhIP causes cancers of the prostate, mammary gland and colon in rodents. Dose-response modelling of the data for these three tumour types gives BMDL10 values of 0.48 mg/kg/day for the prostate tumours, 0.74 mg/kg/day for mammary tumours and 2.71 mg/kg/day for colon tumours. The lowest MOEs for prostate, mammary and colon tumours were 20,000, 40,000 and 150,000, respectively.
15184267	This study was designed to estimate a correlation between metabolic activation phenotypes and formation of DNA adducts by heterocyclic amines (HCA) in 15 liver samples from healthy donors. The correlation between the amount of endogenous DNA adducts and the content of cytochrome P450 in human liver samples in vivo was statistically significant at r(2) = 0.71 and P < 0.005. Furthermore, the isolated human liver microsomes were treated in vitro with two HCAs, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and 2-amino-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (A alpha C), which have been recognized to induce two DNA adducts: 3',5'-diphosphate-N-(2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)-PhIP (3',5'-pdGp-C8-PhIP) and 3',5'-diphosphate-N-(2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)-A alpha C (3',5'-pdGp-C8-A alpha C). The correlations between the amount of DNA adducts induced by both compounds in vitro and the content of cytochrome P450 in human microsomes are statistically significant at r(2) = 0.69 and r(2) = 0.62 (P < 0.001), respectively. Furthermore, the level of DNA adducts after treatment with PhIP and A alpha C correlated with the activities of three isozymes of cytochrome P450: CYP1A1, CYP1A2, and CYP3A4. Therefore, three chemical inhibitors were used in the experiments: ellipticine against CYP1A1, furafylline against CYP1A2, and troleandomycin against CYP3A4. The highest inhibition levels in the formation of 3',5'-pdGp-C8-PhIP and 3',5'-pdGp-C8-A alpha C adducts were estimated to occur in the presence of furafylline at 56% and 69%, respectively. Ellipticine was involved in the inhibition of 40% of 3',5'-pdG-C8-PhIP adducts and in only 18% of the inhibition of 3',5'-pdGp-C8-A alpha C adducts. Troleandomycin did not significantly inhibit the formation of 3',5'-pdGp-C8-PhIP adducts under these conditions, but it inhibited the formation of 31% of the 3',5'-pdGpC8-A alpha C adducts. We conclude that the formation of DNA adducts can be used as a relevant marker of interindividual variability in the metabolic activation of HCAs in humans.
1544148	Potent mutagenic and carcinogenic heterocyclic amines are produced from heated food derived from muscle. These compounds are present at part-per-billion levels and consist primarily of the amino-imidazoazaarene class of chemicals. Additional mutagens present in the meat are not as clearly characterized. Commercial fried-beef patties (hamburgers) have low levels of 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx) and 2-amino-3,4,8-trimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (4,8-DiMeIQx), 0.1-0.68 ng/g meat for MeIQx and slightly lower for 4,8-DiMeIQx. The formation of these heterocyclic amines can be reduced by microwave pretreatment of meat, with the resulting liquid being poured off before frying. The Ames/Salmonella mutagenic activity was reduced to 5-10% of that of non-microwave-treated samples. MeIQx and DiMeIQx concentrations were reduced to 12% and 50% of levels in the non-microwave-treated samples, respectively. MeIQx adducts, as measured by accelerator mass spectrometry, were found to be linear with doses from 5 mg/kg to 500 ng/kg. Linear DNA binding at low doses is important for assuming linear risk estimation from the high animal-feeding doses causing cancer to the low human-dietary exposures. Extrapolating from the rodent TD50 dose to humans gives a maximum credible risk from consumption of heterocyclic amines of approximately 1/1000 exposed individuals.
19810020	Heterocyclic amines (HCAs) are potent mutagens/carcinogens to which humans are frequently exposed through the consumption of cooked meat and fish food. The effect of normal intake of HCAs and their role in the aetiology of human cancer is unknown. To some extent, limitations of the existing analytical methods in monitoring the low levels of HCAs in biological samples have hindered obtaining conclusive results. In this study, a method for the analysis of HCAs in human urine has been studied to detect HCAs and metabolites at levels resulting from consumption of food cooked at ordinary conditions. The analytical method consisted of extraction and clean-up by the novel technique liquid-phase microextraction combined with LC-MS/MS. The effect of pH during the extraction and hydrolysis step was examined. High sensitivity was achieved when the extraction was performed in raw urine adjusted to pH 5.5, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine being detected from 2 pg/g urine, levels comparable with a normal exposure. Good reproducibility and repeatability was obtained for 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine and 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline, below 9% using isotopic dilution. The performance of the method on 9H-pyrido[3,4-b]indole, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-(4'-hydroxyphenyl)imidazo[4,5-b]pyridine and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-(5-hydroxy)phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine was also studied.
21238752	A rapid and simple procedure for the direct screening of urine samples is described. The method involves microextraction in a packed sorbent (MEPS) that is on-line coupled to a capillary liquid chromatograph with fluorimetric detection. The overall arrangement works as a screening/confirmatory system for monitoring non-polar heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs) in urine samples. This configuration allows the selective retention of HAAs from urine on a C(18) MEPS cartridge integrated in the needle of a micro-well plate autosampler. Retained HAAs were eluted with methanol/water (90:10, v/v) and directly injected into the fluorimetric detector. This screening method provides a yes/no binary response that may require confirmation. The samples for which the concentration of HAAs was close to or above the established threshold limit (30 ng mL(-1)) were subjected to capillary liquid chromatography (CLC) for confirmation purposes. A mobile phase of acetonitrile and triethylamine (25 mM) at pH 2.5, through a gradient of composition at a flow rate of 20 μL min(-1), resulted in good separations between the analytes in less than 11 min. This confirmation method allowed the determination of the analytes in the 10-100 ng mL(-1) range for harmane and norharmane and from 20 to 200 ng mL(-1) for 3-amino-1,4-dimethyl-5H-pyrido-[4,3-b] indole (Trp-P-1), 3-amino-1-methyl-5H-pyrido-[4,3-b] indole (Trp-P-2), 2-amino-9H-pyrido-[2,3-b] indole (AαC) and 2-amino-3-methyl-9H-pyrido-[2,3-b] indole (MeAαC), with relative standard deviation (RSD) values between 2.12% and 3.73%, and limits of detection between 1.6 and 5.6 ng mL(-1) for all the HAAs.
12387319	The contribution of CYP1A2 to the formation of DNA adducts of the cooked meat-derived heterocyclic amines (HCAs) 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ) and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) was examined in CYP1A2-null (knock-out, KO) and wild-type (WT) mice. IQ (25 mg and 75 mg/kg) and PhIP (150 mg/kg) were administered by gavage to mice and DNA adduct levels in liver, kidney, mammary gland and colon were examined by the 32P-postlabeling assay. Three hours after either dose of IQ, adducts levels in liver and kidney of KO mice were 20-30% of the levels in WT mice, a difference that was statistically significant (Student's t-test, P < 0.05). In the colon, adduct levels in KO mice were significantly lower than in the WT mice only at the lowest dose of IQ (1.6+/-0.6 vs 4.6+/-0.7, respectively, relative adduct labeling (RAL) x 10(8), mean+/-S.E.M., n = 3-5 mice). In the mammary gland, however, there was no difference in IQ-DNA adduct levels in KO and WT mice at either dose of IQ. Three hours after dosing with PhIP, PhIP-DNA adduct levels were statistically significantly lower in KO mice than in WT mice in all tissues examined. PhIP-DNA adducts in liver and kidney of WT mice were 9.9+/-1.1 and 22.5+/-6.9, respectively, whereas no PhIP-DNA adducts were detected in either organ of KO mice (limit of detection, 1.4-2.8 x 10(9)). PhIP-DNA adduct levels in mammary gland and colon of WT mice were 47.1+/-9.5 and 58.0+/-21.7, respectively, but accordingly only 3.8+/-0.7 and 5.4+/-0.9 in KO mice. The findings indicate that CYP1A2, responsible for IQ and PhIP N-hydroxylation, the first step in the metabolic action, significantly effects DNA adduct formation in vivo. However, the data raise the possibility that other cytochromes P450 as well as other pathways of activation potentially contribute to DNA adduct formation in specific organs, depending on the HCA substrate.
10962432	2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is the most abundant heterocyclic amine formed in meat and fish during cooking and can be used as a model compound for this class of chemicals possibly involved in human carcinogenesis. Knowing the exposure to heterocyclic amines is important for establishing their role in human diseases. Serum albumin (SA) and globin (Gb) adducts were first tested as biomarkers of exposure to PhIP in male Fischer 344 rats given oral doses of 0.1, 0.5, 1 and 10 mg/kg. Blood samples were collected 24 hr after treatment and PhIP released from SA and Gb after acidic hydrolysis was analyzed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry or liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. PhIP-SA and Gb adducts increased linearly with the dose. Studies on 35 volunteers with different dietary habits exhibited that diet was a major determinant in the formation of both adducts. PhIP-SA adducts were significantly higher in meat consumers than in vegetarians (6.7 +/- 1.6 and 0.7 +/- 0.3 fmol/mg SA; respectively, mean +/- SE; p = 0.04, Mann-Whitney U test). The Gb adduct pattern was quantitatively lower but paralleled SA (3 +/- 0.8 in meat consumers and 0.3 +/- 0.1 in vegetarians). PhIP-SA adducts were no different in smokers and in non-smokers. The results show for the first time that PhIP-blood protein adducts are present in humans not given the synthetic compound. Both biomarkers appear to be suitable for assessing dietary exposure and internal PhIP dose and may be promising tools for studying the role of heterocyclic amines in the etiology of colon cancer and other diseases.
22173956	Doash (Origanum majorana) is an herbaceous plant found commonly in Saudi Arabia. It is used as a food flavor and a folk remedy to treat a number of diseases. The 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f] quinoline (IQ) and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) are the most abundant of the heterocyclic amine carcinogens present in cooked food. In the present study, the potential of doash tea to influence carcinogen metabolism was investigated indirectly using heterocyclic amines as model mutagens, IQ and PhIP. Results obtained showed that doash tea had no influence on body weight in both the studies. Rats were treated with different doses of IQ (1, 3, 5 and 10 mg/kg) or PhIP (1, 5, 10 and 20 mg/kg). The selected dosage was 5 mg/kg for both heterocyclic amines. Results obtained revealed that rats treated with doash tea and given a single dose of the heterocyclic amines, whether for 1 day (short-term) or for 1 month (long term), showed a statistically significant decrease in their excretion of indirect mutagens (IQ or PhIP). Following treatment of the rats with a single oral dose of IQ or PhIP, the highest mutagenic activity determined in the presence of an activation system was excreted in the urine after 24 h, with much lower levels of mutagencity being excreted during subsequent elimination from the body. No mutagenicity was observed in the absence of an activation system that is direct-acting mutagenicity using (IQ and PhIP). Statistical analysis revealed that, in comparison with the control group, the aqueous doash extract significantly reduced the mutagenic response after 24 h. It was concluded that doash extract significantly decreased the excretion of mutagens in comparison with the control group (water only).
21688801	Aromatic amines and heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs) are structurally related classes of carcinogens that are formed during the combustion of tobacco or during the high-temperature cooking of meats. Both classes of procarcinogens undergo metabolic activation by N-hydroxylation of the exocyclic amine group to produce a common proposed intermediate, the arylnitrenium ion, which is the critical metabolite implicated in toxicity and DNA damage. However, the biochemistry and chemical properties of these compounds are distinct, and different biomarkers of aromatic amines and HAAs have been developed for human biomonitoring studies. Hemoglobin adducts have been extensively used as biomarkers to monitor occupational and environmental exposures to a number of aromatic amines; however, HAAs do not form hemoglobin adducts at appreciable levels, and other biomarkers have been sought. A number of epidemiologic studies that have investigated dietary consumption of well-done meat in relation to various tumor sites reported a positive association between cancer risk and well-done meat consumption, although some studies have shown no associations between well-done meat and cancer risk. A major limiting factor in most epidemiological studies is the uncertainty in quantitative estimates of chronic exposure to HAAs, and thus, the association of HAAs formed in cooked meat and cancer risk has been difficult to establish. There is a critical need to establish long-term biomarkers of HAAs that can be implemented in molecular epidemioIogy studies. In this review, we highlight and contrast the biochemistry of several prototypical carcinogenic aromatic amines and HAAs to which humans are chronically exposed. The biochemical properties and the impact of polymorphisms of the major xenobiotic-metabolizing enzymes on the biological effects of these chemicals are examined. Lastly, the analytical approaches that have been successfully employed to biomonitor aromatic amines and HAAs, and emerging biomarkers of HAAs that may be implemented in molecular epidemiology studies are discussed.
18792919	Heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs) generated during the cooking of meats are known to be genotoxic substances able to form covalent bonds with DNA bases after metabolic activation. This work aimed at the investigation of the influence of the local environment of nucleobases along the nucleotidic sequence on its modification induced by two different HAAs, namely 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ), in order to identify possible sequences more susceptible to modification. A systematic study of the neighbouring base effect on the adduction was emphasized. Thus, PhIP and IQ adducts have been synthesized with various T-rich model single-strand oligonucleotides displaying different flanking bases (A, G, C or T) at the 3' or the 5' side of the targeted guanine, which allowed a comparison of the flanking base effects on adduction. Modified oligonucleotides were then analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) coupled to electrospray ionization mass spectrometry. The localization of the modifications induced by PhIP or IQ along the oligonucleotide sequence was achieved by tandem mass spectrometry, and modification yields of the various model sequences were compared. Results indicate a favouring sequence context effect on the G-C8-IQ adduct formation with the sequence 5'GGG3'. Although higher than IQ, modification yields observed with PhIP showed a less obvious effect of the neighbouring base on the G-C8-PhIP adduct formation, with a preferential sequence 5'GGA/G/T3'.
15036004	HA-specific meat concentration estimates using a method that combines laboratory data to predict HA concentrations from meat type, cooking method and meat doneness were used with national dietary data to estimate daily HA intake for segments of the US population. PhIP was found to comprise approximately 70% of US mean dietary intake of total HAs, with pan-frying and chicken being the single cooking method and meat type contributing the greatest to total estimated HA exposures. This analysis demonstrated significantly higher concentrations in grilled/barbecued meats than in other cooked meats. African-American males were estimated to consume nearly twofold and approximately 35 to 40% more PhIP (and total HAs) than white males at ages <16 and >30 years, respectively.
19838915	High intake of meat, particularly red and processed meat, has been associated with an increased risk of a number of common cancers such as breast, colorectum, and prostate in many epidemiological studies. Heterocyclic amines (HCAs) are a group of mutagenic compounds found in cooked meats, particularly well-done meats. HCAs are some of most potent mutagens detected using the Ames/salmonella tests and have been clearly shown to induce tumors in experimental animal models. Over the past 10 years, an increasing number of epidemiological studies have evaluated the association of well-done meat intake and meat carcinogen exposure with cancer risk. The results from these epidemiologic studies were evaluated and summarized in this review. The majority of these studies have shown that high intake of well-done meat and high exposure to meat carcinogens, particularly HCAs, may increase the risk of human cancer.
7889858	Heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs) are animal carcinogens and suspected human carcinogens which are formed in cooked foods at the low parts per billion level. HAAs in cooked meats were purified by either immunoaffinity chromatography or solid phase tandem extraction, which allowed for the simultaneous analysis of 11 HAAs by HPLC. The metabolism of two prominent HAAs, 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx) and 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ), was investigated in animal models and in vitro with human tissues to develop strategies for human biomonitoring. MeIQx and IQ are rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract of rodents and transformed into several detoxification products which are excreted in urine and feces. Metabolites result from cytochrome P450-mediated ring oxidation at the C-5 position followed by conjugation to sulfate or beta-glucuronic acid. Other major metabolites include the phase II conjugates, N2-glucuronide and N2-sulfamate. A metastable N2-glucuronide conjugate of the genotoxic metabolite of N-hydroxy-MeIQx was also detected in urine and bile. The binding of both carcinogens to blood proteins was low and suggests that human biomonitoring through protein adducts may be difficult. These metabolic pathways exist in nonhuman primates and several of these pathways also occur in vitro with human liver. The urinary excretion of MeIQx in seven human subjects following consumption of cooked beef or fish ranged between 2 and 22 ng in 12 hr when determined by negative ion chemical ionization GC-MS. After acid hydrolysis of urine, the amount of MeIQx increased 4- to 10-fold in 6 of the 7 subjects.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
1499093	Dose responses to two heterocyclic amines, 2-amino-3-methyl-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (MeA alpha C) and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), in induction of glutathione S-transferase placental form positive liver cell foci (GST-P+ foci) and DNA adduct formation in the liver were examined in male F344 rats. Beginning 2 weeks after a single diethylnitrosamine (DEN) injection (200 mg/kg, i.p.), rats received MeA alpha C or PhIP in the diet at various doses for 6 weeks. All rats were subjected to two-thirds partial hepatectomy (PH) 1 weeks after the test agents were added to the diet and were killed 8 weeks after DEN initiation. MeA alpha C (100, 200, 400 and 800 p.p.m.) significantly increased numbers and areas of GST-P+ foci over control levels in all dose groups with a clear dose-response. In contrast, PhIP (50, 100, 200 and 400 p.p.m.) only equivocally increased foci development in the highest dose group and rather was associated with decrease in the lower dose groups. DNA adduct formation assessed by 32P-postlabeling demonstrated a dose-dependent increase with both chemicals, the levels being much higher with MeA alpha C. Thus, two highly mutagenic heterocyclic amines that are produced in broiled foodstuffs exerted different influence on GST-P+ foci development and DNA adduct formation; these findings are consistent with liver carcinogenicity in rats and/or mice.
15036002	This paper describes a method for the determination of heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAs; DMIP, IQ, MeIQ, MeIQx, 4,8-DiMeIQx, 7,8-DiMeIQx, AalphaC, PhIP) by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) with coulometric electrode array detection. The compounds are separated on reversed phase columns (LiChroCart Superspher 60 RP-select B, 250 mm x 2 mm, 4 microm and LiChrospher 60 RP-select B, 250 mm x 4 mm, 5 microm) using mobile phases consisting of acetonitrile/buffer/distilled water and detected at eight working electrodes at potentials between +190 and +680 mV against modified palladium electrodes. In the context of an EU-interlaboratory exercise, the method was applied to analyse a standardised test solution and--after isolation of the analytes by several clean-up steps--for the analysis of standardised beef extract and grilled meat. Further, the method could be applied for the analysis of HAs in suspensions of bacteria and rat urine without any sample preparation step beyond sample dilution. The data obtained show that HPLC with coulometric electrode array detection gives accurate results.
1473240	Extracts of human urine were shown to contain substances that strongly inhibited the liver S9-mediated mutagenicity of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in Salmonella typhimurium TA98 strain in a liquid incubation assay. The inhibitory effect was unrelated to cytotoxicity and was similar with urine extracts from smokers and non-smokers. Under similar assay conditions, the mutagenicity of the related amino-imidazoazaarenes, 2-amino-3-methyl-imidazo[4,5-f]quinoline, 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]-quinoline and 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline was also found to be strongly inhibited by urine extracts. Decreased or enhanced mutagenicity was seen with 2-acetyl-aminofluorene and 2-aminoanthracene depending on the type of assay, and the time of incubation in liquid medium. A weak inhibition of the mutagenicity of 2-nitrofluorene, a direct-acting mutagen, was observed only after a short incubation time. Mutagenicity of 4-nitroquinoline N-oxide was not altered by the presence of urine extracts at concentrations shown to be inhibitory for the mutagenicity of heterocyclic aromatic amines. Our data suggest that the inhibitory substances in urine act through their capacity to non covalently bind the parent heterocyclic and aromatic amines, thus affecting their availability in aqueous medium for diffusion into liver microsomes where metabolic activation takes place.
21456541	DNA adduct formation of the aromatic amine, 4-aminobiphenyl (4-ABP), a known human carcinogen present in tobacco smoke, and the heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs), 2-amino-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (AαC), 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ), and 2-amino-3,8-dimethylmidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx), potential human carcinogens, which are also present in tobacco smoke or formed during the high-temperature cooking of meats, was investigated in freshly cultured human hepatocytes. The carcinogens (10 μM) were incubated with hepatocytes derived from eight different donors for time periods up to 24 h. The DNA adducts were quantified by liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization mass spectrometry with a linear quadrupole ion trap mass spectrometer. The principal DNA adducts formed for all of the carcinogens were N-(deoxyguanosin-8-yl) (dG-C8) adducts. The levels of adducts ranged from 3.4 to 140 adducts per 10(7) DNA bases. The highest level of adduct formation occurred with AαC, followed by 4-ABP, then by PhIP, MeIQx, and IQ. Human hepatocytes formed dG-C8-HAA-adducts at levels that were up to 100-fold greater than the amounts of adducts produced in rat hepatocytes. In contrast to HAA adducts, the levels of dG-C8-4-ABP adduct formation were similar in human and rat hepatocytes. These DNA binding data demonstrate that the rat, an animal model that is used for carcinogenesis bioassays, significantly underestimates the potential hepatic genotoxicity of HAAs in humans. The high level of DNA adducts formed by AαC, a carcinogen produced in tobacco smoke at levels that are up to 100-fold higher than the amounts of 4-ABP, is noteworthy. The possible causal role of AαC in tobacco-associated cancers warrants investigation.
1722281	Purified human red blood cell cytosol was used to activate the heterocyclic amines 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ), 2-amino-3,4-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (MeIQ), 3-amino-1,4-dimethyl-5H-pyrido[4,3-b]indole (Trp-P-1) and 3-amino-1-methyl-5H-pyrido[4,3-b]indole (Trp-P-2) into mutagenic intermediate(s) in the Salmonella test. The liquid preincubation method in the presence of strain TA98 was utilized. In order to understand the mechanism involved in this metabolic activation, some modulators were incorporated in the medium. The results suggest that an oxygenated hemoprotein, probably oxyhemoglobin, is involved in the activation into genotoxic intermediate(s).
10719041	Most human mammary carcinomas originate in the epithelial cells of the breast ducts. A potential role of heterocyclic amines (HAs) in the aetiology of this disease has led us to investigate peroxidase-catalysed and stromal (non-epithelial) activation of the HA 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ), which may subsequently lead to DNA damage in the adjacent human mammary epithelial cells (HMECs). HAs are formed when proteinaceous foods are cooked at high temperature and some, but not all, can cause mammary tumours in rats. Myeloperoxidase (MPO) and lactoperoxidase (LPO) are peroxidase enzymes present in breast secretions. (32)P-post-labelling analysis showed that IQ-DNA adducts were formed after co-incubation of IQ (500 microM) with calf thymus DNA, hydrogen peroxide and either bovine LPO or horseradish peroxidase (HRP). The major HRP-mediated IQ-DNA adduct co-migrated on TLC and HPLC with the major adduct formed in HMECs, suggesting a common reactive intermediate (nitrenium ion). IQ-DNA adducts were also formed in extracellular DNA when phorbol myristate acetate-stimulated neutrophils (which activate IQ via MPO) were co-incubated with IQ (500 microM) and extracellular plasmid (4 +/- 1 adducts/10(8) nucleotides) or calf thymus DNA (6 +/- 2). Mean adduct formation was five to seven times greater in neutrophil DNA (31 +/- 20). Primary cultures of human mammary fibroblasts or epithelial cells isolated from reduction mammoplasty tissues (n = 4 individuals) were incubated with IQ (500 microM) and formed 2.5 and 14.8 adducts/10(8) nucleotides (mean values), respectively. Our results indicate the possible contribution of stromal cells and breast peroxidases to the metabolic activation of carcinogens in the mammary gland.
8149474	The heterocyclic amines 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ) and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) are carcinogens that form DNA adducts. In the present study, we used the 32P-postlabeling method to measure the levels of IQ and PhIP adducts in hepatic nuclear and mitochondrial DNA of Fischer-344 rats given a single dose (100 mg/kg, p.o.) or 10 doses of either carcinogen. After a single dose of IQ, adduct levels were > 2-fold higher in hepatic nuclear than in mitochondrial DNA; however, after repeated IQ exposure, the levels of adducts in nuclear and mitochondrial DNA were not significantly different. In contrast, after a single dose of PhIP, there were no significant differences in adduct levels in nuclear and mitochondrial DNA; however, after multiple doses of PhIP, adduct levels were significantly higher in mitochondrial DNA than in nuclear DNA. The percentages of individual IQ or PhIP adducts were different between nuclear DNA and mitochondrial DNA, particularly after 10 doses. With IQ, the C8-guanine adduct accounted for 72% of the total IQ adduct levels in nuclear DNA but only 40% of total adduct levels in mitochondrial DNA. After 10 doses of PhIP, the C8-guanine adduct accounted for 48% and 15% of total adduct levels in nuclear DNA and mitochondrial DNA respectively. In addition, the percentage of an uncharacterized PhIP adduct was 14% in nuclear DNA but < 1% in mitochondrial DNA. The percentages of individual adducts were approximately the same 3, 24, 120 and 240 h after a single dose of either compound, though total IQ and PhIP adduct levels appeared to decline over time in both organelles. The significance of IQ and PhIP mitochondrial DNA adduction and the influence of distinct heterocyclic amine adducts on carcinogenesis merit further investigation.
15704238	The amino-alpha-carbolines 2-amino-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (AalphaC) and 2-amino-3-methyl-9H-pyrido-[2,3-b]indole (MeAalphaC) are two mutagenic and carcinogenic heterocyclic amines formed during ordinary cooking. Amino-alpha-carbolines can be formed in model systems by pyrolyzing tryptophan or proteins of animal or vegetable origin, furthermore they are found in many cooked foods, such as fish, meat, and chicken. The specific mutagenicity of the amino-alpha-carbolines are lower in the Ames Salmonella assay than other heterocyclic amines, but in rodent studies the carcinogenicity of the amino-alpha-carbolines are comparable to other heterocyclic amines. The metabolic pathways of the amino-alpha-carbolines have been studied in vitro and in vivo, and the detoxified phase I and phase II metabolites characterized and quantified. The metabolic activation of the amino-alpha-carbolines and the formation of DNA-adducts have also been studied. Characteristic for the amino-alpha-carbolines are that relatively large amounts of these compounds in rat and human hepatic microsomes are activated to potent carcinogenic compounds compared with other heterocyclic amines, but further in vivo studies of the amino-alpha-carbolines are needed to highlight these indications. In this review, the main characteristics with focus on the metabolism and the DNA-adduct formation of the amino-alpha-carbolines are described and compared with other heterocyclic amines.
11323401	While metabolism of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), the most abundant food-derived heterocyclic amine and carcinogen, has been studied extensively in several species, transport of this compound and its metabolites has not been defined yet. Therefore we studied metabolism and disposition of PhIP in Wistar and Mrp2-deficient TR(-) rats to determine the role of Mrp2 in the defence against this compound. In the first 2 h after intravenous dosing, total excretion of PhIP and its metabolites in bile was > 4-fold reduced in TR(-) rats compared with Wistar rats, while excretion in the urine of the TR(-) rat was 1.8-fold higher. This difference was the result of an almost complete absence of secretion of glucuronidated metabolites but also a reduced level of secretion of unchanged PhIP into bile of the TR(-) rat. Direct intestinal excretion of unmetabolized PhIP was 3-fold higher in Wistar versus TR(-) rats. As a consequence, PhIP tissue levels in the liver were 1.7-fold higher in TR(-) rats, and tissue binding of PhIP, determined after ethanol extraction, was elevated by a similar magnitude. Mrp2-mediated transport of the parent compound PhIP is glutathione (GSH)-dependent, because GSH depletion by L-buthionine-[S,R]-sulfoximine (BSO) treatment in Wistar rats reduced intestinal secretion to the same level as that in TR(-) rats. TR(-) rats produced less glucuronides and 4'-OH-PhIP in the 2 h following PhIP administration. We conclude that Mrp2 protects against the carcinogen PhIP by biliary excretion of the parent compound and all major phase-II metabolites, but, more importantly, also by direct extrusion of the parent compound from the gut mucosa.
17184892	The metabolism of the carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) has been investigated in rabbit liver S9. Two phase I metabolites, N(2)-OH-PhIP and 4'-OH-PhIP were identified based on UV and mass spectra and co-elution with reference standards. Fortification of the incubation with UDGPA resulted in a complete glucuronidation of PhIP and N(2)-OH-PhIP, while 4'-OH-PhIP was only partly glucuronidated. Also, the PhIP metabolite 5-OH-PhIP was completely glucuronidated by rabbit liver S9, while 5-OH-PhIP was a poor substrate for CYP mediated hydroxylation. The glucuronic acid conjugates of PhIP metabolites were unsusceptible to treatment with beta-glucuronidase indicating that these are N-glucuronides. Treatment of the conjugates with hydrazine hydrate, however, resulted in complete hydrolysis of the glucuronic acid conjugates as well as in reduction to the parent amine of metabolites hydroxylated in the exocyclic amino group. Urine was collected from a male volunteer following consumption of fried chicken. Treatment of the urine with beta-glucuronidase/sulfatase resulted in release of 4'-OH-PhIP, while treatment with hydrazine hydrate in addition resulted in release of substantial amounts of PhIP and 5-OH-PhIP. The data show that hydrazine hydrate can hydrolyse N-glucuronides of metabolites of PhIP, glucuronides that are unsusceptible to enzymatic hydrolysis. In addition the data indicate that humans metabolise a large fraction of ingested PhIP to genotoxic metabolites. The chemical hydrolysis of glucuronide conjugates of PhIP metabolites with hydrazine hydrate observed in this study may also be a useful approach in the development of biomarkers for exposure and effect of other xenobiotics.
12016160	Adduct formation has been considered to be a major causal factor of DNA damage by carcinogenic heterocyclic amines. By means of experiments with an electrochemical detector coupled to a high-performance liquid chromatograph, we revealed that N-hydroxy metabolite of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo [4,5-b] pyridine (PhIP) induced the formation of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OH-dG) in the presence of Cu(II). Addition of an endogenous reductant NADH enhanced the 8-OH-dG formation. Experiments with (32)P-labeled DNA fragments showed that this metabolite [PhIP(NHOH)] caused 8-hydroxylation of guanines in the presence of Cu(II) and NADH, and subsequent treatment with formamidopyrimidine-DNA glycosylase led to chain cleavages at the 5'-site guanine of GG and GGG sequences. Interestingly, antioxidant enzyme SOD enhanced the intensity of DNA damage, and thymine residues were appended to its guanine-predominant cleavage sites. Catalase and bathocuproine, a Cu(I)-specific chelator, inhibited the DNA damage, suggesting the involvement of H(2)O(2) and Cu(I). A UV-visible spectroscopic study indicated that Cu(II) and SOD catalyze the autoxidation of PhIP(NHOH). These results suggest that Cu(II)-dependent autooxidation of PhIP(NHOH) coupled with NADH-mediated reduction of its oxidized product form redox cycle, resulting in oxidative DNA damage by low concentrations of PhIP(NHOH). We conclude that in addition to DNA adduct formation, oxidative DNA damage may be involved in the carcinogenic process of PhIP.
12753428	The purpose of this work was to correlate the amount of the food mutagen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) determined in mouse fur with the number of intestinal tumours induced by PhIP, to further evaluate incorporation of PhIP into hair as a putative exposure biomarker for food mutagens. We have previously shown that PhIP increases intestinal tumourigenesis in C57BL/6J-Min/+ (Multiple Intestinal Neoplasia) mice. Fur was sampled from mice exposed according to various PhIP protocols, and the amount of PhIP in the fur was quantitated by high performance liquid chromatography - mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS). A quantitative incorporation of PhIP in the fur was demonstrated after a single subcutaneous injection of PhIP, and between one and eight PhIP exposures either via direct subcutaneous injections or through breast milk from PhIP-injected dams. However, after higher exposures, the amount of PhIP in the fur appeared to reach saturation. After low exposures to PhIP, the number of intestinal tumours correlated with the amount of PhIP in the fur of individual mice, whereas after higher exposures, the number of tumours was relatively higher than the amounts of incorporated PhIP in the fur. Other factors, e.g. amounts of reactive PhIP metabolites formed, are also determining the number of intestinal tumours. The demonstrated quantitative incorporation of PhIP into mice fur and the correlation with number of intestinal tumours at the lower exposures, indicate that determination of PhIP in human hair may be a suitable biomarker for exposure to dietary PhIP, which is found in human hair in 10-3 lower amounts than in these mice.
14601045	2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is the most abundant heterocyclic amine derived from food, possibly involved in human carcinogenesis. We evaluated the formation of PhIP-DNA adducts in lymphocytes from 76 incident colorectal cancer patients likely to be exposed to dietary PhIP. To address the role of the metabolic polymorphisms relevant to PhIP-DNA adduct formation, the patients were genotyped for common polymorphisms in the N-acetyltransferase (NAT1 and NAT2), sulfotransferase (SULT1A1) and glutathione S-transferase (GSTM1 and GSTA1) genes. PhIP released from adducted DNA after hydrolysis was quantitated by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Overall, adducts were 3.24 +/- 3.58/10(8) nucleotides (mean +/- SD); they were not related to sex, smoking habits or age, though levels were not significantly higher in smokers, young subjects and high meat consumers. High vegetable intake significantly reduced PhIP-DNA adducts (Mann-Whitney U, p = 0.044). Individuals with the GSTM1 null genotype showed colon cancer onset at earlier age (58.8 +/- 1.8 vs. 63.5 +/- 1.6 years; Mann-Whitney U, p = 0.047). None of the genetic polymorphisms studied significantly affected PhIP-DNA adducts. However, individuals carrying 2 mutated GSTA1 alleles and younger than the median age had higher adduct levels than homozygous wild-type and heterozygous ones (Kruskal-Wallis p = 0.0008). In conclusion, these preliminary data indicate that PhIP-DNA adducts are formed in people likely to be exposed to this carcinogen through the diet, suggesting this biomarker may be useful to detect human exposure and DNA damage. Overall, the genetic polymorphisms considered had limited effect on PhIP-DNA levels, but young people with lower detoxification capacity may form a subgroup particularly susceptible to dietary carcinogen.
12351157	A case-control study of colorectal cancer, consisting of 157 cases and 380 controls matched by sex, ethnicity, decade of age and county of residence was performed to explore the associations between environmental exposure, metabolic polymorphisms and cancer risk. Participants were required to provide a blood sample, undergo caffeine phenotyping and complete an in-person interview that evaluated meat consumption, cooking methods and degree of doneness. A color atlas of foods cooked to different degrees of doneness was used to estimate food preparation techniques and food models were used to estimate serving portion sizes. Data was analyzed using a reference database of heterocyclic amine (HCA) exposure based on the food preferences chosen from the atlas. Data regarding individual food items cooked to different levels of doneness, as well as summary variables of foods and of food groups cooked to different degrees of doneness were also evaluated in a univariate analysis for association with colorectal cancer case status. Three measures of metabolic variation, hGSTA1 genotype, SULT1A1 genotype and the phenotype for CYP2A6 were also evaluated for possible association with colon cancer. While higher exposure to HCAs was strongly associated with colorectal cancer risk, increased consumption of five red meats cooked well done or very well done produced comparable odds ratios (OR) for colorectal cancer risk (OR=4.36, 95% CI 2.08-9.60) for the highest quartile of exposure. Similarly, individuals in the most rapid CYP2A6 phenotype quartile showed an odds ratio (OR = 4.18, 95% CI 2.03-8.90). The ORs for the low activity hGSTA1 and low activity SULT1A1 alleles were 2.0, 95% CI 1.0-3.7 and 0.6, 95% CI 0.3-1.1, respectively. Individual measures of specific HCAs provided little improvement in risk assessment over the measure of meat consumption, suggesting that exposure to other environmental or dietary carcinogens such as nitrosamines or undefined HCAs may contribute to colorectal cancer risk.
9920831	We have previously shown that the HCA/ALCAM (CD166) glycoprotein, a member of the immunoglobulin family that mediates both homophilic and heterophilic cell-cell adhesion, via the CD6 ligand, is expressed at the surface of all of the most primitive CD38(-/lo), Thy-1(+), rho123(lo), CD34(+) hematopoietic cells in human fetal liver and fetal and adult bone marrow. In the present report we show that HCA is also expressed by subsets of stromal cells in the primary hematopoietic sites that sequentially develop in the human embryo and fetus, ie, the paraaortic mesoderm, liver, thymus, and bone marrow. Adult bone marrow stromal cells established in vitro, including those derived from Stro-1(+) progenitors and cells from immortalized cell lines, express HCA. In contrast, no HCA expression could be detected in peripheral lymphoid tissues, fetal spleen, and lymph nodes. HCA membrane molecules purified from marrow stromal cells interact with intact marrow stromal cells, CD34(+) CD38(-) hematopoietic precursors, and CD3(+) CD6(+) peripheral blood lymphocytes. Finally, low but significant levels of CD6 are here for the first time detected at the surface of CD34(+) rho123(med/lo) progenitors in the bone marrow and in mobilized blood from healthy individuals. Altogether, these results indicate that the HCA/ALCAM surface molecule is involved in homophilic or heterophilic (with CD6) adhesive interactions between early hematopoietic progenitors and associated stromal cells in primary blood-forming organs.
15110096	2-amino-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (AalphaC) is a mutagenic and carcinogenic heterocyclic amine formed during ordinary cooking. In model systems AalphaC can be formed by pyrolysing either tryptophan or proteins of animal or vegetable origin. In the present study, the in vivo metabolism of AalphaC in rats was investigated. Rats were dosed with tritium labelled AalphaC. Urine and faeces were collected over three days. The metabolites of AalphaC were characterised by HPLC-MS and quantified by liquid scintillation counting. Conjugated metabolites were characterised by enzymatic hydrolyses with beta-Glucuronidase or arylsulfatase. The data showed that the metabolic pattern of AalphaC was similar in all rats. About 55% of the dose was excreted in urine and faeces during 72 h and the major amount of AalphaC metabolites (31%) was excreted during the first 24 h. In addition to a small amount of unmetabolised AalphaC seven conjugated metabolites were characterised. Three minor metabolites were characterised as AalphaC-N(2)-glucuronide and glucuronic acid conjugates of 3-OH-AalphaC and 6-OH-AalphaC. Four metabolites were all characterised as sulphuric acid conjugates and accounted for the largest amount of metabolites excreted in urine. The two major sulphuric acid conjugates were identified as AalphaC-3-O-sulfate and AalphaC-6-O-sulfate, while the minor sulphuric acid conjugates were proposed to be other O-sulfonated metabolites. In faeces only AalphaC was excreted and accounted for about 12% of dose during the first 24 hours. Any activated metabolites of AalphaC were not detected in rat urine or faeces. In future accumulation or binding of AalphaC to macromolecules such as DNA and proteins has to be studied.
